--- Page 1 ---
Euro Medium Term Note Programme Prospectus dated April 29, 2022 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 (1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) of MAHLE GmbH in respect of non-
equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
MAHLE GmbH 
(Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference therein, the “Prospectus”), MAHLE GmbH 
(the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated 
bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the “Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued under the Programme outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities 
of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche of Notes 
(each term as defined below, see “General Description of the Programme”) will be set out in the document containing the final 
terms (each referred to as “Final Terms”) within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF does not 
assume any responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of any issue of Notes under the Programme and the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Republic of Austria (“Austria”), the Federal 
Republic of Germany (“Germany”) and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in 
additional host member states within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) with such notification. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Euro MTF operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF is a multilateral trading facility for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and, therefore, not an EU-regulated market. Notes issued under the 
Programme may also not be listed at all. 
This Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the website of MAHLE Group 
(www.mahle.com). 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of April 29, 2023. The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
HSBC 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
Commerzbank 
CIC Market Solutions 
Deutsche Bank
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Mizuho Securities
SMBC 
 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
MAHLE GmbH (“MAHLE” or the “Issuer”, and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “MAHLE 
Group”, “Group” or “we”) with its registered office in Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany, accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
The Issuer also accepts responsibility for the content of this Prospectus with respect to the subsequent 
resale or final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use this 
Prospectus as further specified in the section “General Information – Consent to the Use of the 
Prospectus” and the relevant Final Terms. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche 
of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should consider all information provided in this 
Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal 
and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes 
which is material in the context of the Programme; that the information contained herein with respect to 
the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that 
any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; 
that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make 
this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or 
intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material 
for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers (i) to supplement this Prospectus or to publish a new 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when 
this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Tranche of Notes offered to the public 
or, as the case may be, when trading (if any) of any Tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, 
and (ii) where approval of the CSSF of any such document is required, to have such document 
approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this 
Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of 
these documents. This Prospectus is valid for twelve months after its approval and this Prospectus and 
any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. 
The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may 
not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any 
Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America (the “United States”), the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in general, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland, Republic of Italy and Singapore see “Selling Restrictions”. In particular, the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), and the Notes are subject to tax law requirements of the United States. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any 
Dealer that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language sets of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes are shown in the Prospectus for additional information. As to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of the holders of Notes and the Issuer under the Notes to be 
issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The information on any website referred to in this Prospectus does not form part of the Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Prospectus. 
Some figures (including percentages) in this Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with 
commercial rounding. 
Without prejudice to the issuance of Notes in other currencies, in this Prospectus, all references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “Euro” are to the single currency which was introduced on January 1, 1999 with the start of 
the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, references to “USD” are to the currency of 
the United States, references to “GBP” are to the currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland and references to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For 
the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final 
Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001  
OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION /  
STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR’S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes issued under the Programme are calculated by 
reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As of the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of June 8, 2016, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
STABILIZATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as stabilization 
manager(s) (each a “Stabilization Manager” and together, the “Stabilization Managers”) (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilization Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment shall 
be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules by the relevant Stabilization Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilization Manager(s)). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “will” and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding MAHLE Group’s 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions 
and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including MAHLE Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that 
have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. MAHLE 
Group’s business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-
looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, 
investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: “Risk Factors” and 
“Description of MAHLE GmbH and MAHLE Group”. These sections include more detailed descriptions 
of factors that might have an impact on MAHLE Group’s business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual 
events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (“Alternative Performance 
Measures”) such as EBIT, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net debt, net debt to EBITDA ratio, equity ratio 
and net income margin, which are not recognized financial measures under the German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, “HGB”). The Alternative Performance Measures are used by MAHLE’s 
management to monitor the performance of MAHLE Group and are intended to supplement investors’ 
understanding of MAHLE Group’s financial information by providing indicators which investors may find 
helpful. The Alternative Performance Measures presented by MAHLE may not be comparable to 
measures used by other companies due to differences in the way of calculation even if these measures

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
use similar terminology. The Alternative Performance Measures must be considered only in addition to, 
and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with German 
general accounting standards pursuant to the German Commercial Code (HGB) included elsewhere in 
this Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Alternative Performance 
Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements 
of MAHLE GmbH as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, 
respectively, including the related notes thereto incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Please 
refer to “Description of MAHLE GmbH and MAHLE Group – Selected Financial Information” for 
additional information. 
ESG RATINGS 
MAHLE’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks and impacts and the related 
management arrangements established to mitigate those risks and impacts has been assessed by 
EcoVadis and CDP, and may also be assessed by further agencies in the future, among others, through 
Environmental, Social and Governance ratings (“ESG ratings”). Please refer to the section “Description 
of MAHLE GmbH and MAHLE Group – ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance)” for further 
information regarding MAHLE’s ESG rating as of the date of this Prospectus. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ.  
ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of MAHLE Group’s current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which 
they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such ESG ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings 
are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award 
of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, 
nor is incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus).

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
7 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
ISSUE PROCEDURES  
30 
DESCRIPTION OF MAHLE GMBH AND MAHLE GROUP  
32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
60 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
121 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS  
145 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
147 
TAXATION WARNING  
148 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
149 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
154 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
157 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES  
159

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) to one or more of the 
following Dealers: BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A., Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, SMBC Bank EU AG and UniCredit 
Bank AG and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the “Dealers”). 
HSBC Continental Europe acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the “Arranger”). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft acts as fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, 
including – but not limited to – USD, JPY and GBP). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to 
time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by 
way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each tranche of Notes (“Tranche”) will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes, which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series 
and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue 
prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series (“Series”) of Notes. Further Notes may 
be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other 
currency equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any 
other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. Notes will 
be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time 
of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors 
which are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may 
only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, 
all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital 
Market Association (“ICMA”) method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into 
account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The Notes may be offered to the public in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”) and/or 
Austria and/or Germany and/or The Netherlands and/or any other jurisdiction into which the Prospectus 
has been passported based on a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may further be issued under the Programme, 
which will not be listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main, Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. The Notes are intended to 
be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, the Notes will be deposited 
initially upon issue, (i) in the case of a new global note, with either Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) in the case of a classical global 
note, with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase any Notes, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus (including any document incorporated 
by reference) or any supplement to this Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of MAHLE GmbH and MAHLE Group. Moreover, if any of these risks materialize, the market 
value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to 
fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case 
the holders of Notes issued under the Programme (the “Holders” and each a “Holder”) could lose all 
or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of 
assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category, the 
most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND MAHLE GROUP 
Risks related to MAHLE Group’s industries and markets 
Risks associated with a deterioration of the global economy in general and the Group’s key markets in 
Europe, North and South America and Asia in particular 
MAHLE Group is a global supplier to the automotive industry with production and development locations 
in 29 countries. MAHLE Group’s business and demand for its products is directly linked to general 
economic conditions, particularly within the Group’s key markets in Europe, North and South America 
and Asia. Accordingly, the Group’s sales and profits have in the past been influenced, and will continue 
to be influenced, by the general state of the global economy. In recent years, several adverse 
developments affecting the global economy (including in particular the COVID-19 pandemic) have led 
to higher market volatility and growing fears of a coming recession. Currently, especially the war in 
Ukraine (including sanctions imposed against Russia and any counter-sanctions by Russia), the 
ongoing shortage of semiconductors (which might even further intensify as a result of the war in Ukraine 
given that neon gas from Ukraine is required for chip production) and other supply bottlenecks as well 
as potential further virus variants and waves of the COVID-19 pandemic cause considerable uncertainty 
for the global economy and the growth of the automotive industry in 2022 and beyond.  
MAHLE Group derives nearly half of its sales from its business in Europe. A slowdown in the European 
economies might therefore have a material adverse effect on its business. Weak economic growth and 
rising inflation rates are fueling fears of a recession in Europe, where MAHLE Group generated 44 per 
cent. of its sales in the financial year 2021. Fiscal policy measures to combat these fears, in particular 
the asset purchase program of the European Central Bank, did not result in a significant uptake of 
economic activity. The announced phasing out of the asset purchase program by the European Central 
Bank and possible hikes of the main refinancing rate in the light of rising interest rates in the United 
States might further undermine economic prosperity. At the same time, these measures further 
increased indebtedness across the European Union, which was already at high levels prior to the 
continued monetary stimulus. As a result, there are continued concerns that several European 
countries, including major economies such as Italy, may not be able to repay their national debt. In such 
case, speculation may resume that highly indebted countries could be forced to exit the Eurozone, 
which would significantly adversely affect the Group’s most important markets in Europe. Changes in 
economic regulations related to monetary and budgetary policy like subsidies might adversely affect 
MAHLE Group’s sales and profitability. 
The war in Ukraine and the related rapidly evolving and increasingly severe economic sanctions and 
export controls imposed against Russia and certain Russian companies and individuals, as well as 
related countermeasures adopted by the government of Russia, have severely restricted the level of 
economic activity in those countries, increased volatility and uncertainty in the global financial markets 
and have already affected, and may further affect, the operations of MAHLE Group as well as its 
customers and suppliers, inter alia, due to supply chain disruptions (e.g. with regard to cable harnesses 
produced in Ukraine or palladium sourced from Russia and used in catalytic converters). In addition, 
the economic sanctions and export controls are expected to exacerbate the rising inflation trend and

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
further increase energy and raw material prices, which may also have negative effects on the global 
economy. While MAHLE Group does not have any subsidiaries or equity investments in Ukraine and 
its direct business activities in Russia are of subordinate importance to the Group, its operations may 
in particular be affected by reductions of customers’ production capacities and disruptions of supply 
chains. Reductions of customers’ production capacities might lead to reduced orders and call-offs, and 
bottlenecks in MAHLE Group’s supply chains might result in MAHLE Group not being able to produce 
as planned, which could materially adversely affect MAHLE Group’s sales and results of operations. 
Since 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected the global economy in general 
and the automotive industry in particular. As a result of lockdowns and other governmental measures 
taken to contain the spread of COVID-19 and due to a general decline in demand, in particular in the 
automotive sector, several of the Group’s major customers temporarily shut down or reduced their 
operations, which in turn has caused them to suspend orders for components. In addition, supply chains 
have been temporarily disrupted, which directly and indirectly also affected MAHLE Group. This resulted 
in underutilization of MAHLE Group’s production locations and thus substantial loss of sales, which had 
material adverse effects on its results of operations in particular in 2020 and to a lesser extent also in 
2021. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy has recently generally weakened, 
it is possible that the pandemic will again exacerbate in certain regions or globally, which, depending 
on the countermeasures taken by the relevant governments and their effects on the economy and 
supply chains, could again have adverse effects on MAHLE Group’s results of operations. For example, 
China’s zero COVID-19 policy may result in longer lockdowns. 
Due to MAHLE Group’s dependency on the general economic conditions, a slowdown of the economy, 
recession or sustained decrease of consumer confidence and consumer demand, also in light of the 
war in Ukraine and potential new virus variants or waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, could trigger a 
decline (including decreasing production and reduction of capacity) in the markets in which MAHLE 
Group operates and, as a result, in demand for its products, which could have a material adverse effect 
on MAHLE Group’s results of operations and financial position. 
Dependence on the market development in the automotive industry 
MAHLE Group’s sales can be attributed mainly to customers in the automotive industry, their suppliers 
and the independent aftermarket. Therefore, MAHLE Group depends particularly on the market 
development in the automotive industry, which is generally characterized by cyclicality and depends, 
among other things, on general economic conditions as well as on consumer spending and preferences, 
which can be affected by a number of factors, including the effects from and in connection with the war 
in Ukraine, measures taken against the COVID-19 pandemic, employment, consumer confidence and 
income, energy costs, regulatory requirements, interest rate levels, inflation and the availability of 
consumer financing. The consequences of the war in Ukraine, which are difficult to predict, are causing 
major uncertainty and could significantly dampen growth expectations and have a negative impact on 
all vehicle markets. A decline in demand on the automotive markets and/or an increased pressure on 
prices in the several divisions of MAHLE Group might consequently negatively impact the financial and 
profit situation of MAHLE Group. 
The worldwide semiconductor shortage has had since 2020 and still has a material impact on the global 
automotive industry and the production of vehicles. In addition, the persistent and increasing shortage 
of semiconductors could increase car prices, which could negatively affect consumer demand. 
Furthermore, the extended delivery times of new cars could cause an increase of the cancellations by 
consumers.  
A number of multinational automotive manufacturers that are customers of MAHLE Group were 
accused of programming vehicles with diesel engines to restrict emissions during testing to pass 
applicable emissions requirements in recent years. These customers have been subject to negative 
press coverage, criminal investigations or civil actions in multiple jurisdictions, in some cases leading 
to product recalls and substantial fines. As a result of these developments, demand for diesel vehicles 
and for the Group’s products included in these vehicles has been adversely affected. 
Decreasing vehicle sales and production volumes pose sales risks for MAHLE Group in volume and 
monetary terms, as well as earnings. Such risks also arise due to the fact that automotive manufacturers 
may mandate a supplier to provide parts for a certain vehicle at a certain price but the relevant 
automotive manufacturer will, typically, not commit to a minimum volume to be purchased of the parts 
so supplied.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
Automotive manufacturers are increasingly impacted by a simultaneous mixture of innovation, cost-
cutting pressure, and shorter product development cycles, and are passing these pressures on to their 
suppliers such as MAHLE Group, which could lead to problems in the timely and technical realization 
of products. In particular, automotive manufacturers expect lower prices from suppliers for the same, in 
some cases even enhanced, functionality, plus consistently high product quality. This situation requires 
MAHLE Group to maintain a sustained cost management and a broad-based product structure. 
The automotive industry is currently undergoing a transformation process and is characterized by 
changing regulations and technologies, evolving technical standards and changes in consumer 
preferences. 
The car manufacturing industry worldwide faces the challenge of having to provide more efficient, 
environmentally friendly, sustainable and cheaper solutions which at the same time offer high 
performance. These requirements result, inter alia, from regulatory rules governing and restricting traffic 
in metropolitan areas, aiming in particular at the reduction of emissions of greenhouse gas and 
respirable dust. Possible bans on older diesel vehicles are also a significant uncertainty factor for the 
entire automotive industry. A further tightening of laws and regulations could result in a material 
decrease in demand for vehicles with conventional drive systems and thus in a material decrease in 
demand for products manufactured by MAHLE Group, which would have a material adverse effect on 
its financial position and results of operations. 
Automotive manufacturers are continuing to advance the development of electric cars, which may 
reduce demand for MAHLE Group’s products for vehicles using a combustion engine. Electric cars may 
utilize new drive systems that do not require the Group’s products or make use of such products to a 
lesser extent than conventional drive systems. The continued increase in the market share of electric 
vehicles as well as initiatives aimed at reducing the market share of combustion engines, in particular 
diesel-driven engines, may therefore have an adverse effect on demand for the Group’s products. In 
recent years, the development of autonomous driving solutions has been a key focus of automotive 
manufacturers. Such solutions require increasingly complex steering systems and other advanced 
components, and there is no guarantee that MAHLE Group will be able to adopt the product offering to 
provide suitable components and services for autonomous driving solutions. Electrification, 
automatization and software defined cars could penetrate the market faster than originally expected, 
and thus the shift away from vehicles using a combustion engine may occur faster than anticipated. As 
a result, MAHLE Group may not be able to maintain its competitive position if it fails to adapt its business 
to these ongoing changes.  
Changing regulations and rising fuel and energy prices also influence consumer behavior and 
preferences and may further accelerate the shift away from vehicles using a combustion engine. 
Moreover, changes in opinions and values regarding climate change and other environmental issues 
have already shifted consumer preferences to a certain extent towards more efficient and 
environmentally friendly cars in the recent past, and this trend is expected to continue. 
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect demand for MAHLE Group’s products to the 
extent the Group fails to adapt its product offering to the evolving demands of its customers in the 
automotive industry, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s sales and profitability 
and thus results of operations. 
Intense competition and overcapacity 
MAHLE Group faces competition from several international companies as well as local and regional 
companies in the countries in which it operates. The number of MAHLE Group’s competitors is 
continuously increasing, especially from Asia, which can have a strong impact on market developments 
and therefore also on the business performance of MAHLE Group. Increasing competition and 
unanticipated actions by competitors or customers as well as overcapacity in certain industries could 
lead to downward pressure on prices and/or a decline in MAHLE Group’s market share, which would 
adversely affect its results and hinder its growth potential. MAHLE Group’s competitors might be able 
to finance acquisitions more cost-effectively, to drive organic growth more quickly, to react to 
technological changes faster or to offer products that are similar to those of MAHLE Group at cheaper 
prices. This applies in particular to competitors from, and with production facilities in, low-wage countries 
such as China, whose market entry and expanded market presence has already led to increasing 
international competition. Against the background of a globally intensified competitive environment (also 
in the context of the transformation process of the automotive industry and the resulting shift away from

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
the combustion engine) as well as an increasing price pressure, in the recent past MAHLE Group 
already had, for example, to make capacity adjustments and relocate to sites in Eastern Europe. In this 
connection, in the financial year 2020, MAHLE Group was compelled to close its sites in La Loggia and 
Saluzzo (Italy), Öhringen (Germany) and Telford (United Kingdom) as well as to announce the closure 
of its sites in Gaildorf and Freiberg (both in Germany), and in the financial year 2021, MAHLE Group 
had to announce the cessation of production activities at its locations in Vilanova i la Geltrú (Spain) and 
Chavanod (France). It cannot be ruled out that the increasing competition requires MAHLE Group to 
take similar measures in the future. 
Intense competition exists in particular with regard to prices, which could further intensify, especially if 
additional competitors enter the market or existing competitors offering similar products at cheaper 
prices further expand their market shares. This could adversely affect the Group’s competitive position 
and lead to a situation in which MAHLE Group would be forced to offer its products at (increasingly) 
lower prices, which could decrease profitability and thus have a negative effect on the results of 
operations. Due to this intense competition and the current decline in economic activity within the 
automotive industry, an immense price pressure is exercised by the manufacturers of passenger cars 
and commercial vehicles by examining the prices in irregular intervals by means of international 
inquiries. Thus, MAHLE Group runs the risk of having to adjust its prices downwards. Should MAHLE 
Group fail to meet the price demands of the manufacturers, it is not guaranteed that new orders or 
follow-up orders will be placed with MAHLE Group for models or model ranges already supplied by 
MAHLE Group. Furthermore, MAHLE Group faces the risk of losing individual existing orders at a few 
months’ notice if it fails to withstand the enduring international pressure on prices. The loss of orders 
would result in a decrease in sales and consequently have material adverse effects on the financial and 
profit situation of MAHLE Group. 
Increasing competition also exists with regard to product quality as well as the development and launch 
periods of newly developed products carrying a higher profit risk due to marketing risks and high 
expenses for the market development, product launch and market penetration. With regard to newly 
developed products and innovations, for example, some of MAHLE Group’s competitors could be able 
to outperform MAHLE Group with respect to advances in technological development, which could result 
in MAHLE Group losing its current or potential market shares and thus suffering significant losses in 
sales. 
Risks from political and (macro-)economic developments and trading in numerous foreign countries 
As a global development partner and supplier to the automotive industry, MAHLE Group may be 
adversely affected by political and economic developments in any of the numerous countries in which 
it or its customers operate and from which it sources raw and production materials or semi-finished 
products. This also includes risks from international conflicts, including the war in Ukraine, and other 
geopolitical tensions and uncertainties.  
In Europe, certain developments such as the ongoing influx of refugees and a continued rise of populist 
movements pose major challenges for policymakers and entail institutional uncertainty and political 
instability. 
Outside Europe, the United States and China, two other markets that are key to the Group’s success, 
have also been affected by a number of adverse developments. In the United States, political tensions 
have resulted in ongoing disputes over various domestic issues, creating a highly partisan political 
environment which makes it unlikely that these disputes will be resolved in the near future. In addition, 
demonstrations against racism and police violence have led to unrest and interrupted public life. In its 
relations with other countries, the United States have experienced growing friction. In addition to 
disputes over trade tariffs, international tensions have also risen due to threats that the United States 
will exit from international agreements and organizations, which it has actually done in several cases. 
Even where the United States have renegotiated agreements, this has typically resulted in greater 
restrictions on trade between the countries involved. For example, in March 2020, a new agreement 
between the United States, the United Mexican States, and Canada came into force, which replaced 
the North American Free Trade Agreement. The new agreement covers a wide range of products and, 
in particular, provides rules of origins for vehicles, which are intended to ensure that a certain proportion 
of the value of a given vehicle originates in the United States. As a result, suppliers are more and more 
restricted in setting up their manufacturing facilities and supply chains are becoming more complex.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
In addition, the imposition or threatened imposition of various trade tariffs by the United States has led 
to international frictions between a number of countries. Such frictions have been particularly 
pronounced between the United States and China. Following the imposition of tariffs on a multitude of 
goods by the United States in 2018, China responded by imposing its own tariffs on certain American 
goods. Even after the U.S. elections in 2020, it is currently unclear whether and when both sides will 
resolve their disputes and ultimately abolish these measures. Furthermore, the U.S. government has 
repeatedly threatened to impose tariffs on a number of other goods, including vehicles produced by 
European automotive manufacturers. To this end, it even investigated whether vehicle imports pose a 
threat to the national security of the United States in February 2019. 
Similarly, in 2020, the United States and the EU have imposed punitive tariffs on each other’s imports 
of certain goods, such as aircrafts and certain foods. Further countries such as Brazil or India are 
currently in the process of evaluating and implementing punitive tariffs. For MAHLE Group, this is 
primarily relevant with respect to metallic raw materials and components. 
If the ongoing trade conflict between the United States and a number of its key trade partners, in 
particular the European Union and China, is not resolved, and punitive tariffs continue to be imposed 
on products required by MAHLE Group, this could significantly interrupt trade between major world 
economies and increase the costs of raw materials and components and consequently have a material 
adverse effect on MAHLE Group’s earnings position as well as on the markets in which MAHLE Group 
operates and the global economy as a whole. 
New laws curbing the autonomy of Hong Kong and related public protests have led to growing tensions 
between China and Western democracies. Furthermore, ongoing political tensions, in particular in the 
Middle East and on the Korean peninsula may continue to impede international relations and global 
trade. 
Moreover, political developments like the discussions about diesel emissions and further driving bans 
for older diesel models as well as possible changes in the legal environment – such as a ban on 
passenger car combustion engines from a certain point in time in certain countries or regions – are 
major factors of uncertainty for the entire automotive industry, especially in Europe. 
These and any other unfavorable political or economic developments and conditions (including, inter 
alia, political or economic upheaval and the imposition of any import, investment or currency restrictions, 
including tariffs and import quotas or any restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and capital), in 
particular in the Group’s key markets in Europe, North and South America and Asia, could have a 
negative impact on MAHLE’s business, financial situation and results of operations. 
Risks related to MAHLE Group’s business activities 
Dependence on a limited number of major customers 
MAHLE Group generates the predominant part of its sales from a limited number of individual 
customers, primarily the major automotive manufacturers. In the financial year 2021, the ten largest 
customers of MAHLE Group accounted for approximately 50 per cent. of MAHLE Group’s sales. Thus, 
MAHLE Group is strongly dependent on maintaining the relationships with its major customers. If any 
of the major customers were to discontinue the business relationship with the Group, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
The risks resulting from MAHLE Group’s dependence on a limited number of major customers became 
particularly apparent in connection with the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global 
economy and the automotive industry in particular, which forced numerous automotive manufacturers 
to temporarily shut down their productions. As a result, MAHLE Group was also compelled to shut down 
facilities and experienced a significant drop in sales. Moreover, due to the ongoing shortage of 
semiconductors and other supply bottlenecks as well as plant closures and production adjustments at 
original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers (including those additionally caused by the war in 
Ukraine and resulting interruptions of supply chains), production capacities at several of MAHLE 
Group’s locations continued to be not fully utilized or have been (further) reduced and short-time work 
has been continued, extended or introduced (as applicable) in 2022. Significantly reduced production 
capacities at MAHLE Group’s major customers could result in MAHLE Group suffering substantial 
decreases in order intake and sales generation, which could, in turn, materially adversely affect the 
Group’s results of operations. Furthermore, MAHLE Group’s major customers have substantial

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
bargaining power with respect to price and other commercial terms (e.g. payment targets). Most OEM 
customers, for example, agree on annual price reduction initiatives and objectives with their suppliers. 
Such agreements force MAHLE Group to constantly improve its production process in order to reduce 
costs, in particular since the Group may not be able to pass price reductions on to its own suppliers. If 
MAHLE Group is not successful in these efforts, this could adversely affect its profit margins. Even if it 
can maintain a sufficient price level, key customers may require longer payment targets, which could 
adversely affect its liquidity. 
Some markets in which MAHLE Group offers its products are characterized by a small number of larger 
customers. MAHLE Group’s other markets, which currently have a diverse and balanced customer 
base, may change, for example as a result of consolidation among customers. Especially in the 
automotive aftermarket sector, there is an ongoing trend towards consolidation. In the future, customers 
in already consolidated markets or customers in other industries which are currently facing a 
consolidation process, could use their power to exert pressure on MAHLE Group’s prices and margins, 
which could, in turn, negatively affect the Group’s results of operations. The same holds true in case of 
automotive manufacturers deciding to reduce their outsourcing activities or to increase insourcing of 
activities. 
In addition, in some of MAHLE Group’s business units, customers have increasingly been moving their 
operations to other geographic areas, particularly to Asia. As a result, the share of customers in Europe 
and the Americas for these business units has decreased. While MAHLE Group could in some 
instances export the relevant products to Asia, transportation costs and tariffs could negatively affect 
margins, putting the relevant business unit at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, it may also lead 
to remaining customers having increased purchasing power and to less aggregate demand for MAHLE 
Group’s products in Europe. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
results of operations. 
Dependence on research and development as well as on the ability to adapt to new trends and 
technological changes 
MAHLE Group depends on its continued ability to develop new, improved and more cost-effective 
materials, methods, technologies and products, to produce the same in a cost-effective manner and to 
commercialize and distribute new products successfully. The trend towards commoditization and 
standardization in some of MAHLE Group’s markets has increased the importance of research and 
development in supporting overall margins, as MAHLE Group must offer even more specialized 
products that are intended to offer higher value to customers in order to achieve satisfactory margins. 
Moreover, the automotive industry is particularly influenced by trends like climate change (including the 
political climate targets), increasing urbanization or digitalization. These trends require innovative 
mobility solutions and pose new challenges for the automotive industry. In this respect, the focus is – 
in addition to the expansion of car-sharing services and local public transport – on the increasing 
electrification of the powertrain, the growing digital networking of vehicles and (partially) autonomous 
driving. This could also increase the risk for product cyber attacks, e.g. hacking of cars while driving. 
Digitalization is playing an increasingly important role, not only on the road, but also in MAHLE Group’s 
internal corporate processes, for example through topics such as Industry 4.0, Big Data and the 
automation of administrative and production-related processes. These megatrends are also 
accompanied by changes within MAHLE Group’s customer landscape, for example through new 
providers of electric vehicles or through innovative digital business models. 
MAHLE Group may not be able to successfully and constantly adapt, expand and improve its product 
portfolio, its research and development activities as well as its marketing strategy – in a timely manner 
and to the necessary extent – or may lack the capacity to invest the required level of human or financial 
resources in the development of new products required to respond to the existing trends and future 
changes. Competitors whose research and development of new products and services is already at a 
more advanced stage could be able to outperform MAHLE Group and to develop new types of materials 
or technologies with favorable characteristics, especially for regulatory purposes, or may improve 
existing products and technologies. The aforementioned trends could also attract new competitors with 
corresponding know-how that previously did not operate in the markets relevant for MAHLE Group. In 
addition, the market for a newly developed technology or product may unexpectedly decline or could 
even disappear. In such case, all or part of the Group’s investments in the development of the relevant 
technology or product, which might be substantial, may be lost to the extent MAHLE Group is not able 
to compensate the investments in research and development through high margins or otherwise. For

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
example, steel pistons for diesel engines have been developed as new technology by MAHLE Group 
and have been replacing aluminum pistons in diesel engines since 2014, however, the market for diesel 
engines is increasingly shrinking. Further, technological developments or improvements in processes 
may permit competitors to offer products at lower prices than MAHLE Group. For example, if MAHLE 
Group’s competitors develop more innovative and economically efficient production processes, the 
value of MAHLE Group’s proprietary production processes could be significantly reduced. 
In order to keep the pace with new trends and market developments, MAHLE Group is, inter alia, 
investing in new business areas, applications or even venture capital funding activities. These activities 
usually imply high uncertainty and risks. For example, a product risk could materialize as the products 
concerned may have little or no track record in the markets as they are largely untested and usually 
have high obsolescence rates. A duration risk could arise generally in case an extended funding 
becomes necessary in order to accommodate a longer gestation period. Another risk of particularly 
venture capital funding is that it is difficult to evaluate the new management and new business 
application without any prior track record. 
Should MAHLE Group not be able to continuously develop new, improved and more cost-effective 
technologies and to constantly adapt its product portfolio, its research and development activities and 
its marketing strategy to new trends and technological changes, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, competitive position and results of operations. 
Volatility in energy prices and factors impacting energy supply and prices, such as geopolitical conflicts 
and wars 
MAHLE Group requires large quantities of energy from various sources for use in its production 
facilities, the most important of which are oil, natural gas and electricity. 
In the light of the war in Ukraine, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and globally disturbed supply chains, 
the trend toward rising energy prices will most likely continue in the foreseeable future. In the last few 
months global energy markets have entered a period of unprecedented change. Transition to low-
carbon economy, together with the unsecure geopolitical situation and effects resulting from the COVID-
19 pandemic, lead to a strong upward trend in prices for energy commodities worldwide. In particular 
in Europe there is an extreme price volatility, new heights and unpredictable pricing for electricity and 
natural gas on the national energy exchanges. Moreover, the sanctions imposed by several countries 
(including, inter alia, the United States and the Member States of the European Union) against Russia 
in connection with the military invasion of Ukraine could lead to unpredictable reactions from Russia 
particularly resulting in a stoppage or disruption of gas supplies to Germany and other states of the 
European Union and further increasing gas and oil prices, which could lead to a delay or partial 
discontinuation of MAHLE Group’s, its customers’ and its suppliers’ production due to restricted energy 
supply or potentially make production uneconomical. 
The restructuring of the European and other regional energy systems in the coming years and the 
uncertainty regarding the cost recovery of the necessary measures, energy taxation and legislation as 
well as regulatory changes entails a high degree of uncertainty and risk for energy-intensive companies. 
In addition, changes to the legal, regulatory, tax and political conditions have led in the past, and may 
lead in the future, to increases in energy prices. 
This could result in significantly higher energy costs for MAHLE Group in the future. Any failure of 
MAHLE Group to pass on significantly higher energy costs to customers could have material adverse 
effects on its net assets and results of operations. In addition, higher energy costs can affect the prices 
of raw materials and transportation, which would increase MAHLE Group’s costs of goods purchased 
and purchasing expenses.  
Any of the factors described above could adversely affect MAHLE Group’s operations, revenue and 
profitability and thus its results of operations and financial position. 
Availability of, and fluctuation of prices of, semi-finished products and raw materials 
For the manufacturing of its products, MAHLE Group is dependent on the availability of certain 
materials, such as semi-finished products and raw materials (especially aluminum, steel, nickel, copper 
and resins). The availability and prices of semi-finished products and raw materials vary with market 
conditions and may be highly volatile. Some of the raw materials MAHLE Group is dependent on had

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
huge price hikes in 2021, even worse in the first quarter of 2022, and there is a risk of further significant 
increases of prices for raw materials and semi-finished products in 2022 and beyond, also in light of the 
war in Ukraine and increasing gas prices (see “Volatility in energy prices and factors impacting energy 
supply and prices, such as geopolitical conflicts and wars” above), with the prices of raw materials 
generally following the price trends of natural gas and crude oil. There have been in the past, and may 
be in the future, periods during which MAHLE Group may not be able to pass semi-finished product or 
raw material price increases on to customers. Moreover, there might be a time gap between price 
adjustments that MAHLE Group is confronted with by suppliers and the possibility to compensate for 
those through higher sale prices on the customer side. This could negatively affect MAHLE Group’s 
profitability, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on MAHLE Group’s results of operations 
and financial condition. Even in periods during which semi-finished product or raw material prices 
decrease, MAHLE Group may suffer decreasing operating profit margins if the prices of semi-finished 
products or raw materials decrease more slowly than the selling prices of MAHLE Group’s products.  
In addition, MAHLE Group is significantly affected by the development of the prices for crude oil and 
crude oil-based products (as a basic ingredient in many of MAHLE Group’s components). Changes in 
the price of crude oil have an impact on MAHLE Group’s production costs. Crude oil prices also 
influence fuel prices, which, in turn, directly influence the purchasing behavior of MAHLE Group’s 
customers. Although MAHLE Group tries to hedge price risks, e.g. by trading financial derivates for 
certain metals or by relying on medium-term purchase contracts with fixed pricing arrangements for raw 
materials such as steel and plastics, it cannot be ruled out that such hedging measures prove to be 
insufficient or not feasible to limit or prevent the relevant risks from materializing. 
Moreover, being part of a global, complex and interdependent industry and supply chains, MAHLE 
Group can face supply interruptions of raw and production materials and semi-finished products 
resulting from shortages, labor strikes, trade restrictions or supplier insolvencies or other factors, which 
had in the past, and could have in future, negative impacts on MAHLE Group. That limited availability 
of needed parts and materials poses a risk for MAHLE Group can be seen, for example, in recent and 
current drastic bottlenecks in MAHLE Group’s supply chains, e.g. for granulates. In addition, MAHLE 
Group was and is, to a significant extent, directly affected by the increasing shortage of semiconductors 
in 2020, 2021 and 2022 as well as by the shortage of polyamide (PA) 6.6 plastic resin in 2021. 
Consequently, the Group’s customers and also MAHLE Group may temporarily not be able to produce 
as planned, resulting in factory downtime, an adaption of the product mix or increased efforts for 
transportation. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic in particular had a significant impact on MAHLE 
Group’s procurement activities, especially due to lockdowns worldwide and resulting supply shortages. 
Should the relevant materials or parts temporarily not be available in the required volumes (e.g. due to 
closures or shutdowns of production facilities or a reduction of production capacities of suppliers as a 
consequence of the war in Ukraine or the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic) or quality, this could impair, 
delay or even temporarily disrupt the production of individual products of MAHLE Group. This 
dependency on the supply of certain materials and products therefore entails the risk that MAHLE Group 
might not be able to finish its products and deliver them to its customers in the contractually agreed 
volumes and time. A delay or disruption in the supply chain could result in sales losses and possibly 
long-term damage to the Group’s reputation as well as contractual penalties imposed by customers or 
cancellations of orders, which in turn could have material adverse effects on MAHLE Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
IT risks 
In a global, centralized, standardized IT environment, there is a risk of excessive dependence on a 
single service (also cloud based), a single system or a single data center. Therefore, unavailability of 
services or systems could have negative effects for the entire MAHLE Group. Due to its worldwide 
operations, MAHLE Group is heavily dependent on complex and consistent data models, global service 
and system availability and functioning supplier structures in information technology. As a result of the 
increasing digitalization in all areas of sales, administration and operations, and the complexity of 
electronic information and communication technology, MAHLE Group is exposed to various risks in this 
context, ranging from the loss, theft or manipulation of data, stoppages and interruptions to the 
business, to system and service failure. 
MAHLE Group depends on the efficient and uninterrupted connection of services (including cloud-
based services), network connections and the functionality of all of its on-premises systems such as 
servers and data processing systems. The uninterrupted availability of infrastructures and services to

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
defend against cyber risks and ensure regulatory conditions is also of crucial importance for MAHLE 
Group. In order to secure its operability, MAHLE Group maintains several IT centers around the world 
and, in addition, various backup facilities. 
To the extent MAHLE Group is not able to secure its data against cyber threats and attacks through its 
global information security management system, such attacks could adversely affect the general 
business activities of MAHLE Group and cause financial damage and thus adversely affect MAHLE 
Group’s earnings situation. 
If manipulation, an interruption or breakdown of MAHLE Group’s servers or data processing systems 
occurs, this may have a detrimental impact on MAHLE Group’s general business activities and its 
results of operations. 
MAHLE Group is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union and similar 
regulations. Unauthorized access to information stored by MAHLE Group by a third party may cause 
damage to MAHLE Group's reputation, constitute infringements of regulatory and criminal law and grant 
the affected persons a right to damage claims against MAHLE Group. Such events could have a 
detrimental impact on MAHLE Group’s general business activities, its financial position and results of 
operations. 
Dependence on a limited number of key suppliers 
For certain critical components (e.g. semiconductors, plastic granulates and steel), MAHLE Group relies 
on a limited number of key suppliers and the Group may become even more dependent as the number 
of systemic solutions the Group offers increases. In addition, many of its OEM customers have approval 
rights with respect to the suppliers used by the Group and such customers increasingly require the 
Group’s suppliers to meet higher standards with respect to low emissions as part of the manufacturing 
process. Consequently, the Group may not be able to source raw materials or components from other 
suppliers upon short notice and/or at the required volume if any one of its suppliers fails to meet its 
delivery obligations (e.g. due to an insolvency, employee strikes, or temporary closures, shutdowns or 
destructions of production facilities, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or a military conflict 
such as the war in Ukraine). Such failure could result in a shortage of raw materials required to 
manufacture the Group’s products, interruptions in its production processes, underutilization of its 
production sites, and ultimately cause delays in the delivery of products to its customers. 
If the Group’s suppliers fail to supply it with the components required for the manufacturing of its own 
products, its competitive position could be adversely affected, and it may be liable vis-à-vis its 
customers. 
Risks resulting from interruptions in operations 
MAHLE Group is exposed to risks of interruptions in operation, which could affect its ability to 
manufacture and sell its products. Such interruptions could occur in all countries in which MAHLE Group 
operates for a variety of reasons such as, for example, extreme weather, earthquakes, typhoons, flood 
and other natural disasters, fire, explosions, war, terrorist attacks, riots and unrest, strikes, accidents, 
electrical power outages, technical problems, mechanical failures, material delays or severe 
interruptions and fall outs at suppliers, or as a consequence of a global pandemic. Even if its production 
facilities are not directly damaged, such events could cause a significant worsening of the economic 
situation in the relevant area or in a country in which MAHLE Group operates. If any of those events 
occurred, the Group might not be able to shift its manufacturing operations to alternative sites in a timely 
manner or at all. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, MAHLE Group was forced to 
pause production in almost all plants worldwide and to temporarily close some main regional sites to 
break infection chains. Even where the Group is not required to suspend operations at one of its sites, 
production may suffer if a significant number of employees was unable to work, for example – and in 
light of the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in particular – due to illness. 
Despite the high technical and safety standards MAHLE Group applies to the construction, 
manufacturing, site offices, logistics and maintenance of its production sites in MAHLE Group’s 
operational business, operational disturbances cannot be ruled out and MAHLE Group might not be 
insured, or sufficiently insured, against corresponding damage and losses or insurance cover for such 
risks and damage might not be available. Should interruptions in operations occur, MAHLE Group could 
be unable to fulfill customer orders (in good time, quality or at all), suffer damage to its reputation, and

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
lose commitments from customers. This in turn could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
and results of operations. Depending on the reason for the disruption, MAHLE Group could incur 
significant costs to remedy the disruption if and to the extent the costs are not covered by existing 
insurance coverage, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. 
Performance risks 
Performance risks describe risks that have a negative impact on the course of business due to deficits 
in or external influences of the process or organizational procedures of MAHLE Group. The main risk 
potential in the operative course of business lies in the calculation of complex projects mostly running 
for a period of several years and in the technical and economic management thereof. Particularly, this 
includes unexpected technical problems, unpredictable developments at the project sites (including 
negative impacts due to political crises or armed conflicts) as well as problems with business partners. 
The success of such projects depends to a large extent on the sales-to-costs ratio being precisely 
calculated and projects being carried out according to plan and completed on time so that the costs 
remain within the range of the prices determined for the contract in question. Cost overruns can be 
caused by, among other things, inefficiencies, insufficient planning by MAHLE Group, miscalculations 
or project delays. As a consequence, profits could end up being less than expected or the project could 
potentially even lead to a loss. Should any of these performance risks materialize, this would have a 
material adverse effect on the financial position of MAHLE Group. 
Risks in connection with pensions and other benefit-related obligations 
Risks exist for MAHLE Group in connection with obligations relating to defined-benefit pension plans. 
Pension obligations to employees under such plans are measured based on actuarial reports. Future 
pension payments are discounted by reference to market yields on high-quality corporate bonds. These 
yields are subject to market fluctuation and influence the level of pension obligations. Furthermore, 
changes in other parameters, such as rising inflation, also have an impact on pension obligations. 
A minor share of MAHLE Group’s pension obligations are administered in external pension funds and 
the assets of those funds kept separate from MAHLE Group’s assets so that some of MAHLE Group’s 
pension obligations are settled out of pension fund assets. Pension fund assets are monitored 
continuously and managed from a risk-and-yield perspective. Despite this approach and MAHLE 
Group’s efforts to reduce the existing risks, e.g. by ensuring a broad spread of investments which are 
structured to coincide with the timing of pension payments and the expected pattern of pension 
obligations, it cannot be ruled out that such risks materialize and the efforts of MAHLE Group to hedge 
the risks could turn out to be insufficient or inadequate. 
MAHLE Group has entered into certain pension commitments to its existing and some of its former 
employees. These commitments are partially covered by a pension scheme, by pension funds, special 
purpose funds and insurance policies. The remainder is being accounted for by balance sheet reserves. 
The amount of the obligations is based on certain actuarial assumptions, which MAHLE Group 
considers reasonable, including discount factors, life expectancy, pension trends, future salary 
development as well as expected interest rates applicable to the plan assets. If the actual results deviate 
from these assumptions, in particular with regard to the discount factors, this will entail a considerable 
increase of the pension commitments and thus to higher allocations to the pension reserves in future 
years and reductions in earnings of MAHLE Group. This applies in particular in case of a reduction of 
the present value factor or an increase in the pension increase/inflation rate or salary rises.  
Should the actual pensions and other benefit-related obligations exceed the value of related fund assets 
or recognized reserves, this could result in considerable additional expenses of MAHLE Group and thus 
have significantly adverse effects on its net assets and financial position. 
Personnel risks 
Highly qualified and motivated employees are vital for MAHLE Group’s success. Fluctuation carries the 
risk of a loss of expertise. The knowledge and expertise of its employees constitute one of MAHLE 
Group's most important success factors. Therefore, it is essential for MAHLE Group to attract and 
employ sufficient numbers of qualified staff in all business areas, in particular in the areas of research 
and development, engineering, sales and management. In recent years, competition for employees with 
scientific, technical or industry-specific know-how has been intense and, in many areas, led to a 
significant increase of wages. This trend might accelerate with rising inflation rates in parts of MAHLE

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
Group’s production locations. MAHLE Group’s future success will continue to depend on its ability to 
recruit and retain highly qualified employees. MAHLE Group’s current employees may be hired by 
competitors. This risk is increased by the fact that many of MAHLE Group’s employees are regularly 
transferred between domestic and foreign production sites, further increasing their qualifications and 
mobility. 
There is no guarantee that in the future MAHLE Group will succeed in hiring and retaining the required 
number of qualified technical and management personnel. The loss of qualified employees or long-
lasting difficulties in hiring suitable employees could cause difficulties in implementing important 
decisions and measures and negatively affect MAHLE Group’s business activities, which could 
materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, MAHLE Group is continuously reviewing its portfolio, footprint and structure, in particular due 
to the ongoing transformation in the automotive industry. Restructuring measures are necessary from 
time to time and are regularly negotiated with the relevant employee representatives (if any in place) 
based on the legal framework of the respective country. Such restructuring measures may have 
temporarily negative effects on the Group’s business (lower productivity, fluctuation, strike measures 
etc.). 
Environmental and occupational safety risks 
MAHLE Group possesses a number of properties which are or were used industrially and which were 
in the past, and could be in the future, polluted as a consequence of such industrial use. MAHLE Group 
could potentially be held liable for existing or future pollution or other potential hazards on or in the 
environment of such properties. Environmental liabilities may also occur with regard to properties sold 
to third parties in the past. Moreover, MAHLE Group may be held liable as a polluter or legal successor 
of the polluter, regardless of the ownership in the property involved. 
In addition, although MAHLE Group implements technical, organizational and personal protective 
measures (including certification of plants according to ISO standards), conducts regular risk 
assessments and checks compliance with the goals and implementation of the measures through 
regular audits and inspections to minimize occupational risks and to make employees’ workplaces safe, 
occupational accidents have occurred at MAHLE Group from time to time in the past and it cannot be 
ruled out that further accidents will occur in future. 
Moreover, despite of the measures MAHLE Group has taken to mitigate the risks arising from the spread 
of COVID-19, it cannot be ruled out that the virus will, from time to time, spread within MAHLE Group’s 
workforce, resulting in illness, absenteeism and other negative consequences. 
If any of the aforementioned risks materialize, this could result in disruptions of MAHLE Group’s 
business operations, damage claims and damage to MAHLE Group’s reputation and have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial position. 
Risks related to MAHLE Group’s strategy as well as acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures 
and development partnerships 
Risks related to MAHLE Group’s strategy 
The business strategy of MAHLE Group includes, but is not limited to, acquisitions and investments in 
its business activities and the development of strategic partnerships as well as the launch of new 
locations. The success of the strategy depends on MAHLE Group’s ability to judge the market 
requirements correctly and to successfully implement the necessary steps, e.g. identify the right 
partners, acquire assets and/or shareholdings in companies on acceptable terms and find the most 
favorable future locations. 
Moreover, MAHLE Group is systematically pursuing a dual strategy. On the one hand, MAHLE Group 
is working intensively on the further optimization of the internal combustion engine, e.g. by making it 
climate-neutral, cleaner and more efficient, while at the same time striving for cost leadership in all of 
MAHLE Group’s activities related to internal combustion engines. To this end, MAHLE Group does not 
only rely on classic engine tests, but also uses, inter alia, innovations from the field of additive 
manufacturing/rapid prototyping for pistons or intercoolers as well as alternative fuels. At the same time, 
MAHLE Group is focusing more on the development of alternative drive concepts, such as battery-
based e-mobility, hybrid drives and fuel cell drives. Furthermore, MAHLE Group’s management believes

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
that trends like digitalization, the expansion of car-sharing services and local public transport, the 
growing digital networking of vehicles and (partially) autonomous driving will drive the automotive sector 
in the future. 
In accordance with this dual strategy, MAHLE Group took certain strategic decisions regarding its 
portfolio in recent years, disposing of certain business segments but at the same time investing in other 
strategic and promising sectors. Moreover, MAHLE Group invests significant financial and human 
resources in its group-wide research and development activities. 
Moreover, in recent years, MAHLE Group has initiated comprehensive cost-saving and restructuring 
programs against the background of technological transformation in the automotive industry and a 
challenging market environment. 
If MAHLE Group’s business strategies or restructuring measures are not effective or fail, or if the 
management’s expectations as regards trends and developments turn out to be incorrect, the relevant 
investments in research and development or other measures could turn out to be lost capital and 
MAHLE Group’s market position could be significantly and lastingly weakened, which ultimately could 
have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations. 
Risks arising from acquisitions and divestments of MAHLE Group 
In the past, MAHLE Group has engaged in acquisitions of businesses, companies and equity interests 
in companies, including venture capital participations, and it intends to make further acquisitions in the 
future in order to improve its competitive position and/or activities in target areas. Such acquisitions are 
preceded by an assessment and approval process consisting of several steps and stages. Despite this 
risk monitoring mechanism, it is possible that potential acquisition targets are misjudged, or a company 
acquired cannot be integrated into MAHLE Group as expected or at all. 
In some circumstances, MAHLE Group may re-adjust its financial investments and, for example, acquire 
further shares from related companies. If minority shareholders were to be paid out, there is a risk that 
MAHLE or any member of MAHLE Group, as a majority shareholder, has to pay larger premiums than 
expected. Furthermore, squeeze-outs might be challenged legally by minority shareholders and 
therefore postpone a final agreement. 
In the case of divestments, there is a risk that these prove in retrospect to have negative effects on 
MAHLE Group’s business activities and/or its financial positions as a whole or that the expected positive 
effects do not occur or not to the extent envisaged. Synergy effects, for instance, that have not been 
recognized or were wrongly assessed may cease to exist. MAHLE Group could also be subject to claims 
based on warranty provisions agreed to in divestment agreements. 
Risks arising from joint ventures or development partnerships 
In order to meet the rising pressure to increase productivity and to develop new complex systems in a 
time and cost efficient way, MAHLE Group entered into a significant number of joint ventures or 
development partnerships with third parties (with customers and with competitors as well), whereas 
such joint ventures or development partnerships are structured in a way that MAHLE Group acts either 
as majority or minority partner or on a pari passu basis together with its partners. Such joint ventures 
or development partnerships concern substantial parts of MAHLE Group’s business. 
Therefore, MAHLE Group is exposed to risks of disputes between the partners of such joint ventures 
or development partnerships and, in particular, if MAHLE Group only holds a minority interest in a joint 
venture or development partnership, that any business decisions or general developments with respect 
to such joint venture or development partnership (possibly against the will of MAHLE Group) could have 
a negative impact on MAHLE Group’s business activities or financial investment in such joint venture 
or development partnership. Where MAHLE Group has no controlling interest in a joint venture or 
development partnership, the performance and business will depend on the financial and strategic 
support of the other shareholder(s). Such other shareholder(s) may make ill-informed or inadequate 
management decisions or may fail to supply or be unwilling to supply the required operational, strategic 
and financial resources. Moreover, MAHLE Group may not have the power to control the payment of 
dividends or other distributions. As a result, even if the business is performing well, MAHLE Group might 
not receive payment of its share of any profits.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on MAHLE Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Financial risks related to MAHLE Group 
Market movements and associated developments in relevant exchange rates may have a negative 
impact on MAHLE Group’s cost basis and earnings and, consequently, its profitability. 
MAHLE Group operates worldwide and therefore uses different currencies to procure raw materials and 
components or sell its products. For this reason, MAHLE Group is exposed to exchange rate risks. In 
the financial year 2021, with the exception of the Chinese renminbi and the Mexican peso, almost all 
trading currencies of particular relevance for MAHLE Group lost value against the euro, measured by 
the average market price (direct quotation). Compared with the previous year, the Turkish lira (-23 per 
cent.), the Argentine peso (-11 per cent.), the Brazilian real (-8 per cent.), the Japanese yen (-6 per 
cent.), and the U.S. dollar (-4 per cent.) all depreciated against the euro, in some cases significantly. 
On the procurement side, currency exchange rate fluctuations affect MAHLE Group as, for example, 
many raw materials are usually purchased in U.S. dollar. Hence, a stronger U.S. dollar could represent 
a further price risk for MAHLE Group companies that are outside of the United States and whose 
currency is not tied to the U.S. dollar. 
The devaluation of important trading currencies against the euro adversely affected MAHLE Group’s 
sales by EUR 177 million in the financial year 2021.  
MAHLE Group manages currency risks both at a strategic (medium and long term) and at an operating 
level (short and medium term). In the medium and long term, foreign exchange risks are managed by 
“natural hedging”, i.e. by increasing the volume of purchases denominated in foreign currency or 
increasing the volume of local production. For operating purposes (short and medium term), currency 
risks are hedged on the financial markets through forecast-free hedging transactions. 
Despite MAHLE Group’s efforts to hedge currency exchange rate risks, it cannot be ruled out that the 
exchange rates for euro and foreign trading currencies of major importance for MAHLE Group will 
continue to undergo strong fluctuations. Both an appreciation (on the sales side) and a depreciation (on 
the procurement side) of the euro relative to the relevant foreign currency could adversely affect MAHLE 
Group’s financial position to the extent MAHLE Group is not able to manage risks resulting from 
currency exchange fluctuations effectively. For this reason, MAHLE Group is dependent on the regular 
monitoring of its receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies and on concluding appropriate currency 
hedging transactions at favorable conditions. Should MAHLE Group fail in doing so, this could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group’s cost basis and earnings and, consequently, its profitability. 
The terms of MAHLE Group’s existing debt financings (both outstanding and undrawn) could restrict its 
financial and operational flexibility. 
Some of the financing agreements MAHLE Group has entered into with banks, other financial 
institutions or other creditors (including, inter alia, the revolving credit facility agreement and the 
promissory note loan agreements entered into by MAHLE GmbH as borrower) contain restrictions, 
undertakings, warranties, limitations as to further financing, covenants and definitions of events of 
default which may reduce MAHLE Group’s financial and operational flexibility. In light of the cyclical 
nature of MAHLE Group’s business and other market and business-related risks, MAHLE Group may 
not be able to maintain its current sales and profitability at the levels required for complying with the 
terms of the financing agreements. Through cross-default clauses, the breach of covenants or other 
obligations of one or more financing agreements may lead to a default under other financing 
agreements. Any such restrictions contained in MAHLE Group’s financing arrangements could also 
have a material adverse effect on its ability to react to changes in its business environment and its ability 
to incur additional debt to fund future liquidity requirements or refinancings. In addition, change of 
control clauses may require MAHLE Group to early repay its debt. If MAHLE Group cannot meet its 
repayment obligations, it may have to pursue financial restructuring, which may be achieved only at 
increased cost or not at all.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
Credit market conditions may restrict MAHLE Group’s ability to obtain credit facilities or to refinance its 
existing debt facilities in the longer term and may lead to higher costs associated with interest payments. 
Conditions in the credit markets may be challenging and financial institutions may apply very stringent 
lending criteria to the approval of any commercial lending transaction. If market conditions, or financial 
and economic conditions deteriorate (also due to stricter capital requirements applicable for financial 
institutions), it may be more costly and more difficult for MAHLE Group to refinance its debt as it falls 
due on terms that are acceptable to it, or at all. 
If MAHLE Group is unable to refinance its existing financial indebtedness or access new financing, this 
may have material adverse effects on MAHLE Group’s business, net assets, financial condition and 
results of operations in the longer term. 
MAHLE Group is exposed to liquidity and interest rate risks. 
Liquidity risks can arise in the form of rising refinancing costs on the one hand and restricted access to 
funds on the other. In particular in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine, the 
risk of not having available sufficient liquid funds has increased. A lack of sufficient liquid funds could 
limit the operative and financial flexibility of MAHLE Group. 
Interest rate risks relate to potential losses caused by changes in market interest rates and can arise 
when fixed interest rate periods for assets and liabilities recognized in the balance sheet do not match. 
A general rise in interest rates could increase MAHLE Group’s financing expenses. 
MAHLE Group has implemented systems and means to monitor, control and hedge liquidity and interest 
rate risks. However, in particular in times of unfavorable economic and market conditions, it cannot be 
guaranteed that MAHLE Group will always have sufficient liquid funds, nor can it be ruled out that 
interest rates develop to MAHLE Group’s disadvantage. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks related to MAHLE Group 
Warranty risks and product liability claims 
MAHLE Group’s future profitability depends on the ability to offer competitive prices while maintaining 
a high level of quality. MAHLE Group is required to comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and 
standards in each of the many jurisdictions in which it does business. The products offered by MAHLE 
Group must satisfy strict regulatory and customer requirements in terms of quality and safety. A 
shrinking product quality could severely damage MAHLE Group’s image as a manufacturer and thereby 
negatively affect its future sales and, as a consequence, its future operative results. Additionally, 
component parts or assembly defects could require MAHLE Group or its customers, in particular in the 
automotive sector, to undertake service actions and recall campaigns. 
Product defects lead to liability risks and the need for costly replacement measures. MAHLE Group has 
to conduct a careful product development and extensive quality management, including intensive 
market monitoring. Additionally, it might be necessary for MAHLE Group to take appropriate insurance 
policies and other precautionary measures. Warranty claims and claims for damages against MAHLE 
Group, including the defense against such claims, could result in substantial payment obligations and 
expenses that might not be covered by any existing insurance coverage or could exceed the amount of 
provisions recognized, which could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of MAHLE Group. 
In particular due to difficulties in predicting the outcome of proceedings in the United States, where first-
instance decisions are generally made by layperson juries, there is no guarantee that individual product 
liability claims will not exceed the related provisions or insurance cover. 
Potential damages claimed by customers, delayed deliveries, or MAHLE Group’s failure to perform 
quality requirements could negatively affect the market acceptance of other products of MAHLE Group 
and its market reputation in various market segments.  
Despite its quality management system in place, product defects and quality problems have occurred 
from time to time in the past and it cannot be ruled out that they will also occur in future. The realization 
of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on MAHLE Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
Risks resulting from legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings 
Entities of MAHLE Group are regularly involved in legal disputes and administrative and arbitration 
proceedings relating to, inter alia, warranty claims, product liability, infringement of protected rights, 
patents or antitrust rules. Moreover, legal disputes with MAHLE Group’s customers may arise as a 
result of shortages or supply bottlenecks (including, but not limited to, those caused by the war in 
Ukraine, related sanctions or the COVID-19 pandemic) of semiconductors, other raw materials or 
components required for the manufacturing of MAHLE Group’s products. Such disputes and 
proceedings could result in substantial payment obligations of, or costs to be borne by, the Group. 
Particularly in the U.S. market, class action lawsuits and product liability risks can give rise to substantial 
financial payment obligations and cause reputational damage. It cannot be ruled out that losses from 
damages could arise which are not, or which are not fully, covered by insurance policies or provisions. 
Legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings could thus have a material adverse effect on MAHLE 
Group’s reputation, financial position and profitability. 
Risk of violations of applicable laws and regulations  
MAHLE Group conducts its activities in the context of vast, constantly changing and partly highly 
complex national and international laws and regulations. The regulatory framework includes, inter alia, 
provisions on environmental protection (such as laws on the reduction of emissions of greenhouse gas 
and respirable dust and the increase of efficiency of engines of cars and raising safety standards) and 
hazardous substances as well as export control regulations. Moreover, MAHLE Group has to observe 
numerous national and international safety and administration rules as well as related procedures and 
standards regarding the construction, operation and maintenance of production sites and other 
buildings, machines and plants required for its business activities. 
Changes in the regulatory environment may impair MAHLE Group’s sales and earnings performance 
in specific markets or economic regions. There is a potential risk that, in particular in several emerging 
countries in which MAHLE Group is active and operates production locations, MAHLE Group could be 
affected by expropriation measures or by the withdrawal of licenses. 
MAHLE Group, as a producing company, which, as part of its operating business, maintains large 
production sites, is exposed to liability risks in connection with environmental law. Although MAHLE 
Group has established and implemented strict rules on the compliance with environmental protection 
laws, the outcome of individual proceedings cannot be reliably predicted due to the uncertainties always 
associated with legal disputes and administrative proceedings. 
Any violation of applicable laws and regulations may result in fines and penalties, monetary and 
reputational damages, third-party liabilities, limitations on its business operations and site closures, all 
of which could adversely affect MAHLE Group’s competitive position, sales and profitability. Moreover, 
the Group’s reputation may suffer if products fail to comply with legal requirements, in particular laws 
and regulations aimed at improving product safety. 
In addition, MAHLE Group’s international operations require it to comply with trade and economic 
sanctions and restrictions, in particular those imposed by the European Union and the United States. If 
MAHLE Group fails to comply with such laws, it may be subject to fines and legal sanctions. New 
sanctions, embargoes or other restrictions with respect to additional countries or goods could prevent 
MAHLE Group from continuing to market its products and operate its business as currently conducted 
in the relevant countries.  
Compliance risks 
MAHLE Group has established a compliance organization aimed at ensuring that its representative 
bodies, managers and staff act in a lawful manner at all times. Despite of these measures, given the 
global scope of MAHLE Group’s operations and, in particular, the fact that corruption and collusion are 
widespread in certain of the countries in which it operates, there remains a risk that employees do not 
act in compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including antitrust or anti-corruption laws) and 
that the Group’s compliance organization cannot prevent or detect such violations. If MAHLE Group’s 
employees actually or allegedly engage in corruption, fraud or other unlawful conduct, the Group could 
be subject to administrative, civil or criminal fines or other sanctions, such as the loss of business 
licenses, and its reputation and business relationships may suffer. This could have material adverse 
effects on MAHLE Group’s financial condition, results of operations and competitive position.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
MAHLE Group may not be able to protect adequately its intellectual property and know-how, and 
infringements of intellectual property rights could occur. 
MAHLE Group holds a large number of patents and other intellectual property rights that are of 
considerable importance for its business success. Third parties may infringe MAHLE Group’s patents 
or other intellectual property rights, and MAHLE Group may not be able to stop any such infringement. 
In some of the countries in which MAHLE Group operates, patent or trademark protection may be 
significantly weaker than in the United States or the European Union. Piracy of patent- or trademark-
protected intellectual property has often occurred in recent years, particularly in some Asian and 
Eastern European countries, where MAHLE Group has faced and may continue to face challenges in 
enforcing its intellectual property rights. These countries could also facilitate competition within their 
markets from counterfeit manufacturers who would otherwise be unable to introduce competing 
products for a number of years. If MAHLE Group is unable to adequately protect its patents and 
intellectual property, its financial position could be adversely affected. MAHLE Group currently does not 
expect any proposed patent or trademark law modifications to affect it materially. Nevertheless, if a 
country in which MAHLE Group sells a substantial volume of an important product were effectively to 
invalidate MAHLE Group's patent or trademark rights in that product, MAHLE Group's sales could 
suffer. 
On the other hand, given that the intellectual property laws and the extent of patent or trademark 
protection vary from country to country in which MAHLE Group operates, there is also the risk that 
MAHLE Group itself might inadvertently infringe, or be alleged to have infringed, the rights of third 
parties, since competitors, suppliers or customers also apply for and obtain a large number of 
intellectual property rights. Patent holders have approached MAHLE Group in the past, and may 
approach MAHLE Group in the future, alleging that MAHLE Group has infringed their intellectual 
property rights, and it is from time to time a defendant in patent-related proceedings. The same could 
hold true for former or present employees who made or make employee inventions that MAHLE Group 
missed or misses to properly claim in a timely manner so that the relevant inventor continues to be the 
owner of the respective right. 
In addition, MAHLE Group cannot guarantee that all of the patents it has applied for, or plans to apply 
for, will be granted in each of the countries in which it seeks protection. Patents generally expire after a 
certain period, allowing competitors to use freely the patented technology. 
Non-patentable or non-patented business secrets and non-confidential and confidential know-how 
including processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise, 
methods and compounds are crucial for the success of MAHLE Group’s business, in particular in areas 
with technically sophisticated products and production processes. There is a risk, which has 
materialized occasionally in the past, that competitors could obtain priority patent protection for products 
and production processes that MAHLE Group produces or uses on a non-patented basis in certain 
countries. This could adversely affect the distribution and sale of MAHLE Group’s products or impair 
the use of the affected production processes or lead to an obligation to pay licensing fees in these 
countries. 
The existence of effective intellectual property rights cannot always be determined unambiguously in 
relation to certain processes, methods and applications. Consequently, MAHLE Group might be 
prohibited from producing, importing or using relevant technologies in certain countries or may be liable 
to pay damages. MAHLE Group may also have to obtain third-party licenses to gain access to 
technology, which could entail considerable costs. MAHLE Group may be unable to acquire licenses 
that it will need for its future business with the appropriate scope, under acceptable conditions or at all. 
In addition, licenses MAHLE Group currently holds may not continue to be effective, and it may be 
prevented from making or marketing products. 
If MAHLE Group is unable to protect its intellectual property, MAHLE Group’s ability to profit from its 
technology may be limited or its future profits may decrease as a result, insofar as other manufacturers 
can make or market products that are similar to the products developed by MAHLE Group. This could 
affect MAHLE Group’s competitive position, and any resulting drop in sales could have material adverse 
effects on MAHLE Group’s business, competitive position and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
Tax audits may lead to an increase of MAHLE Group’s tax burden 
MAHLE GmbH and many of its subsidiaries in various jurisdictions are subject to routine tax audits by 
the competent tax authorities. In (ongoing or future) tax audits, tax authorities may interpret tax laws or 
relevant facts (for example in relation to acquisitions and restructuring activities or in the area of transfer 
pricing) in a manner deviating from the Group’s view, which could substantially increase its tax burden, 
including through the imposition of interest or penalty payments. MAHLE Group has set up tax 
provisions to address potential future tax liabilities, however, such provisions may prove to be 
insufficient. A substantial increase in the tax burden of MAHLE Group could have a material negative 
effect on its financial position and profitability. 
Risks relating to ESG ratings 
ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of MAHLE Group’s current or future operating or financial 
performance 
MAHLE’s exposure to ESG risks and impacts and the related management arrangements established 
to mitigate those risks and impacts has been assessed by EcoVadis and CDP, and may be assessed 
by further agencies in the future, among others, through ESG ratings. ESG ratings may vary amongst 
ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. ESG ratings 
are not necessarily indicative of MAHLE Group’s current or future operating or financial performance, 
or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings 
information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, 
ESG ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such 
ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination 
and award of ESG ratings. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) 
shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Credit Risk 
Any investor in Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other 
person. Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the investor’s risk of loss. 
A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest 
and/or redemption payments. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group’s debt to the extent such debt is secured by 
assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer’s ability to provide asset security for the benefit 
of other debt and require the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit 
of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide 
equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent 
the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes 
will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately 
more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer 
may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors 
of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and 
guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the 
subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up 
or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar 
proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including 
holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to 
distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make 
payments on the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal at all. 
Risk of a decrease of the market value of the Notes if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates 
The materialization of any of the risks relating to the Issuer, as referred to above, may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due in which case the market value 
of the Notes may suffer. In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully 
perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due actually has not decreased, market 
participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants may in particular be of such 
opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or 
debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change.  
If any of these risks occur, third parties might only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower price than 
before the materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore decrease. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes and are subject to revision, 
suspension, or withdrawal at any time. 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH has assigned a “Ba1” rating to MAHLE GmbH. This rating and any future 
credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and any Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance 
can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating 
will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances 
so warrant. Any suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes 
by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of 
our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore exposed to the risk 
of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which might materialize if the Holders 
sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final 
maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus 
to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may 
not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid 
secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that 
the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If 
Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult 
to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor is subject 
to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to 
sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced 
by inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on the Notes. If the inflation rate is 
equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
Risks related to the specific terms and conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will 
be subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
(make-whole call) or for a minimal outstanding principal amount if at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is equal to or less than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes of the series previously issued (clean-up call). 
In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if it is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions.  
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that, due 
to such early redemption, his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be 
expected to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has 
fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a lower yield and, therefore, on less favorable conditions as compared to the 
original investment. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right 
if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event, an investor will not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, 
however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a 
call date. 
Currency risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) is particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates, which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a 
corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other 
than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the 
value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal 
payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Events of Default 
Holders may declare their Notes due and payable under § 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
in the event of, inter alia, (i) a non-payment for 15 days (§ 9(1)(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), or (ii) a breach of other obligations under the Notes for 30 days (§ 9(1)(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), or (iii) a payment default (Verzug) of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for 
30 days under any Capital Markets Indebtedness with a minimum amount of EUR 50,000,000 (§ 9(1)(c) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), unless the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable, contests in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee 
or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect of such obligations, is enforced 
on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or (iv) certain events related to insolvency or winding 
up of the Issuer (§ 9(1)(d) through (h) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes).

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
Investors in the Notes should be aware that, in the case of the event of default under § 9(1)(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and in the absence of a payment default (Verzug), the Notes can 
only be accelerated after the relevant Capital Markets Indebtedness, inter alia, has been cancelled or 
revoked or, if the relevant creditor has declared such Capital Markets Indebtedness due and payable 
in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions for such Capital Markets Indebtedness. Therefore, 
it is likely that the respective creditor or creditors of such Capital Markets Indebtedness have a due and 
payable claim for payment of principal and interest under such Capital Markets Indebtedness before 
the claim for repayment of principal and interest under the Notes by a Holder pursuant to § 9(1)(c) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes becomes due and payable. Therefore, it cannot be excluded 
that a later due date for payments to the Holders caused thereby results in disadvantages of the Holders 
compared to such other creditor or creditors. 
In the case of an event of default under § 9(1)(b) and/or (c) of the Terms and Conditions and in the 
absence of any other event of default pursuant to § 9 of the Terms and Conditions, a Holder declaring 
its Notes due and payable is subject to the fulfilment of the condition that Holders of at least 10 per cent. 
in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have also declared their Notes due and payable. 
Therefore, a particular Holder will only be able to claim repayment under its Notes from the Issuer 
pursuant to § 9(1)(b) and (c) of the Terms and Conditions if and when such quorum is met. As a 
consequence, if at any time only Holders representing less than 10 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes declare their Notes due and payable pursuant to § 9(1)(b) and/or (c) of the Terms 
and Conditions, their Notes will remain outstanding until the Maturity Date. Holders may decide that a 
request of other Holders holding at least one-tenth in principal amount of Notes then outstanding to 
declare their Notes due in the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and/or (c) of the Terms and Conditions shall 
not become effective. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A Holder of fixed rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a 
result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on 
the capital market (“market interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest 
rate changes, the price of fixed rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the price of fixed rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of fixed rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to 
the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of fixed rate Notes holds such Notes until 
maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the Notes will be 
redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A Holder of floating rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the 
profitability of floating rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication 
of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed “benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) have 
become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”), which 
is fully applicable since January 1, 2018.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including 
in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorization 
or is registered and, in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator’s legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmarks 
Regulation), the administrator is recognized (Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the 
Benchmark is endorsed (Art. 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Notes, including the calculation agent’s determination of the rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, 
initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of 
Benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or 
Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until 
maturity of the floating rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of 
interest. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have 
a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
Resolutions of Holders 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of Holders passed by vote taken without a meeting (or if required 
pursuant to §§ 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2, 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG in a meeting of 
Holders) a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As 
such majority resolution is binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under 
the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders’ Representative 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders’ Representative, either in the Terms and 
Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its 
right to individually pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, 
such right passing to the Holders’ Representative who is then exclusively entitled to claim and enforce 
the rights of all the Holders. 
Risks relating to laws and regulations applicable to the Notes  
Holders are subject to tax risks. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised not to rely on the tax overview contained in this Prospectus but to ask for their 
own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to subscribing, purchasing, holding 
and disposing of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position duly to consider the specific situation 
of the potential investor.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (the “Conditions”). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the “Terms and Conditions”) as further 
completed by the Final Terms as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
– 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; and 
– 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which 
of the Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, 
shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and 
completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms 
and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions 
will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially 
distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue 
by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I and 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have 
the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include 
the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer 
to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein 
it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
– 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic 
of Germany, German will be the controlling language.  
– 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
DESCRIPTION OF MAHLE GMBH AND MAHLE GROUP 
Formation, Incorporation and Registered Office 
MAHLE GmbH (“MAHLE” or the “Issuer” and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “MAHLE 
Group”, the “Group” or “we”) is a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) 
under German law, having its registered office at Pragstraße 26-46, 70376 Stuttgart, Germany 
(telephone: +49 711 501 0). MAHLE GmbH is registered in the commercial register (Handelsregister) 
of the local court of Stuttgart (Amtsgericht Stuttgart) under HRB 638. MAHLE GmbH was established 
and first registered in the commercial register (Handelsregister) on March 20, 1943 and operates under 
German law. The legal name of the Issuer is “MAHLE GmbH”. The Issuer and its subsidiaries conduct 
their business under the commercial name “MAHLE”. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of MAHLE GmbH 
is 52990098TR1QJBWIYG58.  
The website of MAHLE is www.mahle.com. The information on the website does not form part of this 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Selected Financial Information  
Investors should read the information below together with the consolidated financial statements of 
MAHLE, including the notes thereto, and the other financial information that is included elsewhere in, 
or incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus. 
The following tables show selected consolidated financial information of MAHLE Group. Financial 
information marked “audited” has been extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of 
MAHLE as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 prepared 
in accordance with German general accounting standards pursuant to the German Commercial Code 
(HGB), whereas financial information marked “unaudited” has not been extracted from those audited 
consolidated financial statements but from the internal reporting system of MAHLE Group or is based 
on calculations of figures stemming from the above-mentioned sources: 
(in million EUR and audited,  
unless otherwise indicated) 
January 1, 2021 - 
December 31, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
December 31, 2020 
Sales  
10,933.1 
9,773.9 
EBITDA 1) 2) 5) 10) 
793.3 
434.7 
EBITDA margin (in %) 1) 3) 10) 
7.3 
4.4 
EBIT 1) 4) 5) 10) 
168.8 
-191.8 
Result from business activities 
57.9 
-302.1 
Consolidated net loss 
-108.1 
-433.7 
Net income margin (in %) 1) 6) 10) 
-1.0 
-4.4 
Cash flows from operating activities 
365.6 
876.5 
Cash flows from investing activities 
-382.6 
-464.1 
Cash flows from financing activities 
345.1 
-133.0 
 
(in million EUR and audited,  
unless otherwise indicated) 
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020 
Total assets 
8,588.1 
8,081.9 
Total equity 
2,050.0 
2,088.7 
Equity ratio (in %) 1) 7) 10) 
23.9 
25.8 
Liabilities with a remaining term of up 
to one year 
2,226.2 
1,993.4

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
Liabilities with a remaining term of 
more than one year 
1,565.3 
1,401.2 
Thereof liabilities with a remaining 
term of more than five years 
820.8 
180.3 
Net debt 1) 8) 10) 
1,056.0 
925.4 
Net debt / EBITDA ratio 1) 9) 10) 
1.3 
2.1 
 
1) Alternative Performance Measure which is not recognized as a performance indicator under HGB. Alternative Performance 
Measures are used by MAHLE’s management to monitor the performance of MAHLE Group and are intended to 
supplement investors’ understanding of MAHLE Group’s financial information by providing indicators which investors may 
find helpful. Alternative Performance Measures must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with HGB included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on Alternative Performance Measures and are also advised to review them in 
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of MAHLE GmbH as of and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 including the related notes thereto incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. Alternative Performance Measures presented by MAHLE may not be comparable to measures used by other 
companies due to differences in the way of calculation even if these measures use similar terminology. 
2) “EBITDA” is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and impairments of intangible and 
tangible fixed assets and corresponds to EBIT before depreciation, amortization, and impairments of intangible and tangible 
fixed assets as shown in the respective notes to the consolidated financial statements for the periods indicated. MAHLE’s 
management reports EBITDA because it helps the management to judge the operating performance of MAHLE Group.  
3) “EBITDA margin” means EBITDA as a percentage of sales. 
4) “EBIT” is defined as earnings before interest and taxes and corresponds to consolidated net loss / net income for the year 
before taxes on income, interest and similar expenses, other interest and similar income, income from other securities and 
long-term loans, income from financing from currency translation, income from financing from financial instruments, 
expenses from financing from currency translation and expenses from financing from financial instruments as shown in the 
respective consolidated income statements and respective notes to the consolidated financial statements for the periods 
indicated. MAHLE’s management reports EBIT because it helps the management to judge the operating performance of 
MAHLE Group.  
5) The following table contains a reconciliation of EBIT and EBITDA for the relevant periods: 
(in million EUR and audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
January 1, 2021 -
December 31, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
December 31, 2020 
Consolidated net loss 
-108.1 
-433.7 
Taxes on income 
-138.7 
-98.2 
Interest and similar expenses 
-147.5 
-141.7 
Other interest and similar income 
17.1 
31.3 
Income from other securities and long-term loans 
0.0 
0.2 
Net income and expenses from financing from currency 
translation and financial instruments 10) 
-7.8 
-33.5 
EBIT 10) 
168.8 
-191.8 
Depreciation, amortization and impairments of intangible and 
tangible fixed assets 
-624.4 
-626.6 
EBITDA 10) 
793.3 
434.7 
6) “Net income margin” means consolidated net loss / net income as a percentage of sales. 
7) “Equity ratio” means equity as a percentage of total assets. 
8) “Net debt” is defined as the sum of “bonds” and “liabilities to banks” net of “cash in hand, bank balances, and checks” and 
is primarily used by MAHLE’s management to calculate the “Net debt / EBITDA ratio”. 
(in million EUR and audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
December 31, 
2021 
December 31, 
2020 
Bonds 
1,280.0 
830.0 
+ 
Liabilities to banks 
885.7 
966.0 
- 
Cash in hand, bank balances, and checks
1,109.7
870.6 
Net debt 10) 
1,056.0
925.4 
9) “Net debt / EBITDA ratio” is calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA and is used by MAHLE’s management to evaluate 
MAHLE Group’s financing structure. 
10) Unaudited.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
Historical Financial Information 
As detailed in this Prospectus under “Documents incorporated by reference”, the audited consolidated 
financial statements of MAHLE as of and for the financial years ended on December 31, 2020 and 
December 31, 2021, respectively, and the independent auditor’s reports thereon are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
MAHLE’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with German general 
accounting standards pursuant to the German Commercial Code (HGB). 
History and Development 
MAHLE Group’s business activities can be traced back to the 1920s, when one of the founders of 
MAHLE Group, Hermann Mahle, joined the company “Versuchsbau Hellmuth Hirth”. Only two years 
later Ernst Mahle joined the company, which was renamed “Elektronmetall G.m.b.H, Stuttgart-
Cannstatt” in 1924, a company specialized in the production of pistons and air, oil and fuel filters. After 
becoming sole shareholders, Hermann and Ernst Mahle converted the company into MAHLE KG and 
introduced the MAHLE logo in 1938. In 1959, MAHLE Group expanded its business by founding its first 
foreign subsidiary in France. In 1964, MAHLE-STIFTUNG GmbH (“MAHLE-STIFTUNG”) and 
MABEG – Verein zur Förderung und Beratung der MAHLE-Gruppe e.V. (“MABEG”) were established 
and introduced as the shareholders of MAHLE KG and, in 1971, MAHLE KG and several other 
companies were consolidated and merged into MAHLE GmbH. During the following years, MAHLE 
Group continued its expansion through the acquisition and establishment of further subsidiaries. In 
2013, MAHLE took over the majority of shares in the Behr Group. With that increase in shares, the 
MAHLE Behr joint ventures formed the new Thermal Management Business Unit of MAHLE Group. 
Further acquisitions, especially within the area of Thermal Management but also to expand the 
Electronics and Mechatronics business, followed. Finally, in 2020, the Business Unit Electronics and 
Mechatronics was introduced. 
Through its affiliation with MAHLE-STIFTUNG, MAHLE Group is associated with a number of pro bono 
and other socially beneficial activities, e.g. by supporting various help projects worldwide together with 
MAHLE-STIFTUNG. 
Today, MAHLE Group is a global manufacturer of automotive and engine components and systems, 
being present in almost all regions of the world, operating through approximately 160 production 
locations as well as 12 major research and development centers around the world.  
Corporate Purpose 
According to Section 2 of its articles of association, MAHLE’s corporate purpose is the development, 
production and distribution of technical products for the automotive and engine industry and for the 
mechanical engineering, construction engineering and apparatus engineering sectors, including any 
other industrial goods, standing in connection therewith. 
MAHLE is authorized to commence with the production and distribution of similar goods and to 
undertake all measures necessary to that end. Furthermore, in order to reach its corporate purpose, 
MAHLE is entitled to establish, acquire or take shares in or operate similar or comparable companies 
within Germany or abroad, to expand its business activities to other related sectors of any kind or to 
found branches. 
MAHLE Group Structure 
As of the date of this Prospectus, MAHLE GmbH is the ultimate parent company of MAHLE Group. 
MAHLE GmbH holds directly or indirectly 152 (23 domestic and 129 foreign) fully consolidated 
companies, 13 companies were consolidated proportionately according to the percentage of shares, 
and seven companies were valued according to the equity method. Although MAHLE is predominantly 
active as a holding company, it still carries on directly operative activities at various production locations. 
The shareholdings of MAHLE in its subsidiaries can be broken down into the following four sections: 
(i)  
fully consolidated direct or indirect subsidiaries;

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
(ii)  
affiliated companies which are not consolidated due to their immateriality for the presentation of 
net assets and financial position; 
(iii)  
proportionately consolidated joint companies; and 
(iv)  
associated companies, consolidated using the equity method. 
Each section can be further broken down into sub-sections showing the direct and indirect subsidiaries 
of MAHLE and, in addition, further major sub-groups of MAHLE Group whose respective sub-group 
holding company is only partially owned by MAHLE while their respective subsidiaries are directly or 
indirectly owned by the relevant sub-group holding company. 
These major sub-groups are “MAHLE Behr GmbH & Co. KG” and its respective subsidiaries, “MAHLE 
Metal Leve S.A.” and its respective subsidiaries and “MAHLE Industrial Thermal Systems 
GmbH & Co. KG” and its respective subsidiaries. 
The participations in MAHLE Behr GmbH & Co. KG and MAHLE Behr Verwaltung GmbH, which are 
directly held by MAHLE Beteiligungen GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MAHLE GmbH, have been 
gradually increased over the past years through the acquisition of shares from the other shareholders 
of these entities and might be further increased in the future. The acquisition of shares from the other 
shareholders is based on an existing agreement pursuant to which (i) MAHLE Beteiligungen GmbH has 
a call option to acquire annually additional 5 per cent. of the shares in MAHLE Behr GmbH & Co. KG 
and MAHLE Behr Verwaltung GmbH from the other shareholders, and (ii) the other shareholders have 
in turn a put option to sell annually 5 per cent. of their remaining shares to MAHLE Beteiligungen GmbH. 
Most recently, MAHLE Beteiligungen GmbH has increased its shareholdings in MAHLE Behr 
GmbH & Co. KG and MAHLE Behr Verwaltung GmbH from 70.71 per cent. to 75.71 per cent. as of 
January 1, 2022. 
The following chart gives a simplified overview of how MAHLE Group is structured as of the date of this 
Prospectus. The shareholdings show direct and/or indirect stakes in the relevant subsidiary. 
 
* The remaining 40 per cent. of the shares in MAHLE Industrial Thermal Systems GmbH & Co. KG are held by MAHLE Behr 
GmbH & Co. KG. 
0.1% 
MABEG 
99.9%  
MAHLE- 
STIFTUNG GmbH 
MAHLE GmbH 
Subsidiaries of  
MAHLE GmbH 
Subsidiaries of 
MAHLE Metal  
Leve S.A. 
Subsidiaries of 
MAHLE Industrial Thermal 
Systems GmbH & Co. KG
50% 
Behr Hella 
Thermocontrol GmbH 
50% 
Shanghai MAHLE Thermal 
Systems Co. Ltd., China  
50% 
Dongfeng MAHLE Thermal 
Systems Co. Ltd., China 
60% 
MAHLE ANAND Thermal 
Systems Private Limited, India 
Subsidiaries of  
MAHLE Behr  
GmbH & Co. KG 
MAHLE Group 
MAHLE Behr GmbH & Co.KG Joint Ventures
75.71% 
MAHLE Behr   
Verwaltung GmbH 
1.75% 
70% 
MAHLE Metal  
Leve S.A., Brasil
60% 
MAHLE Industrial Thermal 
Systems GmbH & Co. KG *
75.71% 
MAHLE Behr   
GmbH & Co. KG

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
The full list of shareholdings of MAHLE as per December 31, 2021 is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus as detailed in section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below. 
Statutory Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
(“PwC”), 
Friedrichstraße 14, 
70174 Stuttgart, Germany, was appointed as statutory auditor of MAHLE as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2020 and as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021. PwC audited, 
in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the German generally accepted standards for the audit of 
financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (Institut der 
Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e.V.), the consolidated financial statements for MAHLE prepared in 
accordance with German general accounting standards pursuant to the German Commercial Code 
(HGB) as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 and issued, 
in each case, an unqualified auditor’s report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon.  
PwC is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 
10787 Berlin, Germany. 
Share Capital, Shares, Shareholders 
As of the date of this Prospectus, MAHLE’s share capital amounts to EUR 150,000,000 and is 
composed of two shares. The share capital has been fully paid up. The shares were created pursuant 
to German law. MAHLE’s share capital and voting rights are divided among the following direct 
shareholders: 
Shareholder 
Share capital 
Voting rights 
MAHLE-STIFTUNG GmbH  
99.9 % 
0.0 % 
MABEG – Verein zur Förderung und Beratung  
der MAHLE-Gruppe e.V.  
0.1 % 
100.0 % 
MAHLE-STIFTUNG, a nonprofit foundation, holds 99.9 per cent. of MAHLE’s shares. 0.1 per cent. of 
the shares are held by MABEG, which also holds all of the voting rights and thus controls MAHLE and 
exercises the shareholder rights. This structure ensures our entrepreneurial independence, which 
creates the basis for long-term planning and farsighted investment decisions. 
Dividends 
Dividend payments from MAHLE GmbH to MAHLE-STIFTUNG are restricted by MAHLE GmbH’s 
articles of association. Dividend payouts to MAHLE-STIFTUNG in the financial year 2021 amounted to 
EUR 3.3 million (financial year 2020: EUR 5.3 million). 
As long as MAHLE-STIFTUNG has no voting rights, it is entitled to an annual share of 3 per cent. of the 
net income of MAHLE Group. At the proposal of the Management Board of MAHLE GmbH, this 
regulation can be deviated from upwards and downwards on the basis of an agreement entered into 
between MABEG and MAHLE-STIFTUNG, depending on the economic situation of MAHLE GmbH. 
Dividend payouts by subsidiaries of MAHLE GmbH to third parties were amongst others mainly 
attributable to MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. (Brazil), MAHLE Siam Filter Systems Co., Ltd. (Thailand) and 
MAHLE Tri-Ring Valve Train (Hubei) Co., Ltd (China). For financial year 2021, dividend payouts to 
minority shareholders of the 30 per cent. freefloat of MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. amounted to EUR 5.5 
million (financial year 2020: EUR 3.3 million), to minority shareholder of MAHLE Siam Filter Systems 
Co., Ltd. amounted to EUR 4.1 million (financial year 2020: EUR 1.6 million) and to minority 
shareholders of MAHLE Tri-Ring Valve Train (Hubei) Co., Ltd. amounted to EUR 2.8 million (financial 
year 2020: EUR 4.8 million). 
Total dividend payouts by MAHLE Group entities in the financial year 2021 amounted to EUR 20.0 
million (financial year 2020: EUR 25.3 million).

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
Description of the Governing Bodies of MAHLE 
Overview 
MAHLE’s governing bodies are the Management Board (Geschäftsführung), the Supervisory Board 
(Aufsichtsrat) and the general shareholders’ meeting (Gesellschafterversammlung). The responsibilities 
of these governing bodies are determined by the German Limited Liabilities Companies Act (GmbH-
Gesetz), MAHLE’s articles of association and the internal rules of procedure of both the Supervisory 
Board and Management Board. 
The Management Board is responsible for managing MAHLE in accordance with applicable law, 
MAHLE’s articles of association and its internal rules of procedure, including the schedule of 
responsibilities. The Management Board represents MAHLE in dealings with third parties. 
The function of the Supervisory Board is, inter alia, to appoint and supervise the Management Board 
and to appoint the statutory auditors. The Supervisory Board may not make management decisions, 
but MAHLE's articles of association or the Supervisory Board itself may require the prior consent of the 
Supervisory Board for certain types of transactions. 
Management Board 
Members of MAHLE’s Management Board 
Under MAHLE’s articles of association, the Management Board must consist of at least two persons. 
The Supervisory Board may appoint a Management Board member as chairman of the Management 
Board. As of the date of this Prospectus, MAHLE’s Management Board consists of six members.  
MAHLE GmbH and Matthias Arleth, who had become Chairman of the Management Board and CEO 
of MAHLE GmbH as of January 1, 2022, mutually agreed on a termination of their cooperation and 
Matthias Arleth resigned from his office as managing director with effect as of April 14, 2022. Michael 
Frick, currently Deputy Chairman of the Management Board and CFO of MAHLE GmbH, will take over 
the position as Chairman of the Management Board and CEO on an interim basis as from May 1, 2022 
until a decision on a successor as CEO has been taken by the Supervisory Board. 
MAHLE is represented by two Management Board members or a Management Board member jointly 
with an authorized signatory (Prokurist). 
The table below lists the members of MAHLE’s Management Board as of the date of this Prospectus 
and indicates their principal responsibilities within MAHLE and the principal activities outside MAHLE: 
 
Name 
Responsibilities within 
MAHLE 
 
Activities outside MAHLE  
Michael Frick  
(Deputy Chairman of the 
Management Board / CFO, 
as from May 1, 2022: 
Chairman of the Management 
Board / CEO (ad interim) / 
CFO) 
• 
Finance; 
• 
Controlling; 
• 
Taxes; 
• 
IT Services; 
• 
Purchasing; 
• 
Insurances;  
• 
Revision and Risk 
Management; 
• 
Mergers & Acquisitions; 
• 
Research and Advanced 
Engineering (ad interim as 
from May 1, 2022); 
• 
Corporate Quality 
Management (ad interim as 
from May 1, 2022); 
None.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
• 
Corporate Planning (ad 
interim as from May 1, 
2022); 
• 
Corporate Communications 
(ad interim as from May 1, 
2022); 
• 
Legal (ad interim as from 
May 1, 2022); 
• 
External Affairs (ad interim 
as from May 1, 2022); 
• 
Motorsports and Special 
Applications Profit Center 
(ad interim as from May 1, 
2022); 
• 
Automotive Sales and 
Application Engineering  
(ad interim as from May 1, 
2022); 
• 
Aftermarket Business Unit 
(ad interim as from May 1, 
2022). 
Jumana Al-Sibai 
• 
Thermal Management 
Business Unit;  
• 
Industrial Thermal 
Management Profit Center; 
• 
Control Units Profit Center. 
None. 
Georg Dietz 
• 
Engine Systems and 
Components Business Unit; 
• 
Large and Small Engine 
Components Profit Center; 
• 
Sustainability/Environmental 
Management/Safety at 
Work for the Group. 
None. 
Wilhelm Emperhoff 
• 
Electronics and 
Mechatronics Business 
Unit. 
None. 
Anke Felder 
• 
Human Resources; 
• 
Corporate Executive Vice 
President Human 
Resources; 
• 
Corporate Personnel 
Development; 
• 
Corporate Real Estate 
Management. 
None. 
Martin Weidlich 
• 
Filtration and Engine 
Peripherals Business Unit; 
• 
Group-wide Operational 
Excellence;  
• 
Production System & 
Consulting;  
• 
Battery Competence 
Center. 
None.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
To MAHLE’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the Management 
Board between their duties to MAHLE on the one side and their private interests or other duties on the 
other side. 
The members of the Management Board can be contacted at MAHLE Group’s business address at 
Pragstraße 26-46, 70376 Stuttgart, Germany. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with MAHLE’s articles of association, the Supervisory Board consists of 20 members 
(ten shareholder representatives and ten employee representatives). Given the number of employees 
employed by MAHLE Group, MAHLE and some of its subsidiaries are subject to statutory co-
determination law. Therefore, the employee representatives are elected in accordance with the German 
Company Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz) and, with respect to some of its subsidiaries, 
the German One-Third Participation Act (Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz). The shareholder representatives 
are elected by the shareholders at the general shareholders’ meeting. 
Members of MAHLE’s Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, MAHLE’s Supervisory Board comprises the following members: 
Name 
Position/function within MAHLE Group  
(if any) 
 
 
Principal activities outside of MAHLE Group 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Heinz K. Junker 
(Chairman of the Supervisory Board) 
Former Chairman of the Management Board 
and CEO of MAHLE GmbH, Stuttgart, Germany 
• 
Chairman of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany; 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Wieland-Werke AG, Ulm, Germany.  
Jürgen Kalmbach(1) 
(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board) 
Chairman of the Central Works Council of the 
MAHLE Group, Stuttgart, Germany 
None.  
Rolf Berkemann 
Vice President Sales and Application 
Engineering Passenger Cars 1 Region Europe, 
MAHLE Group, Stuttgart, Germany 
None. 
Dietmar Bichler 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Bertrandt AG, Ehningen, Germany; 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
b.invest AG i.L.*, Ehningen, Germany;  
(* in liquidation) 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Lindauer DORNIER GmbH, Lindau, 
Germany; 
• 
Member of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany. 
Nektaria Christidou(1) 
Chairwoman of the Works Council of MAHLE 
Behr GmbH & Co. KG, plants Mühlacker and 
Vaihingen/Enz, Germany 
None.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
Prof. Dr. jur. Wolfgang Fritzemeyer, LL.M. 
• 
Lawyer, Munich, Germany;  
• 
Attorney-at-Law (New York, United States),  
Solicitor (New South Wales, Australia); 
• 
Member of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany. 
Gerd Goretzky(1) 
Advisor to the European Works Council of the 
MAHLE Group, Stuttgart, Germany 
None. 
Josef Häring(1) 
Chairman of the Works Council of MAHLE 
GmbH, plant Rottweil, Germany 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of BKK 
MAHLE, Stuttgart, Germany. 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Gisela Lanza 
• 
Head of the Institute of Production Science 
at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology 
(KIT), Karlsruhe, Germany; 
• 
Member of Supervisory Board König und 
Bauer AG, Würzburg, Germany;  
• 
Member of Advisory Board Balluff GmbH, 
Neuhausen auf den Fildern, Germany; 
• 
Member of Supervisory Board Hager SE, 
Bliekastel, Germany; 
• 
Member of Supervisory Board ZF 
Friedrichshafen AG, Friedrichshafen, 
Germany. 
Dr. Michael Macht 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KION 
GROUP AG, Frankfurt, Germany; 
• 
Non-Executive Director Weichai Power Co. 
Ltd., Weifang, China; 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Rosenberger GmbH & Co. KG, Fridolfing, 
Germany; 
• 
Non-Executive Director McLaren Automotive 
Ltd., United Kingdom; 
• 
Former Chairman of the Management Board 
of Porsche AG and former member of the 
Management Board of Volkswagen AG. 
Dr. Franz-Josef Paefgen 
• 
Member of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany; 
• 
Former CEO of Audi AG, Bentley Motors 
Ltd. and former President of Bugatti 
International S.A. 
Liane Papaioannou(1) 
• 
Chairwoman of the local IG Metall 
Pforzheim, Germany; 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
L. Possehl & Co. mbH, Lübeck, Germany; 
• 
Member of the Administrative Committee of 
the Employment Agency, Nagold/Pforzheim, 
Germany.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Stefan Pischinger 
• 
Chair of Thermodynamics of Mobile Energy 
Conversion Systems and CMP Center for 
Mobile Propulsion, RWTH Aachen 
University, Germany; 
• 
President and Chief Executive Officer of the 
FEV Group, Aachen, Germany;  
• 
Member of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany. 
Thomas Raupach(1) 
Deputy Chairman of the Works Council of 
MAHLE Ventiltrieb GmbH, plant Wölfersheim, 
Germany 
None. 
Martin Röll(1) 
• 
Co-Chairman of the local IG Metall Stuttgart, 
Germany; 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Leibinger SE, Ditzingen, Germany; 
• 
Member of the Administrative Committee of 
the Stuttgart Employment Agency, Germany. 
David Schmidt(1) 
Chairman of the Works Council of MAHLE 
Filtersysteme, plant Wustermark, Germany 
None.  
Annette Szegfü(1)  
• 
Trade Union Secretary to the Executive 
Committee of IG Metall, Frankfurt, Germany. 
Dr. Bernhard Volkmann 
Former Member of the Management Board and 
CFO of MAHLE GmbH, Stuttgart, Germany 
• 
Member of the general assembly of 
MABEG e.V., Stuttgart, Germany. 
Georg Weiberg 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Knorr 
Bremse Systeme für Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH, 
Munich, Germany;  
• 
Member of the Consulting Circle, Voss 
Automotive GmbH, Wipperfürth, Germany; 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Fritz 
Winter GmbH, Stadtallendorf, Germany; 
• 
Member of the general assembly of MABEG 
e.V., Stuttgart, Germany; 
• 
Former Head of Truck Engineering, Daimler 
AG, Stuttgart, Germany. 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Jörg Zürn 
• Member of the Advisory Board of KEYOU 
GmbH, Munich, Germany; 
• Former Head of Mercedes Benz Van 
Engineering, Daimler AG, Stuttgart, 
Germany. 
____________ 
(1) Employee representative. 
To MAHLE’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the Supervisory 
Board between their duties to MAHLE on the one side and their private interests or other duties on the 
other side. 
The members of the Supervisory Board can be contacted at MAHLE Group's business address at 
Pragstraße 26-46, 70376 Stuttgart, Germany.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
Supervisory Board Committees 
The Supervisory Board has established a Personnel Committee which prepares personnel decisions of 
the Supervisory Board, in particular new appointments of managing directors, and is among other things 
entitled to conclude and amend employment agreements with managing directors and related 
agreements and take respective decisions. 
Employees 
As of December 31, 2021, MAHLE Group had a total of 71,298 employees worldwide, which 
corresponds to a decrease of 886 employees or 1.2 per cent. compared with the previous year. The 
staffing level adjustments were primarily due to the difficult market situation caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic and the global shortage of resources as well as the general transformation of the automotive 
industry. With the acquisition of the air conditioning business of the former Keihin Corporation (now 
known as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.), about 1,300 employees joined the Group. 
Rating 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) has assigned a “Ba1” Corporate Family Rating with outlook 
“negative” to MAHLE GmbH and a “Ba1” rating with outlook “negative” to the Programme. Moody’s 
most recently affirmed its “Ba1” ratings on April 26, 2022, however with revised outlook from “stable” to 
“negative”. According to Moody’s, the change in the outlook particulary reflects the slower than expected 
recovery of global light vehicle sales and increasing uncertainty regarding macroeconomic growth from 
the second half of 2022 onwards. 
Moody's defines “Ba1” as follows: “Obligations rated Ba1 are judged to be speculative and are subject 
to substantial credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates 
a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category”. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
Moody’s is established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, 
and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. 
Business Overview – Principal Activities and Principal Markets 
MAHLE is a global development partner and supplier to the automotive industry. MAHLE sees itself as 
a technology pioneer for the mobility of tomorrow, and, as such, aims to make transportation more 
efficient, more environmentally friendly, and more comfortable. As part of its dual strategy, MAHLE is 
working both on the intelligent combustion engine for the use of hydrogen and other non-fossil fuels 
and on technologies that are intended to help the fuel cell and e-mobility achieving broader acceptance 
in the markets. 
Based on a broad systems competence consisting of engine systems and components, filtration, and 
thermal management, MAHLE Group’s product portfolio addresses all the relevant technical aspects 
relating to the powertrain and air conditioning technology as well as their combination. Moreover, 
MAHLE Group offers integrated systems solutions for e-mobility by building on its expertise in electric 
and electronic components and systems. 
MAHLE Group is well diversified across business segments, customers and geography. Nevertheless, 
MAHLE Group generates the predominant part of its sales with major automotive manufacturers. These 
customers are therefore vital for the business development of MAHLE Group. In the financial year 2021, 
the ten largest customers of MAHLE Group accounted for approximately 50 per cent. of MAHLE 
Group’s sales.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
MAHLE Group’s products are fitted in millions of passenger cars and commercial vehicles. In addition, 
its components and systems are also used off the road – for example in stationary applications as well 
as for mobile machinery, rail transport, and marine applications. 
MAHLE has reacted to the changed conditions brought about by globalization at an early stage and 
broadened its product portfolio by strategically founding and acquiring new business activities. With its 
around 160 production locations and 12 major research and development centers, MAHLE Group is 
represented on five continents and employs 71,298 people in total. 
As a company focusing on innovation and development of new products and technologies, MAHLE 
Group employs 5,120 employees in the field of research and development. 
Accordingly, MAHLE Group’s business activities are divided into business units (each a “Business 
Unit” and, together, the “Business Units”), several profit centers (each a “Profit Center”, and, together, 
the “Profit Centers”) and the central service businesses, all as shown through the following table:  
MAHLE GROUP 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
 
BUSINESS UNITS 
PROFIT CENTERS & SERVICES 
 
 
EUR 2,363 million 
EUR 1,819 million 
EUR 3,865 million 
EUR 1,193 million 
EUR 1,064 million 
 
EUR 630 million 
Sales
24,270 
9,162 
20,237 
8,137 
1,846 
 
7,646 
Headcount
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The segmentation of MAHLE Group’s business activities into the above-mentioned Business Units, 
Profit Centers and central service businesses reflects the status as of the date of this Prospectus. 
However, such set-up is subject to on-going review and may be varied from time to time. 
MAHLE Group conducts its global business activities through branches and engineering and production 
locations in 29 countries all around the world and is operationally active through subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and strategic alliances in all larger economies in Europe, in North and South America, in the 
Asia / Pacific region, and in Africa. 
Based on sales volumes in the year 2020, MAHLE Group is among the 25 largest automobile suppliers 
worldwide (source: Berylls Strategy Advisors, TOP 100 Supplier 2020 Study, June 2021). According to 
MAHLE’s internal analysis and calculations based on anticipated/estimated market volumes per product 
and per supplier in the year 2021, MAHLE occupies top 3 rankings in 23 out of 30 main product 
categories. 
Development of the market for light vehicles and medium and heavy-duty vehicles 
After a sharp decline in production volumes during 2020 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
semiconductor shortage led to only small growth rates despite strong demand for light vehicles for the 
full year 2021. Production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles in the year 2021 rose by 
3.5 per cent. worldwide to 77.2 million vehicles (2020: 74.6 million). Production of medium and heavy-
duty vehicles and busses was 2.4 per cent. above the previous year’s level with 3.6 million vehicles 
(2020: 3.5 million). Further growth was especially harmed by the development of the Chinese market.  
 
Sales: EUR 10,933 million | Headcount: 71,298 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Engine Systems 
and Components 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Filtration and 
Engine Peripherals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thermal 
Management 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics and 
Mechatronics 
 
 
 
 
 
Aftermarket 
Motorsports and Special Applications 
Large and Small                 
Engine Components 
 
Industrial Thermal Management 
 
Control Units 
 
Central service businesses

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
According to S&P Global, in the year 2022, global production of passenger cars and light commercial 
vehicles is expected to show a slight recovery from the previous year’s level (forecast 2022: 81.6 million, 
plus 5.6 per cent.). It is currently still difficult to foresee the extent to which the consequences of the war 
in Ukraine will impact vehicle production, especially in Europe. In addition to geopolitical tensions, the 
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and enduring supply bottlenecks for semiconductors, other raw materials 
and intermediate products play an important role, as they could lead to significant production losses. 
The difficult market situation caused by the geopolitical tensions and the persistent shortage of 
semiconductors might also continue to negatively impact all regions. In Europe and North America, the 
pre-crisis level will probably not be regained for several years. Also in the South America region, the 
semiconductor shortage might dampen the recovery trend. The same applies to the Asia/Pacific region: 
Only moderate growth is forecast in most Asian submarkets. In China in particular, however, this is 
likely to be further impaired by subdued economic development and possible production cutbacks also 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic, among other factors.  
Global production of medium and heavy-duty vehicles and busses is expected to shrink in 2022 
compared to 2021 (forecast 2022: 3.3 million, minus 8.1 per cent.). In particular, the cyclical downturn 
in China will likely reduce global production volumes. In addition, there is a subdued economic outlook 
and adverse effects from COVID-19 related lockdowns. In Europe, after a strong year 2021, a significant 
reduction is now expected due to the war in Ukraine. North America and India are expected to see 
some further recovery. In South America, the subdued economic outlook will probably lead to a decline. 
(Source of above figures: S&P Global, Production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles up 
to 6t as of April 1, 2022; S&P Global, Production of medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicles > 6t, 
incl. busses, as of April 2, 2022.) 
Development of MAHLE Group 
In the financial year 2021, MAHLE Group achieved sales of EUR 10.9 billion, compared with EUR 9.8 
billion in the previous year. Adjusted for exchange rate effects and changes to the consolidation group, 
this corresponds to an organic sales growth of 11.9 per cent., significantly outperforming the global 
market for passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Nevertheless, the sales generated in the financial 
year 2021 are still significantly below the pre-crisis level of 2019.  
The positive development of sales was aided in particular by the general recovery of the international 
markets in the first half of 2021 following the slump caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In contrast, the 
second half of 2021 was characterized by a high level of uncertainty and volatility in the procurement 
markets, mainly due to supply bottlenecks for semiconductors and rising raw material prices. The 
declines in production by our customers resulting from the supply bottlenecks hampered the 
development of our sales by causing call-off orders to be canceled. Moreover, negative exchange rate 
effects amounting to EUR 177 million had an adverse impact. A major contributing factor was the 
devaluation against the euro of key trading currencies such as the U.S. dollar and Brazilian real. On the 
other hand, as a result of the acquisition of the air conditioning business from the former Keihin 
Corporation (now Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.), sales of MAHLE Group increased by EUR 178 million in the 
financial year 2021. These changes were due to the acquisition of the air conditioning business of the 
Keihin Corporation (now known as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) with effect as of February 1, 2021.  
Simultaneous to the slow recovery of the market and uncertainties about the further course of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the technological transformation of the industry is accelerating. This requires a 
high level of both investment and development effort as well as particular adaptability and 
responsiveness. Against this background, we have continued to invest in the development of innovative 
solutions and products for alternative powertrain technologies and have further expanded the affected 
business segments. To raise our profitability in the long-term and safeguard our competitiveness, we 
continued to drive forward our global restructuring efforts and further strengthened our Group-wide cost 
discipline measures. Building on the progress of the previous year, we implemented restructuring 
programs in many areas. The need for these changes has been reinforced and underpinned by the 
business development. At the same time, with a view to the technological transformation of the industry, 
we have identified various action points, such as short-term measures, activities focused on 
sustainability, and strategic implications, and have developed and implemented corresponding 
measures across multiple functions and regions.  
We closed the financial year 2021 with a positive net change in cash funds (calculated as the sum of 
cash flows from operating activities, cash flows from investing activities and cash flows from financing

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
activities) of EUR 328 million. Despite the net loss in the financial year 2021, the cash flows from 
operating activities amounted to EUR 366 million, which is significantly lower than in the previous year. 
Among other things, this reflects the higher capital commitment in net working capital and the non-
recurrence of one-time effects in the previous year. At EUR 383 million, the net cash outflows from 
investing activities were lower than in the financial year 2020, partly due to a deliberately focused 
approach to investment. Our cash flow from operating activities almost completely covered our cash 
requirements for investments in the financial year 2021. The cash flows from financing activities showed 
a net cash inflow of EUR 345 million in the financial year 2021 (previous year: net cash outflow of EUR 
133 million), which was primarily attributable to the issuance of a corporate bond in the principal amount 
of EUR 750 million. 
While our earnings situation in the previous year was heavily impacted by the accruals for restructuring 
measures and positively influenced by the one-time income from an insurance settlement, there were 
no significant comparable special effects in the financial year 2021. However, costs for energy and 
logistics as well as many relevant raw materials such as aluminum, copper or resin have significantly 
increased in 2021 compared to 2020, which had a negative effect on our earnings in the financial year 
2021. 
In addition, we have strengthened our established Business Units in 2021. Our core business in thermal 
management was further expanded by the increase of our shareholding in the MAHLE Behr Group and 
by the acquisition of the air conditioning business of the Keihin Corporation (now known as Hitachi 
Astemo, Ltd.) in Japan, Thailand, and the United States, which is aimed at improving our global position 
in air conditioning technology and in particular our market access in Japan and Southeast Asia.  
In response to the transformation of the automotive industry and the resulting shift away from the 
combustion engine, the increasing competitive pressure, and the sharp decline in demand, we had to 
announce the cessation of production activities at our locations in Vilanova i la Geltrú (Spain) and 
Chavanod (France). 
Development by regions 
With production and development locations in 29 countries, MAHLE Group has presences all around 
the globe. This international positioning aims at ensuring that MAHLE Group is close to its customers 
and able to cooperate with them intensively while also responding flexibly to regional market 
fluctuations. 
In the financial year 2021, our sales rose significantly in all regions and outperformed for passenger 
cars and commercial vehicles the international market. The positive development of sales in all regions 
was driven in particular by the recovery trends in the global economy following the severe slump caused 
by the COVID-19 pandemic in the previous year. In the financial year 2021, the development of our 
sales in South and North America suffered greatly from the devaluation of important trading currencies 
against the euro. In terms of organic growth, however, we achieved double-digit percentage increases 
in sales in all regions, except for the North America region.  
The following sections provide an overview of the development in the different regions, based on sales 
by country of production.  
Europe 
Sales in the Europe region amounted to EUR 5,003 million in the financial year 2021, corresponding to 
an increase of 10.7 per cent. compared with the previous year. There were no significant exchange rate 
effects or changes to the consolidation group in Europe in the financial year 2021. Despite ongoing 
supply chain problems, semiconductor supply bottlenecks, and the resulting reduction in call-off orders, 
rising domestic demand provided impetus for growth and thus also increased sales for MAHLE Group. 
The Aftermarket and Electronics and Mechatronics Business Units showed very strong organic growth 
at 16.5 per cent. and 24.2 per cent., respectively. The two largest Business Units in terms of sales, 
Engine Systems and Components and Thermal Management, increased their sales organically by 10.0 
per cent..and 9.6 per cent., respectively.  
As of December 31, 2021, 31,909 people were employed at our locations in Europe, which is 1,100 
employees or 3.3 per cent. fewer than as of December 31, 2020. There was a decrease in many 
European countries in connection with restructuring measures. In some countries, however, the number

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
of employees has increased: In Spain, 146 people were hired which was due to the expansion of plants 
and production facilities in the Electronics and Mechatronics Business Unit. In Romania, the headcount 
increased by 100. In Slovakia, 59 new employees were hired, mainly in production, as production 
capacity utilization had risen compared with the previous year.  
North America 
In North America, we achieved sales of EUR 2,767 million in the financial year 2021, which is 5.7 per 
cent. above the sales in the financial year 2020. However, the region was significantly impacted by the 
devaluation of major trading currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, against the euro. Adjusted for these 
effects, organic sales growth was significantly higher at 9.1 per cent. The recovery in demand following 
the pandemic-induced slump and the economic stimulus packages passed by the U.S. government had 
a positive effect on the increase in sales. In the financial year 2021, our two largest Business Units in 
terms of sales, Engine Systems and Components and Thermal Management, were thus able to 
significantly increase their sales after adjustment for exchange rate effects by 12.5 per cent. and 13.7 
per cent., respectively.  
In North America, our employees numbered 13,416 in total as of December 31, 2021, corresponding to 
a decrease of 1,183 or 8.1 per cent. compared to December 31, 2020. The reduction of the headcount 
was, inter alia, due to restructuring measures and mainly affected the compressors business in Mexico.  
South America 
Our sales in South America rose sharply by 48.2 per cent. compared with the financial year 2020 to 
EUR 589 million in the financial year 2021, taking into account negative exchange rate effects of EUR 
53 million from the devaluation of the Brazilian real and the Argentinean peso against the euro. Our 
organic growth in the region was thus noticeably above the general market trend. All of our Business 
Units and Profit Centers benefited from the local market recovery with high double-digit rates of organic 
growth. One reason for this was the large proportion of South American commercial vehicle customers 
from whom demand rose noticeably compared with the substantial slump in the previous year. 
As of December 31, 2021, we had 8,736 employees in South America, which is 781 people or 9.8 per 
cent. more than as of December 31, 2020. After the heavy pandemic-related reduction of the headcount 
in the financial year 2020, recruitment was increased again in 2021 due to very good order levels and 
high production capacity utilization.  
Asia/Pacific 
In the Asia/Pacific region, sales in the financial year 2021 amounted to EUR 2,526 million, 
corresponding to an increase by 14.8 per cent. compared to the financial year 2020. The increase 
resulted, inter alia, from the acquisition of the air conditioning business of the former Keihin Corporation 
(now known as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) with effect as of February 1, 2021. This was offset by negative 
exchange rate effects, resulting in organic sales growth of 15.5 per cent. Although demand and 
production have recently picked up again significantly, the region suffered from rising infection rates 
and the associated restrictions, particularly in the first half of 2021. The positive developments were 
reflected in the increase in sales in our two largest Business Units in this region. After adjustment for 
exchange rate effects, both the Engine Systems and Components Business Unit and the Filtration and 
Engine Peripherals Business Unit recorded growth rates of 8.1 per cent. and 13.8 per cent., 
respectively, in the financial year 2021.  
In the Asia/Pacific region, we had 16,382 employees as of December 31, 2021, and thus 688 people or 
4.4 per cent. more than as of December 31, 2020. This was largely attributable to the acquisition of the 
air conditioning business of the former Keihin Corporation (now known as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) with 
about 1,000 employees in Asia.  
Africa 
With an increase of 28.7 per cent. compared to the financial year 2020, sales in the Africa region rose 
significantly to EUR 48 million in the financial year 2021. Adjusted for exchange rate effects, growth 
was lower at 19.9 per cent. The sales in our Group’s smallest region were primarily generated by the 
Thermal Management Business Unit. As of December 31, 2021, 855 people were employed at our 
locations in Africa, which is 72 employees or 7.8 per cent. fewer in total than as of December 31, 2021.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
Investments 
Despite the difficult circumstances arising due to the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic and a 
market situation that is only recovering slowly, we are actively addressing the challenges associated 
with the transformation of the automotive industry. To this end, we recognized additions of EUR 401 
million in tangible fixed assets in the financial year 2021 (previous year: EUR 433 million). In key areas 
of future activity, investments in tangible fixed assets significantly exceeded depreciation. Due to 
investment restraint in business areas dependent on the combustion engine, the Group-wide ratio of 
additions of tangible fixed assets to depreciation of tangible fixed assets in the financial year 2021 was 
83 per cent., significantly below the previous year’s value (89 per cent.). The investment ratio, which 
shows the relationship between additions of tangible fixed assets and sales, decreased to 3.7 per cent. 
in the financial year 2021 (previous year: 4.4 per cent.).  
Geographically, our investments in the financial year 2021 focused on Europe and the Asia/Pacific 
region. We made around half of our investments in Europe, with Poland, Spain, and Slovenia once 
again being the countries with the highest levels of capital expenditure alongside Germany. In Poland, 
we invested substantially in the three Business Units Engine Systems and Components, Filtration and 
Engine Peripherals, and Thermal Management to enable, inter alia, the establishment of new production 
locations. In both Spain and Slovenia, we largely invested in the expansion of plants and production 
facilities in the Electronics and Mechatronics Business Unit. We made 28 per cent. of our Group-wide 
additions in tangible fixed assets in the Asia/Pacific region in the financial year 2021. As in the financial 
year 2020, we invested predominantly in our Chinese locations, where, in addition to project-related 
investments in expanding capacities at a steel piston production line, significant investments were also 
made in our Electronics and Mechatronics plants in Taicang and Suzhou. In North America – the region 
accounting for 19 per cent. of the Group-wide additions in tangible fixed assets in the financial year 
2021 – we mainly invested in our U.S. locations, in connection with customer projects, for example.  
In addition to capital expenditure on tangible fixed assets, we also took advantage of strategic 
acquisitions during the financial year 2021 to expand our business activities as part of our dual strategy. 
To strengthen our core business in thermal management, we further increased our participation in the 
MAHLE Behr Group and acquired the air conditioning business of the Keihin Corporation (now known 
as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) in Japan, Thailand, and the United States.  
Business Activities by Business Units and Profit Centers 
The general recovery of the international markets following the slump caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic had a positive effect in the financial year 2021, particularly in the first half-year. Against this 
backdrop, all of our Business Units and Profit Centers were able to increase their sales organically.  
Business Units 
Engine Systems and Components 
The Engine Systems and Components Business Unit is a main pillar of our business. Our range of 
products, which we manufacture at various locations around the world, includes steel and aluminum 
pistons, piston rings, cylinder liners, bearings, and valve train systems. These products are used 
worldwide in passenger cars, commercial vehicles, large engines, and two-wheeled vehicles. We are 
continuously further developing our portfolio, focusing in particular on reducing energy consumption as 
well as CO2 and other emissions from combustion engines.  
Sales in our Engine Systems and Components Business Unit amounted to EUR 2,363 million in the 
financial year 2021, corresponding to an increase by 12.1 per cent. compared to the financial year 2020. 
We recorded a positive deviation of sales volumes from the previous year for all products – only sales 
of steel pistons for diesel passenger cars, connecting rods for passenger cars, and power cell units 
were below the previous year’s level. Despite the subdued development in the second half of 2021, all 
regions achieved significant organic sales growth. In the Europe, North America, and Asia/Pacific 
regions, sales after adjustment for exchange rate effects were up by 10.0 per cent., 12.5 per cent. and 
8.1 per cent., respectively. At 79.9 per cent., we recorded the strongest organic sales growth in South 
America and benefited from the local market recovery.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
Compared to December 31, 2020, the staffing level in our Engine Systems and Components Business 
Unit decreased by 188 people as of December 31, 2021. Nevertheless, with a total of around 34 per 
cent. of the Group’s headcount at 42 locations, the Business Unit still had the most employees.  
Filtration and Engine Peripherals 
In the Filtration and Engine Peripherals Business Unit, we produce filter systems and components for 
the engine periphery with the aim of using our products to improve air cleanliness while also preventing 
contaminants in oil and fuel from damaging engines, in turn increasing their efficiency and service life. 
In recent years, we have worked in close cooperation with our customers to develop a modular system 
for all the major product groups. In addition, MAHLE is developing special high-strength plastics to 
replace metals, aiming at achieving further weight savings. For example, we are developing all-plastic 
oil filter modules with fully integrated oil pumps and oil cooling technology for use in the powertrains of 
electric vehicles. 
At EUR 1,819 million, sales generated in the Filtration and Engine Peripherals Business Unit in the 
financial year 2021 were 6.5 per cent. higher than in the financial year 2020. This increase in sales was 
distributed evenly across the various product groups, such as air filters, cylinder head covers, and oil 
and fuel filters. Despite the difficult market conditions in the second half of 2021, all regions, with the 
exception of the North America region, were able to benefit from the recovery in the markets after the 
COVID-19 pandemic and achieve organic sales growth. The Asia/Pacific region – the largest sales 
market for this Business Unit – recorded strong organic sales growth of 13.8 per cent. In order to further 
strengthen the Business Unit in the second largest sales market, the Europe region, a production 
location in Krotoszyn, Poland, is currently under construction. 
As of December 31, 2021, 12.9 per cent. of the Group’s employees were employed at the 30 locations 
of the Filtration and Engine Peripherals Business Unit, 325 people or 3.4 per cent. fewer than as of 
December 31, 2020.  
Thermal Management 
Our solutions from the Thermal Management Business Unit for batteries, fuel cells, power electronics, 
and electric drives are intended to extend cruising ranges, increase efficiency, and prolong service life. 
As such, we are contributing to the development of zero-emissions powertrains. As thermal 
management is becoming more and more important in the ongoing development of the combustion 
engine, we try to make our cooling systems more efficient in order to help cutting fuel consumption and 
thereby reducing CO2 emissions. In the Thermal Management Business Unit, we also develop and 
manufacture air conditioning systems with new design concepts for interiors and regulating the thermal 
comfort for vehicle occupants. In combination with powerful mechanical and electric compressors and 
electric auxiliary heaters, we aim to enhance the overall automotive air conditioning system in terms of 
consumption and range.  
In the Thermal Management Business Unit, we increased sales by 13.0 per cent. compared to the 
financial year 2020 to EUR 3,865 million in the financial year 2021. Strong growth was recorded in sales 
of air conditioning components and products for e-mobility, such as battery cooling systems. In the 
financial year 2021, we were able to position ourselves even more broadly as a supplier to 
manufacturers of battery electric vehicles through important project launches and achieved significant 
organic sales gains in all regions. Due to supply bottlenecks and the associated reduction in call-off 
orders, especially in the second half of 2021, organic sales growth was lowest in the main sales regions 
of Europe and North America, at 9.6 per cent. and 13.7 per cent., respectively. While exchange rate 
effects had a predominantly negative impact on the development of sales, the acquisition of the air 
conditioning business of the former Keihin Corporation (now Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) contributed to the 
increase in sales, especially in the Asia/Pacific region. In the Asia/Pacific region, sales were driven by 
the growing passenger car business, while the significantly higher sales in the South America region 
were also attributable to the commercial vehicle sector.  
As of December 31, 2021, we employed 28.4 per cent. of our total workforce at the 43 locations of the 
Thermal Management Business Unit, and thus 212 people fewer than as of December 31, 2020.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
Electronics and Mechatronics 
The Electronics and Mechatronics Business Unit is a strong driver of growth within MAHLE Group, 
based in particular on solutions for e-mobility. The product portfolio includes electric drive systems, 
electric actuators, electrically driven auxiliaries, and control and power electronics. We are a partner for 
products that are still required for internal combustion engines, such as starter motors and alternators 
for agricultural and construction machinery, or mechanical air conditioning compressors, while also 
supporting our customers in their transformation toward e-mobility. In addition, our focus is on solutions 
for e-mobility, such as electric traction drives, onboard charging systems, and electric pumps. Our 
activities away from the automotive sector include supplying comprehensive e-bike drive systems and 
electric drives for forklift trucks, golf carts, and electric sit-on scooters.  
Sales in the Electronics and Mechatronics Business Unit amounted to EUR 1,193 million in the financial 
year 2021, corresponding to an increase by 15.9 per cent. compared to the financial year 2020. The 
strongest increase in sales was recorded by the Electronics segment, in particular due to the ramp-up 
of production for onboard charging systems. The development of the Business Unit was positively 
impacted, among other things, by the expansion of SmartBike activities and the start-up of the first 
large-volume project in the field of electric water pumps in China. In Europe – MAHLE’s largest sales 
market in this Business Unit – we increased the sales level organically by 24.2 per cent. compared to 
the financial year 2020. In order to further strengthen our business in Europe, we have established 
additional research and development activities in the electric compressors segment at our location in 
Valencia (Spain) and are preparing the production start of an initial large-volume project for this product. 
Overall, all regions, except for the North America region, recorded significant increases in sales after 
adjustment for exchange rate effects.  
As of December 31, 2021, 8,137 staff were employed in the Electronics and Mechatronics Business 
Unit, which corresponds to around 11.4 per cent. of the entire workforce.  
Aftermarket  
Our Aftermarket Business Unit supplies wholesalers, automotive workshops, and engine repair partners 
as well as electronic retail platforms with products in original equipment quality, service units and 
services. In addition to our standard spare parts, such as engine components, filtration, and engine 
peripherals, we also offer solutions for thermal management and mechatronics.  
MAHLE Service Solutions develops workshop equipment products, including vehicle diagnostics, 
exhaust gas analyzers, and service equipment for maintaining air conditioning systems and automatic 
transmissions. Comprehensive services, such as technical support through our global network, 
customized training programs, and service information, are also part of the Aftermarket portfolio. We 
aim to position MAHLE as a full-service provider and offer our customers individual repair solutions. 
In the Aftermarket Business Unit, we generated sales of EUR 1,064 million in the financial year 2021, 
18.5 per cent. more than in the previous year. Two years after the full integration of the former joint 
venture Behr Hella Service GmbH, the strong market presence in the thermal management sector in all 
regions continued to contribute to the sales increase, particularly in Europe due to the high market 
penetration. After adjustment for negative effects from exchange rate conversion, sales in the 
Aftermarket Business Unit rose by 22.5 per cent. In terms of our global markets, the South America 
region grew strongly. While the positive development of sales in the South America region can be 
attributed to the engine components product group, in Europe it mainly results from sales of filter and 
thermal management products. In the Asia/Pacific and North America regions, the engine components 
and thermal management product groups recorded the strongest sales growth. In addition, we achieved 
significant growth in the Service Solutions business.  
Aftermarket, our smallest Business Unit in terms of personnel, had 48 employees more as of 
December 31, 2021 than as of December 31, 2020.  
Profit Centers and Services 
In addition to its Business Units, MAHLE Group features four Profit Centers and several central service 
businesses. Four business fields serving special market and customer segments are organized as Profit 
Centers: Motorsports and Special Applications, Large and Small Engine Components, Industrial 
Thermal Management, and Control Units. In addition to the Profit Centers, MAHLE Group is structured

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
by several central service businesses, including purchasing, sales, advanced engineering, human 
resources, IT, and accounting and finance. Furthermore, MAHLE Powertrain GmbH offers engineering 
services to both internal and external customers. 
In our Profit Centers and central service businesses, we achieved sales amounting to EUR 630 million 
in the financial year 2021. Adjusted for negative currency effects, this results in organic sales growth of 
3.3 per cent. The positive development is attributable to the general recovery of the markets following 
the slump caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The main drivers were our Control Units Profit Center, 
which generated organic sales growth of 3.9 per cent., and our Motorsports and Special Applications 
Profit Center.  
In our Profit Centers and central service businesses, we recorded an increase in the staffing level 
amounting to 313 employees compared with the previous year. This was mainly due to the development 
of the shared service centers in Wrocław (Poland), Monterrey (Mexico) and Pune (India).  
Research and Development 
Despite the difficult conditions, our Group-wide research and development activities remained stable at 
a high level in the financial year 2021. In the financial year 2021, we recognized EUR 666 million in 
research and development expenses, slightly more than in the financial year 2020 (EUR 644 million). 
This resulted in a ratio in relation to sales of 6.1 per cent. for the financial year 2021 (previous year: 6.6 
per cent.). As of December 31, 2021, this area of our business employed 5,120 staff. In the financial 
year 2021, MAHLE registered 387 new patents in addition to a further 590 records of inventions. 
In 2021, we further expanded our development footprint in the field of hydrogen. A hydrogen test center 
was commissioned for this purpose at our location in Stuttgart, Germany. The test center serves for the 
conduct of experiments relating to fuel cells, their peripherals and cooling, as well as hydrogen-powered 
reciprocating piston engines. In addition, we opened a new development center in Changshu, China 
which focuses on developing solutions for alternative drives and expanding MAHLE’s systems 
competence in the electric powertrain as well as in electronics and mechatronics. Furthermore, MAHLE 
became a development partner to DTM Electric in 2021. Findings acquired through this collaboration 
on the thermal management of high-performance, battery electric race cars are intended to be 
transferred to MAHLE’s existing products in order to further increase their efficiency and power.  
Overall, MAHLE Group operates 12 major research and development centers around the world. 
Recent innovations 
MAHLE’s (former) corporate start-up chargeBIG successfully passed the certification procedure of the 
German-based Association for Electrical, Electronic, and Information Technologies (VDE) with its 
charging solution for electric vehicles. As announced at the IAA MOBILITY 2021, MAHLE is expanding 
its range of intelligent charging solutions for electric cars. With the newly introduced chargeBIG POWER 
charging management system, the nearly 1,000 chargeBIG charging points that have been installed for 
long-term parking users so far are benefiting from an important upgrade to fast charging.  
MAHLE is currently developing a new kind of electric motor that does not require rare earth elements. 
This not only makes production more environmentally compatible, but also delivers benefits in terms of 
costs and resource security. The key feature of the new motor key feature is the inductive and thus 
contactless power transmission to the windings of the rotor – this allows the motor to operate wear-free 
and very efficiently, particularly at high speeds. The level of efficiency is above 95 per cent. in the most 
common driving conditions in which the drive system is used. This new development is easily scalable, 
so it can be used in a large variety of vehicles.  
In 2021, we also developed a completely new cooling system for batteries. An electrically non-
conductive coolant flows around the cells, thereby ensuring that the maximum temperature of the 
battery drops during charging and that the overall temperature is distributed very homogeneously. 
Immersion cooling thus shortens the charging times of electric cars considerably. Batteries can be more 
compact, making electric cars cheaper and more resource-efficient.  
An important development in the field of battery technology is a new lithium-carbon battery concept 
developed by MAHLE Powertrain. It enables ultrafast charging of lightweight two-wheeled and small 
vehicles in under 90 seconds for applications such as urban distribution transport. The concept is 
particularly sustainable because it does not require rare raw materials and is fully recyclable.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
In addition to extensive tests on components for fuel cell carried out in the hydrogen test section in 
2021, we commissioned and tested a commercial vehicle reciprocating piston engine powered by 
hydrogen. In this context, MAHLE is upgrading its combustion engine components for use with 
hydrogen. These include pistons, rings, cylinder liners, and valves as well as exhaust gas coolers and 
crankcase ventilation systems.  
Procurement of Raw Materials and Resources 
Our risk management system is focused on minimizing the negative impacts stemming from the 
procurement markets. Regular supplier assessments designed to identify risks are the basic 
prerequisite for this. We have stepped up these activities in recent years and are making sure that our 
suppliers’ independence is maintained. In addition, we have been using a tool to monitor risks 
worldwide, which enables a rapid overview of the impact of natural disasters, strikes, and insolvencies. 
This increases transparency and thus decreases risk in the supply chain. Appropriate safety stocks and 
hedging transactions also serve to reduce procurement risks. Specific emerging risks (such as the war 
in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic or shortages of semiconductors and plastic granulates) that could 
lead to bottlenecks in the supply of raw and production materials and semi-finished products and thus 
to production interruptions at MAHLE Group, are reported to the Supply Risk Committee and managed 
by focus / task force teams. The Supply Risk Committee is headed by Central Purchasing management 
and is composed of members from the sales, logistics, production, development, controlling and quality 
departments to achieve the best possible level of coordination for the purpose of risk limitation. To 
optimize our business processes further, our production locations all around the world cooperate 
intensively. The MAHLE Production System that has been rolled out supports them in this. 
Strategy  
Our group strategy is based on the analysis of relevant megatrends from which we have developed 
various future scenarios. Five trends are having, in our view, a particularly powerful impact on the 
automotive industry and MAHLE’s business: 
— Climate change and the changing regulatory frameworks; 
— Ongoing urbanization and changes in mobility behavior; 
— Global population growth; 
— The increasing importance of sustainability in growth; 
— Digitalization. 
These developments demand innovative mobility solutions and confront the automotive industry with 
new challenges. In addition to the expansion of car-sharing options and public transport, the increasing 
electrification of the powertrain, the growth in digital connectivity of vehicles, and (partially) autonomous 
driving are of particular importance. Digitalization is playing an ever-greater role not only on the roads, 
but also in our internal company processes, through subjects such as Industry 4.0, big data, and the 
automation of administrative and production-related processes. These megatrends go hand in hand 
with changes within our customer landscape, for example, due to new suppliers of electric vehicles or 
innovative digital business models.  
The pace of implementation of this structural change will depend on political demands and, increasingly, 
on how quickly the necessary infrastructure can be created. The pace of change will therefore vary 
significantly from one market to another. Besides the availability of infrastructure, the definition of the 
technological basis will be the primary influencing factor. A broader transformation of mobility based on 
multiple technologies would allow faster progress to be made toward decarbonizing the sector. The 
importance of technologies such as hybrid or electric drives is growing for passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles in urban distribution transport. In addition, alternative business models for the use 
of vehicles are gaining ground. The combustion engine will remain significant for medium-sized and 
heavy-duty commercial vehicles in the medium term, but alternative drive types such as hybrid, electric, 
and fuel cell drives are becoming more important and complementing existing technologies in this area 
too. Overall, we expect the trend – away from combustion engines powered by conventional fuels and 
toward alternative drives – to progress much more quickly in the passenger car segment than for 
commercial vehicles. As regards the latter, we anticipate that the combustion engine will remain central 
to mobility in the global markets in the years to come. In 2021, conventional powertrains including

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
gasoline, diesel, E85/100 and mild-hybrids accounted for approximately 87 per cent. of the worldwide 
powertrain mix for light vehicles (source: IHS Markit part of S&P Global, 02/2022 for 2021). In future, 
we expect this powertrain mix to gradually shift in favor of alternative powertrains. By 2035, based on 
MAHLE’s own forecasts, we anticipate combustion engines powertrains including gasoline, diesel, 
E85/100 and mild-hybrids to still play an important role globally at approximately 29 per cent. of the 
worldwide powertrain mix for light vehicles, but electric and full/plug-in hybrid powertrains to catch up 
significantly at 49 per cent. and 22 per cent., respectively. 
MAHLE has derived a dual strategy on the basis of these assumptions and findings: 
1. 
Strengthening existing business segments: From a technology perspective, we aim at assuming a 
leading role in the ongoing development of the combustion engine – especially in terms of its 
operation using climate-neutral hydrogen or e-fuels – and ensuring the highest possible level of 
competitiveness in terms of quality and costs. In the process, we will primarily concentrate on 
exploiting further CO2 savings potential with regard to friction, thermal management, and the air 
pathway. We believe that employing synthetic fuels and green hydrogen presents even greater 
opportunity to cut CO2 emissions. Accordingly, we are consistently aligning our product portfolio to 
suit the use of synthetic fuels and green hydrogen.  
2. 
Developing solutions for future mobility scenarios: At the same time, we aim to push ahead with 
the development of innovative solutions and products for alternative powertrain technologies and 
expand the affected business segments. Business segments that are independent of the OEM 
business for passenger car combustion engines today already account for around 60 per cent. of 
our group sales. We intend to increase this proportion continuously and at an even faster pace 
than before. 
Our dual strategy is also reflected in our thermal management activities. Overall, we expect the 
importance of efficient thermal management to continue to grow – not only in conventional but also 
particularly in alternative drive systems. To strengthen this business segment in the long term, we 
acquired the air conditioning business of the Keihin Corporation (now known as Hitachi Astemo, Ltd.) 
in Japan, Thailand, and the United States with effect as of February 1, 2021. In recent years, we have 
already developed and marketed many thermal soaking innovations in the thermal management 
product area – both for the cabin and for the powertrain, including the battery. We will continue to pursue 
this innovative approach resolutely.  
We have further increased our activities in electronics and mechatronics in the financial year 2021. We 
plan to continue developing our electronics competence and aim to offer our customers even better 
systems solutions for electric vehicles with regard to thermal management and the powertrain. 
Furthermore, we intend to expand our portfolio for electric motors in passenger cars, commercial 
vehicles and in two-wheeled vehicles, which are playing an ever-greater role in urban mobility around 
the world. 
We are pursuing a holistic approach in terms of both the development of solutions for alternative 
powertrain technologies and the optimization of the combustion engine. In MAHLE’s view, it is not only 
the electric motor that is decisive for efficiency in an electric vehicle, but more particularly the interplay 
of various technologies: for example, the cruising range of an electric vehicle can be increased by 
means of intelligent thermal management. Equally, a combustion engine’s overall system can also be 
used more efficiently when it is adapted to run on synthetic hydrogen or e-fuels.  
As part of our dual strategy, we review our portfolio as well as the strategic direction and economic 
performance of MAHLE Group on an ongoing basis. One of our strategic goals is to evenly distribute 
sales across our customers and core markets in Europe, North and South America, and Asia/Pacific – 
giving special attention to the Asian growth market. We consider our global presence to be an important 
prerequisite for proximity to our customers and for developing innovations in line with the demands of 
the individual markets. 
Expected financing of the MAHLE activities 
As a foundation-owned corporate, we pursue a conservative and diversified financing strategy aimed 
at ensuring sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility at all times. Our aim is to secure financial 
independence of our group, limit financing risks, and ensure we are able to exploit business 
opportunities at all times at reasonable costs.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
We aim to have a Net Debt / EBITDA ratio to be below 2.0x, which we have consistently achieved in 
the financial years 2014 through 2021, with the exception of the financial year 2020 due to effects of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, we set ourselves a minimum equity ratio target which is above 
33 per cent.  
MAHLE GmbH centrally performs the Group’s funding activities and grants intercompany loans to 
Group companies. Subsidiaries only raise funds locally where intercompany financing is not efficient or 
possible, e.g. for tax or regulatory reasons.  
We finance our business activities to the extent possible through cash generated from operating 
activities. Besides that, we are using a diversified portfolio of funding sources.  
A revolving credit facility concluded with our core banks constitutes the basis of our financing. 
Furthermore, we ensure our short to medium term liquidity through local bank loans and money market 
instruments and we make use of asset-based financing instruments (including an asset-backed 
securities program and (reverse) factoring programs). The medium to long term financing is primarily 
based on issuances of notes under the debt issuance program, private placements of bonds and 
promissory note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen). Occasionally, we are using project-based funding with 
(mostly) supranational institutions. 
Following our conservative financing strategy, we prepare our financial statements in accordance with 
the German Commercial Code (HGB). 
Furthermore, we have access to the equity market through our Brazilian subsidiary MAHLE Metal Leve 
S.A., which is listed on the Sao Paolo stock exchange. 
Overview of MAHLE’s financing arrangements 
Notes issued under the Programme 
MAHLE GmbH has issued the following Notes under the Programme (the “Existing Programme 
Notes”): 
• 
EUR 500 million 2.375% fixed rate notes due May 20, 2022; and 
 
• 
EUR 750 million 2.375% fixed rate notes due May 14, 2028. 
Corporate bond issued outside the Programme 
On August 27, 2019, MAHLE GmbH issued EUR 30 million 0.8% fixed rate notes due August 27, 2024 
(the “2019/2024 Notes”), which were placed with investors by way of a private placement. 
Revolving credit facility agreement 
MAHLE GmbH is borrower under a syndicated multicurrency revolving credit facility agreement in the 
amount of EUR 1.8 billion originally entered into with certain financial institutions on July 29, 2016 and 
amended on July 5, 2019, August 7, 2020 and April 21, 2022 (as amended from time to time, the 
“Facility Agreement”).  
The Facility Agreement provides for an option to increase the revolving credit facility by an amount of 
up to EUR 400 million and originally had a term of five years from the date of amendment on July 5, 
2019 (i.e. until July 4, 2024) subject to an uncommitted option for an extension by up to two years. Upon 
request from MAHLE GmbH, in February 2022 eight lenders agreed to an extension of the term of the 
Facility Agreement by one year, while two lenders did not agree to such extension. Accordingly, the 
commitments of these two lenders will terminate on July 4, 2024, while the Facility Agreement will 
remain in place with a reduced total commitment of the other lenders of EUR 1,466.7 million until July 4, 
2025. 
Each loan made available under the Facility Agreement bears interest calculated on the basis of 
EURIBOR (for EUR loans) or, following the 2022 amendment, SOFR (for USD loans) plus margin, with 
such margin being adjusted depending on MAHLE Group’s leverage ratio (i.e. the ratio of total net debt 
to EBITDA).

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
The Facility Agreement provides for customary events of default, the occurrence of which would allow 
for the cancellation of the lenders’ commitments or a declaration that all or part of the loans together 
with accrued interest and all other amounts outstanding under the finance documents are immediately 
due and payable. Moreover, each lender may terminate its commitment and require mandatory 
prepayment thereof in case of a change of control with regard to MAHLE GmbH (subject to a negotiation 
period). 
The Facility Agreement contains a number of affirmative and negative undertakings customary for this 
type of financing (including limitations on, inter alia, disposals, acquisitions, loans and guarantees, 
distributions and the granting of security) which are subject to certain specified exceptions. 
As of March 31, 2022, the revolving credit facility under the Facility Agreement was utilized in a total 
amount of EUR 33 million.  
Promissory note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
In 2014, 2017 and 2019, MAHLE GmbH as borrower has entered into various promissory note loan 
agreements (the “Promissory Note Loan Agreements”) regarding fixed rate and floating rate tranches 
of euro-denominated and USD-denominated promissory note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) which are 
currently outstanding in aggregate nominal amounts of EUR 521 million and USD 213 million, 
respectively.  
The Promissory Note Loan Agreements provide for different maturities:  
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 27 million will become due and payable in 2022; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 125 million will become due and payable in 2023; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 146 million will become due and payable in 2024; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of USD 175 million will become due and payable in 2024; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 95 million will become due and payable in 2025; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 73.5 million will become due and payable in 2026; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of USD 38 million will become due and payable in 2026; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 25 million will become due and payable in 2027; 
• loans in an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 29.5 million will become due and payable in 2029. 
The Promissory Note Loan Agreements provide for certain undertakings and restrictive covenants 
customary for this type of financing (including limitations on distributions and the granting of security) 
subject to certain specified exceptions.  
Each Promissory Note Loan Agreement also includes a termination right for the relevant lender in case 
of certain events of default. Moreover, each Promissory Note Loan Agreement requires mandatory 
prepayment in full of the loan if the relevant lender so requires after the occurrence of a change of 
control with regard to MAHLE GmbH. 
Bilateral loans and credit lines 
In addition to the Existing Programme Notes, the 2019/2024 Notes, the Facility Agreement and the 
Promissory Note Loan Agreements, MAHLE Group had bilateral loans and committed credit lines with 
certain financial institutions in an aggregate nominal amount of approximately EUR 380 million as of 
December 31, 2021, of which an aggregate amount of EUR 174 million was not utilized as of 
December 31, 2021. 
Asset-backed securities program and factoring programs 
Moreover, MAHLE has an asset-backed securities program (with a maximum volume of EUR 70 
million), a factoring program (with a maximum volume of EUR 27 million) and reverse factoring 
programs with multiple customers in place. 
Material Agreements 
Save for the financing arrangements described under “Overview of MAHLE’s financing arrangements” 
above, MAHLE believes that there are no material contracts entered into outside the ordinary course of 
business which could result in any member of MAHLE Group being under an obligation or an entitlement 
that is material to MAHLE’s ability to meet its obligations under securities issued under the Programme.

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Entities of MAHLE Group are regularly involved in legal disputes and administrative and arbitration 
proceedings relating to, inter alia, warranty claims, product liability, infringement of protected rights, 
patents or antitrust rules. Such disputes and proceedings could result in substantial payment obligations 
of, or costs to be borne by, the Group. 
With regard to the risk of warranty claims that MAHLE Group – like all producing enterprises – is 
exposed to, as well as with regard to risks from other legal disputes, adequate provisions have been 
recognized in the balance sheet to cover such claims. Part of the risk has been insured externally up to 
economically acceptable levels. 
MAHLE Group is not, and has, during the previous 12 months, not been, involved in any material 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which MAHLE is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on MAHLE’s and/or MAHLE Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Intellectual Property and Patents 
The protection of intellectual property is of considerable importance to MAHLE Group’s business 
activities. Patents and other intellectual property rights are particularly important to MAHLE Group, 
given its focus on continuous innovation and the development of new technologies, products and 
processes. To a large degree, MAHLE Group’s success therefore depends on its ability to protect the 
innovations it devises. Consequently, MAHLE Group assigns a high priority to protecting these 
technologies and innovations with intellectual property rights. MAHLE Group holds a multitude of patent 
families as well as trademarks and other intellectual property rights that are of considerable importance 
for its business success. MAHLE Group’s patent strategies are focused on protecting its markets, core 
competencies, and research and development activities. 
ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) 
As ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) has a steadily increasing impact on capital market 
participants, MAHLE has procured a rating from EcoVadis, an agency assessing the sustainability of 
companies. According to the rating issued by EcoVadis in February 2022, MAHLE is amongst the best 
25 per cent. of its industry peers1 and thus was awarded a “Silver Medal” from EcoVadis2. 
In addition, we report on our management approach on greenhouse gas emissions to CDP (formerly 
the Carbon Disclosure Project). CDP rated our 2021 response on “Climate Change” with a “B”.3  
Business segments that are independent of the OEM business for passenger car combustion engines 
today already account for approximately 60 per cent. of our group sales. By 2030, MAHLE targets this 
figure to be approximately 75 per cent. Moreover, dedicated responsibilities and overarching 
management for ESG matters are implemented. 
                                                     
 
1  
All companies rated by EcoVadis in the “Manufacture of parts and accessories for motor vehicles” industry. 
2  
EcoVadis’ medals categories are based on overall scores (0-100) assigned by EcoVadis to the rated 
companies. The score levels and relating medals categories for ratings that were issued by EcoVadis in 2022 
are as follows: 
• 
Platinum – top 1% (overall score between 75 and 100); 
• 
Gold – top 5% (overall score between 67and 74); 
• 
Silver – top 25% (overall score between 56 and 66); 
• 
Bronze – top 50% (overall score between 47 and 55). 
MAHLE was assigned a score of 57 out of 100 by EcoVadis in 2022. 
3  
CDP Scores on Climate Change are divided in the following categories:  
• 
Leadership (A/A-): Implementing current best practices; 
• 
Management (B/B-): Taking coordinated action on climate issues; 
• 
Awareness (C/C-): Knowledge of impacts on, and of, climate issues; 
• 
Disclosure (D/D-): Transparent about climate issues.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
Our approach to environmental protection extends from research and development to production 
through to the recycling of our products. Existing products, consumables, processes, and machines are 
subject to ongoing review and improvement in order to minimize environmental impacts. 
Since 2020, our global activities have focused on achieving carbon neutrality by 2040 in terms of all 
direct CO2 emissions and those associated with purchased energy (Scope 1 and Scope 2 in 
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol).  
As a mid-term target, we aim to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 emissions by at least 55 per 
cent. compared to our 2018 emissions by the end of 2030. 
To achieve this target, we are taking actions in three areas: 
1)  We aim to increase energy efficiency by 2 per cent. every year. 
2)  By operating our own photovoltaic systems, we intend to generate electricity from solar energy. 
We carried out two reference projects with photovoltaics in Parma (Italy) and Montblanc (Spain) in 
2021 and plan to build further photovoltaic systems in 2022.  
3)  We aim to increasingly use renewable energy sources to cover our electricity demand and 
minimize our CO2 emissions. In the long term, we will also use compensation measures to offset 
any remaining CO2 emissions. 
Furthermore, in light of emissions in the upstream and downstream value chain (Scope 3 in accordance 
with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) becoming increasingly important to our stakeholders, we plan on 
integrating these into our data recording. On this basis, we can develop a Scope 3 target as well as a 
Scope 3 roadmap. In course of this, MAHLE intends to integrate CO2 targets in awarding criteria of 
suppliers and processes.  
Since 2021, MAHLE Group’s locations in Germany are carbon-neutral (Scope 1 and Scope 2 in 
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol).  
We are also working to introduce environmental management systems in accordance with ISO 14001 
and/or EMAS at all our locations. At the end of 2021, 144 locations were certified in line with at least 
one of these standards. In addition, 15 locations were certified in accordance with the ISO 50001 energy 
management system. 
We believe this systematic approach to help us achieve our environmental goals for, e.g. the reduction 
of waste and water consumption. MAHLE has an established approach to set site-specific goals which 
are continuously tracked and regularly updated. 
MAHLE is responsible for the well-being and safety of its employees. We implement technical, 
organizational, and personal protective measures to minimize occupational risks. These steps are 
based on regular risk assessments, from which we continuously derive measures aimed at improving 
safety at work and related targets. We check compliance with the targets and implementation of the 
measures by means of regular audits and observation tours. In the financial year 2021, MAHLE has 
adopted new global guidelines for sustainable health and safety at work as well as environmental and 
climate protection. In the financial year 2021, the accident rate (which indicates the number of accidents 
per million hours worked that resulted in lost time or reassignment to light duties) amounted to 4.2 and 
has therefore increased slightly compared with the previous year. Overall, we were able to reduce the 
accident rate significantly compared with 2017 following the successful implementation of occupational 
safety initiatives: while we still recorded 6.8 accidents per million hours worked in 2017, there were only 
4.2 accidents per million hours worked in 2021, a reduction of almost 38 per cent. The introduction and 
maintenance of a safety at work management system in accordance with ISO 45001 is an important 
pillar for improving workplace safety at our plants. At the end of 2021, 93 MAHLE locations were already 
certified to ISO 45001 standards. We plan to gradually extend this to cover all our locations in the 
coming years.  
With the help of MAHLE-STIFTUNG, we supported more than 100 social projects and initiatives 
worldwide in 2021.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
Key elements of our compliance structure include the MAHLE Business Code, the global compliance 
organization, the whistle-blower system for internal and external compliance-related communications, 
as well as the training concept for risk areas relevant to compliance and preventive measures.  
The department for sustainability, environment, and work safety that was newly established in 2021 
coordinates the Group-wide sustainability activities and is responsible for the conception and realization 
of the sustainability program. The also newly established Sustainability Steering Committee monitors 
and coordinates the various activities in the area of sustainability. The committee consists of members 
of the Management Board, the central sustainability function, and other core areas. We annually publish 
our progress on sustainability in our Sustainability Report. 
Recent Events 
MAHLE GmbH and Matthias Arleth, who had become Chairman of the Management Board and CEO 
of MAHLE GmbH as of January 1, 2022, mutually agreed on a termination of their cooperation and 
Matthias Arleth resigned from his office as managing director with effect as of April 14, 2022. Michael 
Frick, currently Deputy Chairman of the Management Board and CFO of MAHLE GmbH, will take over 
the position as Chairman of the Management Board and CEO on an interim basis as from May 1, 2022 
until a decision on a successor as CEO has been taken by the Supervisory Board. 
On February 24, 2022, Russia launched a military attack on Ukraine which is ongoing as of the date of 
this Prospectus and has already affected, and may further affect, the entire automotive industry, 
including MAHLE Group as well as its customers and suppliers. Several nations, international 
organizations as well as the EU have condemned the Russian actions and have resolved on further 
and stricter sanctions against Russia as well as other measures. These sanctions include, inter alia, 
freezing of assets, restricting access to the financial system, the exclusion of certain Russian banks 
from SWIFT and banning transactions with the Central Bank of Russia, overflight bans, import bans on 
coal, oil and gas as well as export controls. Russia has, in turn, announced and resolved on similar 
retaliations measures against jurisdictions that have imposed sanctions against Russia, including the 
United States, the United Kingdom and members of the EU. Additional sanctions against Russia as well 
as counter-sanctions by Russia are likely to follow. 
The still ongoing shortage of semiconductors (which commenced in 2020 and has since increased and 
might even further intensify as a result of the war in Ukraine given that neon gas from Ukraine is required 
for chip production) has recently continued to negatively affect the production operations of MAHLE 
Group as well as its customers and suppliers. 
MAHLE Group has recently been affected by rising costs for energy, raw materials and logistics, also 
in light of the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Some of the raw materials MAHLE Group is dependent 
on had huge price hikes in 2021, even worse in the first quarter of 2022, having a negative effect on 
profitability. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy has recently generally 
weakened, the COVID-19 pandemic still causes supply bottlenecks, which also affect MAHLE Group’s 
operations. 
In particular due to the ongoing shortage of semiconductors and other supply bottlenecks (including 
those recently caused by again rising COVID-19 infections in China) as well as plant closures and 
production adjustments at OEM customers (including those additionally caused by the war in Ukraine 
and resulting interruptions of supply chains), production capacities at several of our locations continued 
to be not fully utilized or have been (further) reduced and short-time work has been continued, extended 
or introduced (as applicable) in 2022. 
The aforementioned effects of the war in Ukraine (including sanctions imposed against Russia and any 
counter-sanctions by Russia), the persistent and increasing shortage of semiconductors, the further 
increase of costs for energy, raw materials and logistics as well as the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic 
resulted (partly on their own, partly overlapping), together with other effects on the Group’s working 
capital, in an increase of MAHLE Group’s net debt as of March 31, 2022 by approximately EUR 170 
million compared to December 31, 2021. 
Apart from any negative (economic or other) effects that might result from the current market 
environment (e.g. a further escalation of the war in Ukraine and semiconductor shortages) and might 
materially adversely affect the business and financial condition of automotive suppliers such as MAHLE 
and other producing enterprises in general, there are no recent events particular to MAHLE which are

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
(or could, depending on their future further development, potentially become) to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of MAHLE’s solvency. 
Trend Information / Significant Changes 
The performance of MAHLE Group is affected by macroeconomic and industry specific factors. MAHLE 
Group’s business and demand for its products is directly linked to general economic conditions, 
particularly within the Group’s key markets in Europe, North and South America and Asia, with the 
current war in Ukraine (including sanctions imposed against Russia and any counter-sanctions by 
Russia), the ongoing shortage of semiconductors and other supply bottlenecks as well as potential 
further waves of the COVID-19 pandemic causing considerable uncertainty in 2022. Moreover, costs 
for energy and logistics as well as many raw materials are likely to further increase. While the effects of 
the aforementioned factors on the global economy and the automotive markets in particular are difficult 
to predict, they are likely to further interfere with production operations and supply chains as well as 
lead to continued cost pressure on the materials and energy supply side. Reductions of customers’ 
production capacities might lead to reduced orders and call-offs, and bottlenecks in MAHLE Group’s 
supply chains might result in MAHLE Group not being able to produce as planned.  
The war in Ukraine is expected to have a predominantly indirect impact on MAHLE Group’s sales and 
results of operations, which, however, cannot be adequately determined or reliably quantified as of the 
date of this Prospectus. Further restrictions regarding the export of Russian oil and gas are expected 
to result in a significant increase in energy prices and could also lead to higher prices for raw materials 
and components required for the manufacturing of MAHLE Group’s products as the production costs of 
MAHLE Group’s suppliers increase accordingly. A stoppage or disruption of gas supplies from Russia 
to Germany and other states of the European Union could lead to a delay or partial discontinuation of 
MAHLE Group’s and its customers’ and its suppliers’ production due to restricted energy supply or 
potentially make production uneconomical and thus also adversely affect MAHLE Group’s results of 
operations and financial position. 
Moreover, due to increasing inflation rates in Europe and the United States, the European Central Bank 
might raise interest rates and the announced phasing out of its asset purchase program might be 
accelerated, and the Federal Reserve Bank might further raise interest rates, with possible negative 
impacts on MAHLE’s business and refinancing costs. 
Furthermore, MAHLE Group’s prospects for the current and future financial years are particularly 
affected by the ongoing transformation process in the automotive industry in light of the megatrends set 
out above under “Strategy”. 
Except for any impact of the war in Ukraine (including sanctions imposed against Russia and any 
counter-sanctions by Russia), the persistent and increasing shortage of semiconductors, the further 
increase of costs for energy, raw materials and logistics as well as the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic 
on MAHLE Group’s financial position and results of operations (as described under “Recent Events” 
above), there has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of 
MAHLE Group since December 31, 2021. 
Save for the extension of the term of the Facility Agreement (see “Overview of MAHLE’s financing 
arrangements – Revolving credit facility agreement” above), there has been no material change in the 
borrowing and funding structure of MAHLE Group since December 31, 2021. 
Except for any adverse effects that the war in Ukraine (including sanctions imposed against Russia and 
any counter-sanctions by Russia), the persistent and increasing shortage of semiconductors and the 
further increase of costs for energy, raw materials and logistics as well as the still ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic might have on the global economy and the automotive markets and thus also on the 
business, results of operations and prospects of MAHLE Group (as described above), there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of MAHLE Group since December 31, 2021.

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Die 
Programm-Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") 
sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
The programme terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for two 
options: 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf 
Tranchen 
von 
in 
Euro 
denominierten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variabler 
Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to euro denominated Tranches of Notes with floating 
interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes 
der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options 
contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, 
welche 
der 
Option 
I 
oder 
Option 
II 
(einschließlich 
der jeweils 
enthaltenen 
bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine whether 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to 
an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatte, 
die 
auf 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the 
Issuer did not have knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the 
Final Terms. 
[Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für 
eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen verweisen, die im Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten für 
diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen; 
sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich 
der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen 
Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
[In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the 
set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, 
the following applies: The provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out 
in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to 
the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on 
any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an 
einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien 
der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings 
ausschließlich für die Gläubiger (wie in § 1(5) definiert) 
solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.] 
will only be available to Holders (as defined in § 1(5)) of 
such Notes.]

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with fixed interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN  
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, FESTGELEGTE STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, SPECIFIED DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der MAHLE GmbH ("MAHLE" 
oder die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag 
in Worten]), eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen" 
und 
jeweils 
eine 
"Schuldverschreibung") in der festgelegten Stückelung 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Specified Denomination. This series of 
Notes of MAHLE GmbH ("MAHLE" or the "Issuer") is 
being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the global note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(4)),] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]), divided 
into notes (the "Notes" and each a "Note") in the specified 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
denomination] 
(the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
Emissionsstelle (wie nachstehend in § 6(1) definiert) 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Ausstellung 
und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu verlangen, ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Notes 
in 
the 
Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global 
note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
(as defined in § 6(1) below). Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued and the right of 
the Holders of Notes to request the issue and 
delivery of definitive Notes shall be excluded. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
darf 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable 
for the Permanent Global Note from a date 40 days 
after the date of issue of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall 
only be made upon delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). 
Any securities delivered in exchange for the

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingeht, 
wird 
als 
ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
geliefert werden. 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States. 
 
"Vereinigte Staaten" bezeichnet die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
"United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird von einem oder für 
ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" 
bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien, ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System. "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of]: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL")] 
[and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] 
[(CBL 
and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen 
der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global 
Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.  
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und 
eine für zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche 
Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden 
ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by 
the global note shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall 
be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD 
at that time. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer Zinszahlung auf die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
beim 
Kauf 
und 
der 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des 
Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the global note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
Bei 
Austausch 
nur 
eines 
Teils 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.] 
details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in 
the records of the ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen 
der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine 
CGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical 
Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER 
EMITTENTIN 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Verpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen direkten, unbedingten, 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verpflichtungen nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other present or future 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are 
accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich 
zugunsten der Gläubiger, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
der Emittentin ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen dem Clearing System 
oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (a) keine Sicherheiten an 
ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
zu 
gewähren 
oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen, und (b) sicherzustellen (in dem 
rechtlich 
zulässigen 
Rahmen), 
dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften Sicherheiten an 
ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bestellt oder fortbestehen 
lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit oder zu 
einem früheren Zeitpunkt an solchen Sicherheiten oder an 
solchen 
anderen 
Sicherheiten, 
die 
von 
einem 
internationalen 
angesehenen 
unabhängigen 
Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt 
werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis 
teilnehmen zu lassen. Eine Sicherheit, die im Sinne des 
vorstehenden Satzes gewährt werden muss, kann auch 
einem Treuhänder im Namen der Gläubiger gewährt 
werden. 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes for the benefit 
of the Holders, as long as any Notes of the Issuer are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest under the Notes have been placed at the 
disposal of the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System, (a) not to create or permit to subsist any 
Security over any of its assets for any present or future 
Capital Markets Indebtedness, and (b) to procure (to the 
extent legally possible and permissible) that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries creates or permits to subsist any 
Security over its assets for any present or future Capital 
Markets Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior 
thereto having the Holders share equally and rateably in 
such Security or such other security as shall be approved 
by an independent accounting firm of internationally 
recognised standing as being equivalent security. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to the first 
sentence may also be provided to a trustee on behalf of 
the Holders. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet: 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:  
"Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft" 
jede 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert), mit 
Ausnahme einer Ausgeschlossenen Tochtergesellschaft,  
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined 
below), other than any Excluded Subsidiary, which 
(i) 
die 
mindestens 
5,00 % 
zum 
konsolidierten 
Gesamtumsatz der MAHLE Gruppe (ohne den 
Gesamtumsatz 
einer 
Ausgeschlossenen 
Tochtergesellschaft) beigetragen hat; und/oder 
(i) 
contributed at least 5.00 per cent. to the consolidated 
total turnover of MAHLE Group (excluding total 
turnover of any Excluded Subsidiary); and/or

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
(ii) 
deren Bilanzsumme einen Anteil von 5,00 % der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der MAHLE Gruppe 
ausmacht 
(ohne 
die 
Bilanzsumme 
einer 
Ausgeschlossenen Tochtergesellschaft), 
(ii) 
contributed at least 5.00 per cent. to the consolidated 
total assets of MAHLE Group (excluding total assets 
of any Excluded Subsidiary),  
wobei eine Gesellschaft, die keine Tochtergesellschaft 
mehr 
ist, 
auch 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gilt. 
provided that an entity which ceases to be a Subsidiary 
shall cease to qualify as a Material Subsidiary. 
Für diesen Zweck: 
For this purpose: 
(i) 
wird die Bilanzsumme und/oder der Umsatz einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
von 
MAHLE 
nach 
deren 
Abschluss 
(nicht 
konsolidiert, 
sofern 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
bestimmt, auf dem der letzte verfügbare geprüfte 
konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von MAHLE beruht; 
(i) 
the total assets and/or turnover of a Subsidiary of 
MAHLE will be determined from its financial 
statements (unconsolidated if it has subsidiaries) 
upon which the latest available audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of MAHLE have been 
based; 
(ii) 
wird in Fällen, in denen eine Gesellschaft nach dem 
Datum, zu dem der letzte verfügbare geprüfte 
konsolidierte 
Jahresabschluss 
von 
MAHLE 
aufgestellt wurde, Teil der MAHLE Gruppe wird, die 
Bilanzsumme 
und/oder 
der 
Umsatz 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
nach 
deren 
letztem 
Jahresabschluss (nicht konsolidiert, sofern diese 
Gesellschaft 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
bestimmt; 
(ii) 
if a company becomes a member of MAHLE Group 
after the date on which the latest available audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of MAHLE 
have been prepared, the total assets and/or turnover 
of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest 
annual financial statements (unconsolidated if it has 
subsidiaries);  
(iii) 
wird die konsolidierte Bilanzsumme und/oder der 
konsolidierte Umsatz von MAHLE nach dem letzten 
verfügbaren 
geprüften 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
von 
MAHLE 
bestimmt, 
gegebenenfalls 
so 
angepasst, 
dass 
die 
Bilanzsumme und/oder der Umsatz einer danach 
erworbenen oder veräußerten Gesellschaft oder 
eines 
danach 
erworbenen 
oder 
veräußerten 
Geschäftsbetriebs berücksichtigt wird; und 
(iii) 
the consolidated total assets and/or turnover of 
MAHLE will be determined from the latest available 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
MAHLE, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the 
total assets and/or turnover of any company or 
business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(iv) 
gilt in Fällen, in denen eine Tochtergesellschaft (die 
"Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft"), welche die 
vorstehend genannten Voraussetzungen erfüllt, alle 
oder 
im 
Wesentlichen 
alle 
ihre 
Vermögensgegenstände 
an 
eine 
andere 
Tochtergesellschaft von MAHLE (die "Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft") veräußert, die Veräußernde 
Tochtergesellschaft unverzüglich nicht mehr als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
und 
gilt 
die 
Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft 
mit 
sofortiger 
Wirkung als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft (falls 
sie dies nicht bereits ist); die anschließend 
aufgestellten 
Jahresabschlüsse 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaften und von MAHLE werden zur 
Bestimmung der Frage herangezogen, ob es sich 
bei diesen Tochtergesellschaften weiterhin um 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (bzw. keine 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften) handelt oder 
nicht. 
(iv) 
if any Subsidiary (the "Disposing Subsidiary") 
meeting the abovementioned requirements disposes 
of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of MAHLE (the "Acquiring Subsidiary"), 
the Disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to 
be a Material Subsidiary and the Acquiring 
Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately 
become a Material Subsidiary; the subsequent 
financial statements of those Subsidiaries and 
MAHLE will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries will continue to be (or not to be) Material 
Subsidiaries or not. 
Bei Uneinigkeit über die Frage, ob es sich bei einer 
Gesellschaft um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
handelt 
oder 
nicht, 
gilt 
eine 
Bestätigung 
der 
Abschlussprüfer von MAHLE, außer im Falle eines 
offenkundigen Fehlers, als schlüssiger Nachweis. 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a 
Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of MAHLE 
will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive 
evidence. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet zu jeder Zeit ein 
Unternehmen, das 
"Subsidiary" means at any time any enterprise 
(i) 
MAHLE direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert; oder 
(i) 
which is directly or indirectly controlled by MAHLE; 
or

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
(ii) 
an dem MAHLE mittelbar oder unmittelbar die 
Mehrheit der Anteile hält; oder 
(ii) 
of which MAHLE directly or indirectly holds the 
majority of the shares; or 
(iii) 
bei dem MAHLE mittelbar oder unmittelbar die 
Mehrheit der Stimmrechte ausüben kann, 
(iii) 
of which MAHLE directly or indirectly owns the 
majority of the total voting power, 
und im Rahmen dieser Definition soll eine Gesellschaft 
dann als von MAHLE kontrolliert gelten, wenn MAHLE in 
der Lage ist, deren Geschäftsgang zu leiten und/oder die 
Besetzung des Vorstandes oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gremiums 
zu 
bestimmen. 
Fälle 
von 
mehrfacher 
Abhängigkeit in Bezug auf Joint Venture Gesellschaften, 
an denen kein Partner mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
hält, sollen dabei ausgeschlossen sein.  
and, for the purpose of this definition, an enterprise shall 
be deemed to be controlled by MAHLE, if MAHLE is in the 
position to manage its business and/or to determine the 
members of its Executive Board or its comparable 
committee. Cases of multiple dependency (mehrfache 
Abhängigkeit) in relation of Joint Venture Entities where no 
partner holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
shall be excluded.  
"Joint Venture Gesellschaft" bezeichnet jegliche Joint 
Venture Gesellschaft, gleichgültig ob es sich um eine 
Körperschaft, 
eine 
Personengesellschaft, 
eine 
Verpflichtung, eine Vereinigung, ein Joint Venture oder 
eine Partnerschaft oder eine andere Unternehmung 
handelt, mit Ausnahme von, zur Vermeidung von 
Missverständnissen, einer Tochtergesellschaft. 
"Joint Venture Entity" means any joint venture entity, 
whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking, 
association, joint venture or partnership or any other entity, 
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary. 
"Ausgeschlossene Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet 
MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. und jede Tochtergesellschaft der 
MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
and each Subsidiary of MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
"MAHLE Gruppe" bezeichnet MAHLE und ihre jeweiligen 
Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als Ganzes. 
"MAHLE Group" means MAHLE and its Subsidiaries from 
time to time, taken as a whole. 
"Sicherheit" 
bezeichnet 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Lasten, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Pfandrechte, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, Sicherungsübereignungen oder 
sonstige 
dingliche 
Sicherungsvereinbarungen 
oder -absprachen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese 
sich auf bestehende oder künftige Vermögenswerte oder 
Erträge beziehen.  
"Security" means any mortgages (Grundpfandrechte), 
encumbrances, 
pledge 
agreements 
(Verpfändungsvereinbarungen), pledges (Pfandrechte), 
security assignments (Sicherungsabtretungen), transfers 
by way of security (Sicherungsübereignungen) or other 
agreements 
on 
security 
in 
rem 
(dingliche 
Sicherungsvereinbarungen), irrespective of whether such 
agreements refer to current or future assets or income.  
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, (i) die durch 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an 
einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder 
werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist, oder (ii) aus 
einem Schuldschein bzw. Schuldscheindarlehen. 
"Capital Markets Indebtedness" means any obligation of 
the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed money (i) which 
is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, 
notes or other securities which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market; or (ii) 
under a certificate of indebtedness (Schuldschein, 
Schuldscheindarlehen). 
Um 
etwaige 
Zweifel 
bezüglich 
"asset-backed-
Finanzierungen" der Emittentin oder ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften zu vermeiden, schließen die in 
diesem 
§ 2 
benutzten 
Begriffe 
"Vermögen" 
und 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin und ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
ein, die bei Abschluss der jeweiligen Transaktion im 
Einklang mit den jeweils anwendbaren Gesetzen und den 
bezüglich 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
bzw. 
bezüglich 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften den in der Jurisdiktion, in der diese 
ansässig sind, anerkannten Regeln der Bilanzierung und 
Buchführung nicht in der Bilanz der Emittentin bzw. ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
ausgewiesen 
werden mussten und darin auch nicht ausgewiesen 
werden. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to "asset-backed 
financings" originated by the Issuer or its Material 
Subsidiaries, the expressions "asset" and "Capital Markets 
Indebtedness" as used in this § 2 do not include assets 
and obligations of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries 
which, at the time of the transaction pursuant to the 
requirements of applicable law and accounting principles 
generally accepted with respect to the Issuer in the 
Federal Republic of Germany and, respectively, with 
respect to its Material Subsidiaries in the jurisdiction they 
are domiciled need not, and are not, reflected in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries, 
respectively. 
(3) Umfang der Negativverpflichtung. § 2(2) gilt nicht in 
Bezug auf Sicherheiten,  
(3) Scope of the Negative Pledge. § 2(2) shall not apply in 
relation to any Security,

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
(a) 
die kraft Gesetzes entstehen oder die aufgrund 
eines 
gesetzlichen 
Anspruchs 
nach 
dem 
Aktiengesetz oder nach dem Umwandlungsgesetz 
oder 
nach 
vergleichbaren 
Regelungen 
einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung zu bestellen sind; 
(a) 
arising by operation of law (kraft Gesetzes) or which 
are to be granted by reason of a statutory claim 
(gesetzlicher Anspruch) pursuant to the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or pursuant to 
the 
German 
Transformation 
Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz) 
or 
pursuant 
to 
similar 
provisions of other jurisdictions;  
(b) 
die einen Vermögensgegenstand, den ein Mitglied 
der·MAHLE 
Gruppe 
nach 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erwirbt, 
bereits 
zum 
Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs belasten, sofern (i) die 
jeweilige Sicherheit nicht in Zusammenhang mit dem 
Erwerb dieses Vermögensgegenstandes bestellt 
oder erhöht worden ist, und (ii) innerhalb von 6 
(sechs) 
Monaten 
nach 
Erwerb 
des 
Vermögensgegenstands aufgehoben oder abgelöst 
wird; 
(b) 
which already encumbered an asset, acquired by a 
member of MAHLE Group after the issuance of the 
Notes, at the time of its acquisition, if (i) the relevant 
Security has not been granted or increased in 
connection with the acquisition of such asset and (ii) 
if the relevant Security will be cancelled or replaced 
within 6 (six) months upon the acquisition of the 
asset; 
(c) 
die einen Vermögensgegenstand einer Gesellschaft 
belasten, 
die 
nach 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Mitglied der MAHLE 
Gruppe wird, sofern die jeweilige Sicherheit, 
(i) bereits zu dem Zeitpunkt besteht, zu dem die 
betreffende Gesellschaft ein Mitglied der MAHLE 
Gruppe wird; (ii) nicht in Zusammenhang mit dem 
Erwerb der Anteile an der betreffenden Gesellschaft 
durch eines oder mehrere Mitglieder der MAHLE 
Gruppe oder einer anderweitigen Eingliederung der 
betreffenden Gesellschaft in die MAHLE Gruppe 
bestellt oder erhöht worden ist; und (iii) innerhalb von 
6 (sechs) Monaten, nachdem die betreffende 
Gesellschaft ein Mitglied der MAHLE Gruppe 
geworden ist, aufgehoben oder abgelöst wird; 
(c) 
which encumbers an asset of a company which 
becomes a member of MAHLE Group after the 
issuance of the Notes, if the relevant Security (i) 
already existed at the time when the relevant 
company becomes a member of MAHLE Group; (ii) 
has not been granted or increased in connection with 
the acquisition of the shares of the relevant company 
by a member of MAHLE Group or its integration in 
MAHLE Group, if occurred other than by the 
acquisition of shares; and (iii) if the relevant Security 
will be cancelled or replaced within 6 (six) months 
upon the relevant company became a member of 
MAHLE Group; 
(d) 
die gewährt oder bestehen gelassen wird über 
Vermögensgegenstände, 
die 
sich 
außerhalb 
Deutschlands befinden oder über Rechte und 
Forderungen eines Mitglieds der MAHLE Gruppe, 
das außerhalb Deutschlands gegründet wurde, 
unter der Voraussetzung, dass eine gruppeninterne 
Finanzierung eines solchen Mitglieds der MAHLE 
Gruppe nicht möglich oder nicht sinnvoll ist, des 
Weiteren unter der Voraussetzung, dass der 
Gesamtnennbetrag solcher Verpflichtungen, die im 
Vertrauen auf diesen § 2(3) besichert wurden, zu 
keinem Zeitpunkt den Betrag oder den Gegenwert 
von EUR 150.000.000 (in Worten: einhundertfünzig 
Millionen Euro) überschreiten; 
(d) 
created or allowed to exist over assets located in, or 
over rights and receivables owned by a member of 
MAHLE Group incorporated in a jurisdiction other 
than Germany, provided that an intra-group 
financing of such member of MAHLE Group is not 
possible or not sensible and provided further that the 
aggregate principal amount of all such obligations 
secured in reliance on this § 2(3) may not at any time 
exceed 
the 
amount 
or 
the 
equivalent 
of 
EUR 150,000,000 (in words: one hundred fifty 
million Euros); 
(e) 
die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einer Projekt-
Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
einer 
Joint-Venture-
Gesellschaft in einer Gesamthöhe oder dem 
Gegenwert von bis zu EUR 200.000,000 (in 
Worten: zweihundert Millionen Euro) zum Zwecke 
der vollständigen oder teilweisen Finanzierung der 
Erwerbs-, Aufbau- oder Entwicklungskosten einer 
solchen 
Projekt-Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
Joint-
Venture-Gesellschaft 
besichern, 
vorausgesetzt 
dass: 
(e) 
securing Capital Markets Indebtedness of a project 
special purpose vehicle or Joint Venture Entity 
incurred for the purpose of financing all or part of the 
costs of the acquisition, construction or development 
of such project special purpose vehicle or Joint 
Venture Entity in a total amount or the equivalent of 
up to EUR 200,000,000 (in words: two hundred 
million Euro), provided that: 
(i) 
die 
Inhaber 
einer 
solchen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit ausdrücklich damit 
einverstanden sind, ihren Rückgriff auf die 
Vermögensgegenstände oder Einkünfte einer 
solchen Projekt-Zweckgesellschaft oder Joint-
Venture-Gesellschaft als die Hauptquelle für 
die 
Rückführung 
solcher 
(i) 
the 
holders 
of 
such 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness expressly agree to limit their 
recourse to the assets and revenues of such 
project special purpose vehicle or Joint 
Venture Entity as the principal source of 
repayment 
of 
such 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness; and

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zu beschränken; 
und  
(ii) 
der Besitz, über den eine solche Sicherheit 
gewährt 
wird, 
ausschließlich 
aus 
Vermögensgegenständen und Einkünften von 
und Mitgliedsschaftrechten an solchen Projekt-
Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
Joint-Venture-
Gesellschaft besteht; 
(ii) 
the property over which such Security is 
granted consists solely of assets and revenues 
of 
and 
any 
participation 
rights 
(Mitgliedschaftsrechte) in such project special 
purpose vehicle or Joint Venture Entity; 
(f) 
die vor der Begebung der Schuldverschreibung als 
Sicherheit 
für 
eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
gewährt wurden (einschließlich einer späteren 
Refinanzierung 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit und einer Erneuerung 
oder 
Wiederholung 
einer 
Sicherheit 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer solchen Refinanzierung) 
und die nicht unter eine der Ausnahmen in (a) bis (e) 
fallen, vorausgesetzt dass der Gesamtbetrag einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
(einschließlich 
Zusagen), die durch eine solche Sicherheit besichert 
wird, nicht erhöht wird. 
(f) 
which has been granted as security for Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness 
(including 
any 
later 
refinancing of that Capital Markets Indebtedness 
and any renewal or retaking of such Security in 
connection with such refinancing) prior to the 
issuance of the Notes and which do not fall under 
any of the exceptions mentioned in clauses (a) to (e) 
above, provided that the aggregate amount of 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness 
(including 
commitments) secured by such Security is not 
increased; or 
(g) 
die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
in 
einer 
Gesamthöhe oder dem Gegenwert von bis zu 
EUR 50.000,000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
besichern und nicht unter die Ausnahmen in (a) bis 
(f) fallen. 
(g) 
which secures any Capital Markets Indebtedness in 
a total amount or the equivalent of up to 
EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million Euros) and 
which does not fall under any of the exceptions 
mentioned in clauses (a) to (f) above. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihre 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [Sofern 
der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
beläuft 
sich 
auf 
[anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung]]. 
[Sofern der Endfälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum 
vom [letzter dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte 
Stückelung].] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes 
shall bear interest on their Specified Denomination at the 
rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from and 
including [Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date. Interest shall be payable in arrear 
on [Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of 
interest shall be made on [first Interest Payment Date] [If 
first Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of 
Interest Commencement Date the following applies: 
and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination]]. [If Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: Interest in respect 
of the period from (and including) [Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to [final broken amount per 
Specified Denomination].] 
(2) Zinstagequotient. Zinsen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum 
werden auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten 
berechnet. 
(2) Day Count Fraction. If interest is required to be 
calculated for any period of time, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction. 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrages 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following 
applies: 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in die er fällt, oder 
kürzer als diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 
das 
Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl von Tagen in der 
betreffenden Feststellungsperiode und (B) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden; und 
the product of (A) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (B) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger als eine 
Feststellungsperiode ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one 
Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der betreffenden Feststellungsperiode und 
(2) der Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungsperioden, die üblicherweise in 
einem Jahr enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year. 
Für diesen Zweck gilt:  
For this purpose: 
"Feststellungstermin" bezeichnet jeden [Tag(e) 
einfügen]; und 
"Determination Date" means each [insert date(s)]; 
and 
"Feststellungsperiode" bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum 
ab einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich), der in 
ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum nächsten 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich).] 
"Determination Period" means each period from 
and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar; die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls 
ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, 
dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht 
in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period not falling in a leap 
year divided by 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 ist Folgendes anwenbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf 
den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verkürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless, (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of 
the month of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the Calculation

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), 
A/365 (Fixed) oder A/365F ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 
(Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F, the following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365.] 
(3) 
Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt 
die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen (§ 288 BGB). 
(3) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to accrue beyond the due 
date until the actual redemption of the Notes at the default 
rate of interest established by law (§ 288 of the German 
Civil Code (BGB)). 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems. 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect 
of Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
§ 4(2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes 
shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
§ 4(2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Geschäftstage. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung kein Geschäftstag, 
wird der Fälligkeitstag auf den nächsten Tag verschoben, 
der 
ein 
Geschäftstag 
ist. 
Für 
eine 
solche 
Zahlungsverzögerung werden keine weiteren Zinsen 
gezahlt. 
(4) Business Days. If any due date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, it will 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. No 
further interest shall be paid in respect of the delay in such 
payment. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen 
Tag, 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a day 
which is 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
(i) an dem das Clearing System und (ii) alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
[if the Specified Currency is Euro, the following 
applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System and (ii) all 
relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments].

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, gilt 
Folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System geöffnet 
ist, 
um 
Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln 
und 
(ii) Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
[if the Specified Currency is not Euro, the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System is 
open to effect payments and (ii) commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centers].] 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem 
Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:, den Make-
Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag;] [falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: [if 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer at specified Call 
Redemption Amounts the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount the following applies: , the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount;] [if redeemable at the option of the 
Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable for reasons of a 
Change of Control, the following applies: the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and 
any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, VORZEITIGE KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION, EARLY REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
eingezogen, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer festgelegten Stückelung 
an 
dem 
[Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at maturity. To the extent not previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Specified 
Denomination on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption by the Issuer. 
(a) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(i) 
Wenn der Emittentin ein Gutachten einer 
anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die 
Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine Kopie 
davon überlässt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an 
dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 definiert) verpflichtet sein 
(i) 
If an opinion of a recognised law firm has been 
delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to 
pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series 
of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to 
pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7), 
and this obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good 
faith) deems reasonable and appropriate, the

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
wird und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält, dann ist die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise, 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
zu 
ihrer 
festgelegten Stückelung nebst etwaigen bis zu 
dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Issuer may, by giving notice in accordance with 
clause (ii), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes 
at 
any 
time 
at 
their 
Specified 
Denomination together with accrued interest, if 
any, to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption on the date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, 
oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht 
mehr wirksam ist. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect. 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen bekannt zu geben. Die Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(B) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin; und 
(B) 
the date fixed for redemption; and 
(C) 
eine Zusammenfassung, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
(C) 
a summary of the facts constituting the 
basis for the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem. 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungsbeträgen (Call) zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption 
Amounts the following applies: 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(b) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit [insgesamt oder 
teilweise] 
[insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise,] an dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) zu 
dem betreffenden Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer may, by giving notice in accordance 
with clause (ii), redeem [all or some only] [all 
but not some only] of the Notes at the relevant 
Call Redemption Amount set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to but 
excluding the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption on the Call Redemption Date fixed 
for redemption. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)
[_________________________]  
[(der "Erste Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)")] 
[____________________________] 
Call Redemption Date(s)
[____________________________]  
[(the "First Call Redemption Date")] 
[____________________________]

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call)
[_________________________] 
Call Redemption Amount(s)
[____________________________] 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 15 Tagen bekannt zu geben. 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 15 days. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(B) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(B) 
whether such series of Notes is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(C) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call). 
(C) 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption. 
(iii) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in 
the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]]  
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
[(c)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
[(c)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise, 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag zum Make-
Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen 
bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer may, by giving notice in accordance 
with clause (ii), redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes at any time at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed 
for 
redemption 
on 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption. 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 15 Tagen bekannt zu geben. 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 15 days. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(B) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag. 
(B) 
the date fixed for redemption. 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
am 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Bestimmung 
des 
Make-Whole-
The 
Issuer 
shall 
on 
the 
Redemption 
Calculation Date immediately after the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount has been fixed by

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrags 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle diesen den Gläubigern 
durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen. 
the Calculation Agent notify such Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(iii) 
Der "Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag" je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem höheren 
von: 
(iii) 
The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" per 
Note shall be the higher of: 
(A) 
der festgelegten Stückelung; oder 
(A) 
the Specified Denomination; or 
(B) 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert. 
(B) 
the Present Value. 
Der Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag wird 
von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" ist die Summe 
aus 
The "Present Value" will be the sum of 
(A) 
der auf den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
abgezinsten 
festgelegten 
Stückelung 
[, 
wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am 
Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt würden]; und 
(B) 
the Specified Denomination, discounted 
to the date fixed for redemption [, 
assuming for this purpose that the Notes 
would be redeemed on the First Call 
Redemption Date]; and 
(B) 
den jeweils auf den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Tag abgezinsten Werten 
der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen für 
jede Zinsperiode, die an oder nach dem 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
endet, 
die 
ansonsten 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag nach dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag bis zum 
[Endfälligkeitstag] 
[Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call)] 
(einschließlich) fällig werden würden 
(ausschließlich etwaiger, bis zu dem für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen) [, 
wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am 
Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt würden]. 
(B) 
the sum of the remaining interest 
payments for each Interest Period 
ending on or after the date fixed for 
redemption 
which 
would 
otherwise 
become due on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the date fixed for 
redemption to and including the [Maturity 
Date] [First Call Redemption Date] 
(excluding any interest accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption), 
each discounted to the date fixed for 
redemption [, assuming for this purpose 
that the Notes would be redeemed on the 
First Call Redemption Date]. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
errechnet 
den 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert 
gemäß 
der 
Marktkonvention auf einer Grundlage, die der 
Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß § 3 entspricht, 
wobei sie einen Abzinsungssatz zugrunde legt, 
der 
der 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % entspricht. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Present Value in accordance with market 
convention on a basis which is consistent with 
the calculation of interest as set out in § 3, 
using a discount rate equal to the Benchmark 
Yield plus [insert percentage] per cent.  
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet die am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
bestehende 
Rendite wie sie gegen [12:00 Uhr (Frankfurter 
lokaler Zeit] [andere relevante Uhrzeit]) auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
hinsichtlich 
des 
Benchmark-Wertpapiers erscheint oder falls 
eine solche Rendite zu der Uhrzeit nicht 
abgelesen 
werden 
kann, 
so 
liest 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Rendite 
am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
zu 
einem 
Zeitpunkt 
ab, der 
ihr 
als 
angemessen 
erscheint. 
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield at the 
Redemption Calculation Date as appearing at 
around [12:00 noon (local time in Frankfurt am 
Main] [other relevant time]) on the Screen 
Page in respect of the Benchmark Security, or 
if such yield cannot be so determined at such 
time, the yield determined as aforesaid as 
appearing on the Screen Page at such other 
time on the Redemption Calculation Date as 
may be considered to be appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Benchmark-Wertpapier" 
bezeichnet 
[[in 
Euro denominierte Benchmark] Anleihe der 
"Benchmark Security" means the [insert 
[euro 
denominated 
benchmark] 
debt

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unter Angabe 
der 
ISIN 
einfügen] 
[andere 
relevante 
Benchmark] und falls dieses Wertpapier am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag nicht länger 
ausstehend ist, ein solches das Benchmark-
Wertpapier 
ersetzende 
Benchmark-
Wertpapier, das von der Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegt wird und das eine bis zum 
[Endfälligkeitstag] [Ersten Wahlrückzahlung-
stag (Call)] vergleichbare Restlaufzeit hat und 
das (soweit im Rahmen der Festlegung durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
einschlägig) 
zum 
Zeitpunkt der Auswahl für die Preisfestlegung 
von neu begebenen Unternehmensanleihen 
mit einer Laufzeit vergleichbar zu der bis zum 
[Endfälligkeitstag] [Ersten Wahlrückzahlung-
stag (Call)] unter Anwendung einschlägiger 
Finanzpraxis 
üblicherweise 
herangezogen 
werden würde. 
security 
of 
the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
specifying 
the 
ISIN] 
[other 
relevant benchmark], or, if such security is no 
longer 
outstanding 
on 
the 
Redemption 
Calculation Date, such substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Notes to the [Maturity Date] [First 
Call Redemption Date] and (if applicable in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent) that 
would be used at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the 
[Maturity Date] [First Call Redemption Date]. 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" 
ist 
der 
[siebte] Geschäftstag vor dem gemäß diesem 
§ 5(2)(c) für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag. 
"Redemption Calculation Date" means the 
[seventh] Business Day prior to the date fixed 
for redemption in accordance with this 
§ 5(2)(c). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Bildschirmseite Bloomberg HP (Einstellung 
"Last Yield To Convention" unter Verwendung 
[der 
Preisfestsetzungsquelle 
"FRNK")] 
[andere Quelle, sofern relevant]) (oder eine 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolge-Preisfestsetzungsquelle) für das 
Benchmark-Wertpapier, 
oder, 
falls 
diese 
Bloomberg 
Seite 
oder 
die 
Preisfestsetzungsquelle nicht erreichbar ist, 
eine etwaige andere Seite von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, die, wie es von der 
Berechnungsstelle als angemessen erachtet 
wird, im Wesentlichen ähnliche Daten anzeigt.] 
"Screen Page" means the screen page 
Bloomberg HP (setting "Last Yield To 
Convention" and using [the pricing source 
"FRNK"] [other source as relevant]) (or any 
successor page or successor pricing source) 
for the Benchmark Security, or, if such 
Bloomberg page or pricing source is not 
available, such other page (if any) from such 
other 
information 
provider 
displaying 
substantially 
similar 
data 
as 
may 
be 
considered 
to 
be 
appropriate 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Recht hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen wegen eines geringen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer for a minimal outstanding principal 
amount, the following applies: 
[(d)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
wegen eines geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags. 
[(d)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for a 
minimal outstanding principal amount. 
(i) 
Wenn 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
20 % 
oder 
weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die zuvor 
ausgegeben wurden, fällt, dann ist die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise, 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
zur 
festgelegten Stückelung nebst etwaigen bis zu 
dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
If at any time the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the series previously 
issued, the Issuer may, by giving notice in 
accordance with clause (ii), redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes at any time at their 
Specified Denomination together with accrued 
interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed 
for 
redemption 
on 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption. 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen bekannt zu geben. Die Kündigung ist 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
60 days. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; and 
(B) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag.] 
(B) 
the date fixed for redemption.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
[(e)] Der Emittentin steht ein Wahlrecht nach diesem 
§ 5(2) nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5(3) verlangt 
hat. 
[(e)] The Issuer may not exercise any of the options in this 
§ 5(2) in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such Note under § 5(3). 
(3) Rückzahlung durch einen Gläubiger. 
(3) Redemption by a Holder. 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder on the Put Redemption Date the 
following applies: 
[(a)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
[(a)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), wie 
nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of 
any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put)
[_____________________] 
Put Redemption Date(s)
[__________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put)
[_____________________] 
Put Redemption Amount(s)
[__________________________] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte gemäß § 5(2) verlangt 
hat. 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under § 5(2). 
(ii) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr 
als 
60 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
Mitteilung in Textform (gemäß § 126b BGB) 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung") 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Falls die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
Zeit 
am 
30. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
eingeht, 
ist 
das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
(ii) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days before the Put Redemption Date on 
which such redemption is required to be made 
as specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text 
form (pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil 
Code (BGB)) ("Put Notice"). In the event that 
the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. 
Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th Business 
Day before the Put Redemption Date, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, (ii) the Put 
Redemption Date and (iii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes. The Put 
Notice may be in the form available from the

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
ausgeübt wird, (ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) und (iii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen. Für die Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, 
wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
in 
deutscher 
und 
englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das 
weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. 
Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
welche 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the 
German and English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised against delivery 
of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[Falls die Gläubiger das Wahlrecht haben, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar:  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for 
reasons of a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
[(b)] Kontrollwechsel.  
[(b)] Change of Control. 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel (ein "Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis") ein, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht 
(sofern nicht die Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-Mitteilung 
gemacht 
wird, 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5(2) erklärt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
an dem Tag zu verlangen, der 20 Geschäftstage 
nach der Veröffentlichung einer Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis-Mitteilung 
liegt 
("Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungstag"). 
If a Change of Control occurs (a "Change of Control 
Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Change of Control Event 
Notification referred below, the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to 
require the Issuer to redeem the Notes of such 
Holder at the Early Redemption Amount on the date 
which falls 20 Business Days following the 
publication of a Change of Control Event Notification 
(such date the "Early Redemption Date").  
Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von einem 
Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis und von dem Tag, an dem 
dieses Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis eingetreten ist, in 
Kenntnis setzen (eine "Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-
Mitteilung"), sobald dies nach Kenntniserlangung 
praktikabel ist. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event and of the 
date on which such Change of Control Event 
occurred 
(a 
"Change 
of 
Control 
Event 
Notification") as soon as practicable after becoming 
aware thereof.  
Um 
dieses 
Wahlrechts 
auszuüben, 
hat 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Ausübungserklärung in Textform (gemäß § 126b 
BGB) bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Emissionsstelle 
einreichen 
(die 
"Ausübungserklärung"), 
die 
in 
ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. 
Eine 
solche 
Ausübungserklärung 
muss 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 10 
Geschäftstagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis-Mitteilung veröffentlicht wurde, übermittelt 
werden. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 
Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 10. Geschäftstag 
nachdem die Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-Mitteilung 
veröffentlicht wurde, übermittelt wird, ist das 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
wirksam 
ausgeübt. 
Ein 
so 
ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
widerrufen 
oder 
zurückgezogen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a 
duly completed option exercise notice in text form 
(pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil Code 
(BGB)) ("Exercise Notice") in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Such 
Exercise Notice must be submitted to the Fiscal 
Agent during normal business hours within a period 
of 10 Business Days after a Change of Control Event 
Notification has been given. In the event that the 
Exercise Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt 
am Main time on the 10th Business Day after a 
Change of Control Event Notification has been 
given, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. No option so exercised may be revoked 
or withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt als eingetreten, 
wenn eine Person oder Personen, die ihr 
Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, 
jeweils ausschließlich die Ausgeschlossenen 
Gesellschaften, oder eine oder mehrerer 
Personen, die für eine solche Person handelt 
bzw. für solche Personen handeln, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt direkt oder indirekt (i) 
mehr als 50 % des Stammkapitals der 
Emittentin erwirbt/erwerben oder (ii) eine 
Anzahl von Anteilen am Stammkapital der 
Emittentin erwirbt/erwerben, der mehr als 
50 % der an einer Gesellschafterversammlung 
der Emittentin ausübbaren Stimmrechte trägt; 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to 
have occurred if any person or Persons Acting 
in Concert, in each case excluding the 
Excluded Companies, or any person or 
persons acting on behalf of any such 
person(s), at any time directly or indirectly 
acquire(s) (i) more than 50 per cent. of the 
share capital (Stammkapital) of the Issuer or 
(ii) such number of shares in the capital 
(Anteile am Stammkapital) of the Issuer 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights exercisable at respective general 
meetings of the Issuer.  
"Ausgeschlossene 
Gesellschaften" 
bezeichnet (i) MAHLE-STIFTUNG GmbH und 
ihren 
Rechtsnachfolger 
("MAHLE-
STIFTUNG"), (ii) MABEG – Verein zur 
Förderung und Beratung der MAHLE-Gruppe 
e.V. und ihren Rechtsnachfolger ("MABEG"), 
jede 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
MAHLE-
STIFTUNG 
und/oder 
der 
MABEG 
(mit 
Ausnahme der Emittentin) und (iii) jedes 
Mitglied der MAHLE Gruppe; 
"Excluded Companies" means (i) MAHLE-
STIFTUNG GmbH and its legal successor 
("MAHLE-STIFTUNG"), (ii) MABEG – Verein 
zur Förderung und Beratung der MAHLE-
Gruppe 
e.V. 
and 
its 
legal 
successor 
("MABEG"), 
any 
subsidiary 
of 
MAHLE-
STIFTUNG and/or MABEG (other than the 
Issuer) and (iii) any member of MAHLE Group; 
"Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander 
abgestimmt haben" bezeichnet Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten i.S.d. § 22 Absatz (2) 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
aufeinander 
abgestimmt haben. 
"Persons Acting in Concert" means persons 
acting in concert within the meaning of § 22 (2) 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG). 
"Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
bezeichnet 
ihre 
festgelegte Stückelung zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]] 
"Early Redemption Amount" of a Note 
means its Specified Denomination together 
with accrued interest, if any, to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption.]] 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
[UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT 
[AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle 
(die 
"Emissionsstelle") [,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die "Zahlstelle") [und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle (die "Berechnungsstelle")] und deren 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent") [,] [and] the initial Paying Agent (the 
"Paying Agent") [and the initial Calculation Agent (the 
"Calculation Agent")] and their initial specified offices 
shall be: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
Berechnungsstelle:  
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]] 
Calculation Agent:  
[name and specified office]]

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Veränderungen im Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle[, die 
Berechnungsstelle] und etwaige Zahlstellen erfolgen 
unverzüglich durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13. 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the 
Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified offices to any other specified offices in the 
same country. Notice of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent[, the Calculation 
Agent] or any Paying Agent will be given promptly by the 
Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle [oder 
der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und 
eine andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle [Im Fall von Zahlungen, die nicht in US-
Dollar erfolgen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle in einem Land auf dem 
europäischen Festland [,] [und] (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der Emittentin 
an einer Börse notiert werden, gegebenenfalls eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle an dem 
von der betreffenden Börse vorgeschriebenen Ort 
[unterhalten]] [Im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] (ii) falls Zahlungen bei 
den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung 
oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-
Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten unterhalten] [Falls 
eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
[(iv)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden.  
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or 
the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent 
or additional or other Paying Agents [or another 
Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent [In the case of payments which are 
not made in US-Dollar the following applies:, (ii) a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in a continental 
European city [,] [and] (iii) so long as the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such city as may be 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange, if 
any] [In the case of payments in US-Dollar the 
following applies: [,] [and] (ii) if payments at or through 
the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States 
become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on 
the full payment or receipt of such amounts in US-Dollar, 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City, 
United States] [If any Calculation Agent is to be 
appointed the following applies: [and] [(iii)] [(iv)] a 
Calculation 
Agent]. 
Any 
variation, 
termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle[,] 
[und] 
die 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und 
es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the 
Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern 
oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist die Emittentin gesetzlich zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If the Issuer is required by law to make 
such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would otherwise have been

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge 
besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, 
die: 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) 
wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided 
for and notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 7 
sind weder die Emittentin, noch eine Zahlstelle oder eine 
andere Person, die Zahlungen im Namen der Emittentin 
tätigt, dazu verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge im Hinblick 
auf solche Steuern zu zahlen, die gemäß 1471(b) des 
United States Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (das "Gesetz"), oder anderweitig 
gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Gesetzes, 
aufgrund von darunter fallenden Verordnungen oder 
Vereinbarungen, offiziellen Auslegungen dieses Gesetzes 
oder eines Gesetzes, das eine zwischenstaatliche 
Abstimmung dazu umsetzt, erhoben werden. 
Notwithstanding anything in this § 7 to the contrary, neither 
the Issuer, any paying agent nor any other person making 
payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of such taxes imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer, der darauf erhobene 
Solidaritätszuschlag sowie gegebenenfalls anfallende 
Kirchensteuer sind keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im 
oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
The German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer), the 
German 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon and German church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
if any, do not constitute a tax as described above in 
respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by 
the Issuer. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die 
in 
§ 801 
Absatz 1 
Satz 1 
BGB 
bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced to 
ten years for the Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung(en) zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Note(s) due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at par plus accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
15 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the 
Notes within 15 days from the relevant due date; or 
(b) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls 
die Unterlassung heilbar ist, die Unterlassung jedoch 
länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes and such failure is not capable 
of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after 
the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a 
Holder; or 
(c) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft (i) Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie in § 2(2) definiert) 
oder aufgrund von Bürgschaften oder Garantien, die 
hierfür abgegeben wurden, in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert 
von 
insgesamt 
mindestens 
EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit 
bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt oder 
(ii) sofern die Zusage zu einer oder mehrerer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert 
von 
insgesamt 
mindestens 
EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
zurückgezogen oder widerrufen wird oder sofern 
solche Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten gemäß den 
maßgeblichen 
Bedingungen 
für 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten von dem jeweiligen 
Gläubiger fällig und zahlbar gestellt wurden, und 
zwar vor dem angegebenen Ende der Laufzeit 
aufgrund einer Vertragsverletzung (gleich welcher 
Art), es sei denn, die Emittentin bzw. die jeweilige 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. 
diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise 
geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von dem (den) daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
(c) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil (i) 
any payment obligation in the minimum amount or 
the equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty 
million 
Euros) 
under 
any 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2) above) or under 
any guarantees or suretyship given in respect 
thereof within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of 
such guarantee or suretyship being invoked or (ii) if 
the Capital Markets Indebtedness granted by one or 
several transactions in a minimum amount or the 
equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million 
Euros) has been cancelled or revoked or, if the 
relevant creditor has declared such Capital Markets 
Indebtedness due and payable in accordance with 
the relevant terms and conditions for such Capital 
Markets Indebtedness and if such acceleration 
occurs prior to the agreed term and due to a breach 
of contract (irrespective of which kind), unless the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable, contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted in respect of such obligations, is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bekanntgibt, 
ihren 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
nicht 
nachkommen zu können, ihre Zahlungen auf 
Verbindlichkeiten 
einstellt 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
finanziellen 
Schwierigkeiten 
Verhandlungen mit einem oder mehrerern ihrer 
Schuldner beginnt zum Zwecke der Umschuldung 
von Verbindlichkeiten und, insbesondere, falls die 
Emittentin oder eine in Deutschland gegründete 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary announces its 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends 
making payments on any of its debts or, by reason 
of 
actual 
financial 
difficulties, 
commences 
negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a 
view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness and in 
particular, the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
incorporated in Germany is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due (zahlungsunfähig) within the 
meaning of Section 17 of the Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung); or

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
(e) 
die Emittentin oder eine in Deutschland gegründete 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft überschuldet ist im 
Sinne von § 19 Insolvenzordnung oder, in Bezug auf 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, die nicht in 
Deutschland gegründet wurde, falls der Wert ihrer 
Vermögensgegenstände niedriger ist als ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten, vorausgesetzt dass dies nach 
dem Recht des Landes, unter dem die jeweilige 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gegründet wurde, 
ein Ereignis darstellt, das diese Gesellschaft oder 
ihre Gläubiger berechtigt oder verpflichtet die 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens zu beantragen; 
oder 
(e) 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary incorporated in 
Germany is overindebted within the meaning of 
Section 
19 
of 
the 
Insolvency 
Code 
(Insolvenzordnung) or, with respect to any Material 
Subsidiary not incorporated in Germany, the value of 
its assets is less than its liabilities provided that this 
constitutes an event under the relevant applicable 
jurisdiction of incorporation of such Material 
Subsidiary entitling or obliging any such entity or any 
of its creditors to file for the opening of insolvency 
proceedings; or 
(f) 
ein Zahlungsstopp in Bezug auf die Verschuldung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft verhängt wurde; oder 
(f) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any 
indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; 
or 
(g) 
eine Kapitalmaßnahme, ein Gerichtsverfahren oder 
ein anderes Verfahren oder ein anderer Schritt 
eingeleitet 
wurde 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Zahlungsaufschub, einen Zahlungsstopp in Bezug 
auf eine Verbindlichkeit, eine Abwicklung, eine 
Auflösung, eine Verwaltung oder eine Insolvenz der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
oder 
ein 
vergleichbares 
Verfahren oder ein vergleichbarer Schritt in 
irgendeiner 
Jurisdiktion 
eingeleitet 
wurde, 
ausgenommen (i) eine freiwillige und nicht durch 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit begründete Liquidation oder 
Reorganisation 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft oder (ii) dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Fusion und ein solches 
Verfahren ist nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden; oder 
(g) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other 
procedure or step is taken in relation to the 
suspension of payments, a moratorium of any 
indebtedness, 
winding-up, 
dissolution, 
administration or insolvency of the Issuer or a 
Material Subsidiary or any analogous procedure or 
step is taken in any jurisdiction, other than any (i) 
voluntary and solvent liquidation or reorganisation of 
a Material Subsidiary or (ii) in connection with any 
merger and such procedures have not been 
discharged or stayed within 60 days; or 
(h) 
Zwangsvollstreckungsmaßnahmen in wesentliche 
Teile des Vermögens der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft (wie in § 2(2) 
definiert) erfolgen, es sei denn, der Gesamtbetrag 
aller solcher Verfahren oder ihr Gegenwert liegt 
unter EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen 
Euro) 
oder 
die 
jeweiligen 
Zwangsvollstreckungsmaßnahmen wurden binnen 
30 Tagen eingestellt; oder 
(h) 
compulsory enforcement measures occur with 
respect to substantial parts of the assets of the 
Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined 
in § 2(2) above), unless the total amount of all such 
measures does not reach the amount or the 
equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million 
Euros) or the relevant compulsory enforcement 
measures have been discharged within 30 days; or 
(i) 
die Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
rechtswidrig ist oder wird; oder 
(i) 
it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
any of its obligations under the Notes; or  
(j) 
die MAHLE Gruppe ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz 
oder nahezu ganz einstellt, alle oder nahezu alle 
Teile ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig 
abgibt und es darum wahrscheinlich wird, dass die 
Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
(j) 
MAHLE Group ceases all or substantially all of its 
business operations or sells or disposes of all of its 
assets or the substantial part thereof and, for this 
reason, it becomes likely that the Issuer may not fulfil 
its payment obligations under the Notes vis-à-vis the 
Holders; or 
(k) 
die Emittentin liquidiert oder aufgelöst wird, es sei 
denn, 
dies 
geschieht 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme 
(einschließlich 
Verschmelzungen und Umwandlungen). 
(k) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation or dissolution unless 
through a restructuring measure (including mergers 
and transformations). 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare the Notes due shall expire if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9(1)(b) und/oder § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren 
Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und § 9(1)(d) bis 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and/or 
§ 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at 
the time such notice is received any of the events specified

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
(k) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d) through (k) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such notices from 
the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9(1) hat in Textform 
(gemäß § 126b BGB) in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache zu erfolgen und ist an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made in text 
form (pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil Code (BGB)) 
in the German or English language and must be submitted 
to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on any 
of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or 
in connection with these Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin alle 
erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten haben und 
berechtigt sind, an das Clearing System oder die 
Emissionsstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet 
zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder 
andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained 
all necessary authorisations and may transfer to the 
Clearing System or to the Fiscal Agent in the 
currency required and without being obligated to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of 
the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger 
bezüglich 
der 
Ersetzung 
auferlegt 
werden; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on 
such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
(d) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Nachfolgeschuldnerin unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder Gläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde und eine 
Negativverpflichtung 
übernimmt, 
die 
der 
Bestimmung in § 2(2) entspricht;  
(d) 
the 
Issuer 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees such obligations of the Substitute Debtor 
under the Notes on terms that ensure that each 
Holder will be put in an economic position which is at 
least as favourable as that which would have existed 
if the substitution had not taken place and assumes 
a negative pledge equal to § 2(2) hereof;  
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger bezüglich bzw. in Folge der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on 
such Holder in respect or as a result of such 
substitution; and 
(f) 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
for each jurisdiction affected one opinion of lawyers 
of recognised standing to the effect that § 10(a), (b), 
(c), (d) and (e) above have been satisfied.

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden § 10(a), (b), 
(c), (d) und (e) erfüllt wurden. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne 
von § 17 Aktiengesetz. 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of § 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu machen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich 
nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass die Bezugnahme entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
MAHLE GmbH erfolgen soll, oder dass die Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
MAHLE GmbH, im Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(d) erfolgen soll. Des Weiteren 
gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of 
the relevant condition requires that the relevant reference 
shall continue to be a reference only to MAHLE GmbH, or 
that the reference shall be to the Substitute Debtor and 
MAHLE GmbH, in relation to MAHLE GmbH's obligations 
under the guarantee pursuant to § 10(1)(d) at the same 
time. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the 
following shall apply: 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5(2)(a) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat);  
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2)(a) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included (in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor); 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) bis (h) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die MAHLE GmbH in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) und ein 
weiterer Kündigungsgrund soll als aufgenommen 
gelten, der dann eintritt, wenn die Garantie aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr gilt; 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (h) an alternative reference to MAHLE 
GmbH in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed 
to have been included (in addition to the reference to 
the Substitute Debtor) and a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been included; such event 
of default shall exist in the case that the guarantee is 
or becomes invalid for any reasons; 
(c) 
[in § 5(3)[(b)] zum Zwecke der Feststellung eines 
Kontrollwechsels und] für die Definition einer 
"Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft" in § 2(2), gilt 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die MAHLE GmbH 
in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen, 
zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin; und 
(c) 
[in § 5(3)[(b)] for the purpose of the determination of 
a Change of Control and] for the definition of 
"Material Subsidiary" in § 2 (2), an alternative 
reference to MAHLE GmbH in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor; 
and 
(d) 
In § 9 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als 
aufgenommen, der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(1)(d) mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung 
eines zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin einen Mangel 
der Wirksamkeit behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben wird. 
(d) 
In § 9 a further event of default shall be deemed to 
have been included; such event of default shall exist 
in the case that the guarantee pursuant to § 10(1)(d) 
is determined by the final decision of a competent 
court or is claimed by the guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect and such defect is not corrected 
within ten business days. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, 
HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Mit 
der 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger durch einen Beschluss mit der 
in § 11(2) bestimmten Mehrheit kann die Emittentin die 
Anleihebedingungen im Hinblick auf im Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") zugelassene 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Terms and Conditions with regard to 
matters permitted by the German Act on Debt Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
"SchVG") 
(other 
than 
the 
substitution of the Issuer which is exclusively subject to the

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
Gegenstände (abgesehen von der Ersetzung des 
Emittenten, was ausschließlich den in § 10 festgesetzten 
Regeln unterliegt) ändern. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
provisions set forth in § 10) with the consent of the Holders 
by resolution with the majority specified in § 11(2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders 
are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche 
Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und die 
keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des 
SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin oder 
einem mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder 
eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions shall be passed by 
a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast (a 
"Qualified 
Majority"). 
Resolutions 
relating 
to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not 
material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 
paragraph 3, nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple 
majority of the votes cast. The voting right is suspended 
as long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates (within the meaning of § 271(2) of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are 
being held for the account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
(3) Verfahren für Abstimmungen und Abstimmungen ohne 
Versammlung. Abstimmungen der Gläubiger können 
entweder in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG 
durchgeführt werden. Der Einberufende wird im Falle der 
Einberufung bestimmen, ob die Abstimmungen in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt werden. Der Antrag für 
eine Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
wird 
die 
näheren 
Details 
für 
die 
Entscheidungen 
und 
das 
Abstimmungsverfahren 
enthalten. Der Gegenstand der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung sowie die 
Entscheidungsvorschläge 
sollen 
den 
Gläubigern 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Antrag 
für 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
mitgeteilt 
werden. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten 
für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin findet 
ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4, Satz 2 SchVG 
statt. 
(3) Procedures of Votes and Votes without a Meeting. 
Resolutions of Holders may be taken either in a meeting 
of Holders (Gläubigerversammlung) or by vote taken 
without a meeting in accordance with § 18 of the SchVG. 
The person convening a meeting or the vote without a 
meeting (der Einberufende) shall, in each case, elect 
whether the resolutions shall be taken in a meeting or by 
vote taken without a meeting. The request for a meeting or 
vote without a meeting will provide further details relating 
to the resolutions and the voting procedures. The subject 
matter of the meeting or vote without a meeting as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders 
together with the request for a meeting or vote without a 
meeting. In the case, where a vote without a meeting has 
been chosen, a meeting of Holders and the assumption of 
the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4, 
sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Gläubigerversammlung oder Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung. Die Gläubigerversammlung oder die 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the Meeting of Holders or Vote without a 
Meeting. The meeting of Holders or vote without a meeting 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if 
the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung zum Zeitpunkt der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nachweisen durch (a) eine gesonderte 
Bestätigung der Depotbank und durch die Vorlage (b) 
einer Sperrerklärung der Depotbank zugunsten der 
Hinterlegungsstelle, aus der sich ergibt, dass die 
jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen ab (einschließlich) dem 
Tag der Eintragung bis (einschließlich) zu (x) dem Tag der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder (y) dem Tag an dem die 
Abstimmungsperiode endet nicht übertragbar sind. Diese 
gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank soll (i) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthalten, (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
(5) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the meeting of Holders or the vote 
without a meeting at the time of the meeting or vote without 
a meeting by means of (a) a special confirmation of the 
Custodian and by submission of (b) a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian for the benefit of a depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) stating that the relevant Notes are 
not transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including (x) the day 
of the meeting of Holders or (y) the day the voting period 
ends. The special confirmation of the Custodian shall (i) 
state the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) specify 
an aggregate denomination of Notes credited on the date 
of such certificate to such Holder's securities account 
maintained with such Custodian and (iii) confirm that the

--- Page 87 ---
86 
 
Schuldverschreibungen angeben, die an dem Tag der 
Ausstellung der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierkonto des 
Gläubigers bei der Depotbank verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotbank dem Clearing System 
sowie der Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung über 
die Informationen gemäß (i) und (ii) gemacht hat und die 
Bestätigung des Clearing Systems und des jeweiligen 
Clearing System Kontoinhabers enthalten.  
Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing 
System as well as to the Fiscal Agent containing the 
information pursuant to (i) and (ii) and bearing 
acknowledgements of the Clearing System and of the 
relevant Clearing System accountholder.  
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls 
kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
bestellen. 
Die 
Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen Vertreters muss von einer qualifizierten 
Mehrheit beschlossen werden, wenn der gemeinsame 
Vertreter ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen materiellen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(2) 
zuzustimmen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' 
Representative") 
to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. An 
appointment of a common representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if such common 
representative is to be authorised to consent, in 
accordance with § 11(2) hereof, to a material change in 
the substance of the Terms and Conditions.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in 
den Anleihebedingungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter] (der 
"gemeinsame Vertreter"). Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [Holder's Representative]. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative 
has 
acted 
wilfully 
or 
with 
gross 
negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich 
vor. 
Über 
seine 
Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für 
die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the 
Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen § 11 erfolgen 
gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 13. 
Any notices concerning this § 11 will be made in 
accordance with § 5 et seq. of the SchVG and § 13. 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 10(1)(d). 
The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes will 
apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee granted pursuant 
to § 10(1)(d). 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 88 ---
87 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse notiert und 
zum Handel am Euro MTF zugelassen sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt an dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 (1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the internet 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am Euro MTF 
zugelassen sind, findet § 13(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach § 13(1) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes 
are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, § 13(1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as 
set forth in § 13(1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fifth day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an 
einer Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following 
applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver 
all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)] [(3)] 
Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (gemäß § 126b BGB) erfolgen und zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Nachweis 
seiner 
Inhaberschaft 
an 
die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearing System in der von der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearing 
System 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made in text form (pursuant to § 126b of 
the German Civil Code (BGB)) together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice 
may be given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve 
for such purpose. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist nicht ausschließlich 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive 
court of venue for specific legal proceedings in connection 
with the SchVG, the District Court (Landgericht) in

--- Page 89 ---
88 
 
zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei 
sind, 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
(wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem maßgeblichen Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung bezüglich der Absicht 
des Gläubigers, seine Ansprüche unmittelbar geltend zu 
machen, abgegeben hat, (I) die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, (II) deren 
Empfang vom Clearing System bestätigt wurde, und (III) 
die 
vom 
Clearing 
System 
an 
die 
Depotbank 
zurückgeschickt wurde, und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing Systems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the relevant Clearing 
System of the intention of the Holder to enforce claims 
directly which (I) contains the information pursuant to (a) 
and (b), (II) has been acknowledged by the Clearing 
System, and (III) has been returned by the Clearing 
System to the Custodian and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. In these Terms and Conditions, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 90 ---
89 
 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language only the following applies: These Terms and 
Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für in Euro 
denominierte Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Euro-
denominated Floating Rate Notes  
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN  
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, FESTGELEGTE STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, SPECIFIED DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Festgelegte Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der MAHLE GmbH ("MAHLE" 
oder die "Emittentin") wird in Euro (die "festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] 
von 
EUR [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
Euro 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]), 
eingeteilt 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen" 
und 
jeweils 
eine 
"Schuldverschreibung") 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von 
EUR [festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Specified Denomination. This series of 
Notes of MAHLE GmbH ("MAHLE" or the "Issuer") is 
being issued in euro (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the global note 
is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4)),] of 
EUR [aggregate principal amount] (in words: euro 
[aggregate principal amount in words]), divided into 
notes (the "Notes" and each a "Note") in the specified 
denomination of EUR [specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
Emissionsstelle (wie nachstehend in § 6(1) definiert) 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Ausstellung 
und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu verlangen, ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Notes 
in 
the 
Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global 
note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
(as defined in § 6(1) below). Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued and the right of 
the Holders of Notes to request the issue and 
delivery of definitive Notes shall be excluded. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
darf 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable 
for the Permanent Global Note from a date 40 days 
after the date of issue of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall 
only be made upon delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this § 1(3)(b).

--- Page 92 ---
91 
 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingeht, 
wird 
als 
ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
geliefert werden. 
Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States. 
 
"Vereinigte Staaten" bezeichnet die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
"United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird von einem oder für 
ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" 
bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien, ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System. "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of]: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL")] 
[and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] 
[(CBL 
and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen 
der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global 
Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.  
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und 
eine für zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche 
Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden 
ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by 
the global note shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall 
be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD 
at that time. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer Zinszahlung auf die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
beim 
Kauf 
und 
der 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des 
Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the global note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.

--- Page 93 ---
92 
 
Bei 
Austausch 
nur 
eines 
Teils 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.] 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in 
the records of the ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen 
der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine 
CGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical 
Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER 
EMITTENTIN 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Verpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen direkten, unbedingten, 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verpflichtungen nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other present or future 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are 
accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich 
zugunsten der Gläubiger, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
der Emittentin ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen dem Clearing System 
oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (a) keine Sicherheiten an 
ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
zu 
gewähren 
oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen, und (b) sicherzustellen (in dem 
rechtlich 
zulässigen 
Rahmen), 
dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften Sicherheiten an 
ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bestellt oder fortbestehen 
lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit oder zu 
einem früheren Zeitpunkt an solchen Sicherheiten oder an 
solchen 
anderen 
Sicherheiten, 
die 
von 
einem 
internationalen 
angesehenen 
unabhängigen 
Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt 
werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis 
teilnehmen zu lassen. Eine Sicherheit, die im Sinne des 
vorstehenden Satzes gewährt werden muss, kann auch 
einem Treuhänder im Namen der Gläubiger gewährt 
werden. 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes for the benefit 
of the Holders, as long as any Notes of the Issuer are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest under the Notes have been placed at the 
disposal of the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System, (a) not to create or permit to subsist any 
Security over any of its assets for any present or future 
Capital Markets Indebtedness, and (b) to procure (to the 
extent legally possible and permissible) that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries creates or permits to subsist any 
Security over its assets for any present or future Capital 
Markets Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior 
thereto having the Holders share equally and rateably in 
such Security or such other security as shall be approved 
by an independent accounting firm of internationally 
recognised standing as being equivalent security. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to the first 
sentence may also be provided to a trustee on behalf of 
the Holders. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet: 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:  
"Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft" 
jede 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert), mit 
Ausnahme einer Ausgeschlossenen Tochtergesellschaft,  
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined 
below), other than any Excluded Subsidiary, which

--- Page 94 ---
93 
 
(i) 
die 
mindestens 
5,00 % 
zum 
konsolidierten 
Gesamtumsatz der MAHLE Gruppe (ohne den 
Gesamtumsatz 
einer 
Ausgeschlossenen 
Tochtergesellschaft) beigetragen hat; und/oder 
(i) 
contributed at least 5.00 per cent. to the consolidated 
total turnover of MAHLE Group (excluding total 
turnover of any Excluded Subsidiary); and/or 
(ii) 
deren Bilanzsumme einen Anteil von 5,00 % der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der MAHLE Gruppe 
ausmacht 
(ohne 
die 
Bilanzsumme 
einer 
Ausgeschlossenen Tochtergesellschaft), 
(ii) 
contributed at least 5.00 per cent. to the consolidated 
total assets of MAHLE Group (excluding total assets 
of any Excluded Subsidiary),  
wobei eine Gesellschaft, die keine Tochtergesellschaft 
mehr 
ist, 
auch 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gilt. 
provided that an entity which ceases to be a Subsidiary 
shall cease to qualify as a Material Subsidiary. 
Für diesen Zweck: 
For this purpose: 
(i) 
wird die Bilanzsumme und/oder der Umsatz einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
von 
MAHLE 
nach 
deren 
Abschluss 
(nicht 
konsolidiert, 
sofern 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
bestimmt, auf dem der letzte verfügbare geprüfte 
konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von MAHLE beruht; 
(i) 
the total assets and/or turnover of a Subsidiary of 
MAHLE will be determined from its financial 
statements (unconsolidated if it has subsidiaries) 
upon which the latest available audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of MAHLE have been 
based; 
(ii) 
wird in Fällen, in denen eine Gesellschaft nach dem 
Datum, zu dem der letzte verfügbare geprüfte 
konsolidierte 
Jahresabschluss 
von 
MAHLE 
aufgestellt wurde, Teil der MAHLE Gruppe wird, die 
Bilanzsumme 
und/oder 
der 
Umsatz 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
nach 
deren 
letztem 
Jahresabschluss (nicht konsolidiert, sofern diese 
Gesellschaft 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
bestimmt; 
(ii) 
if a company becomes a member of MAHLE Group 
after the date on which the latest available audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of MAHLE 
have been prepared, the total assets and/or turnover 
of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest 
annual financial statements (unconsolidated if it has 
subsidiaries);  
(iii) 
wird die konsolidierte Bilanzsumme und/oder der 
konsolidierte Umsatz von MAHLE nach dem letzten 
verfügbaren 
geprüften 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
von 
MAHLE 
bestimmt, 
gegebenenfalls 
so 
angepasst, 
dass 
die 
Bilanzsumme und/oder der Umsatz einer danach 
erworbenen oder veräußerten Gesellschaft oder 
eines 
danach 
erworbenen 
oder 
veräußerten 
Geschäftsbetriebs berücksichtigt wird; und 
(iii) 
the consolidated total assets and/or turnover of 
MAHLE will be determined from the latest available 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
MAHLE, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the 
total assets and/or turnover of any company or 
business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(iv) 
gilt in Fällen, in denen eine Tochtergesellschaft (die 
"Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft"), welche die 
vorstehend genannten Voraussetzungen erfüllt, alle 
oder 
im 
Wesentlichen 
alle 
ihre 
Vermögensgegenstände 
an 
eine 
andere 
Tochtergesellschaft von MAHLE (die "Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft") veräußert, die Veräußernde 
Tochtergesellschaft unverzüglich nicht mehr als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
und 
gilt 
die 
Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft 
mit 
sofortiger 
Wirkung als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft (falls 
sie dies nicht bereits ist); die anschließend 
aufgestellten 
Jahresabschlüsse 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaften und von MAHLE werden zur 
Bestimmung der Frage herangezogen, ob es sich 
bei diesen Tochtergesellschaften weiterhin um 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (bzw. keine 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften) handelt oder 
nicht. 
(iv) 
if any Subsidiary (the "Disposing Subsidiary") 
meeting the abovementioned requirements disposes 
of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of MAHLE (the "Acquiring Subsidiary"), 
the Disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to 
be a Material Subsidiary and the Acquiring 
Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately 
become a Material Subsidiary; the subsequent 
financial statements of those Subsidiaries and 
MAHLE will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries will continue to be (or not to be) Material 
Subsidiaries or not. 
Bei Uneinigkeit über die Frage, ob es sich bei einer 
Gesellschaft um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
handelt 
oder 
nicht, 
gilt 
eine 
Bestätigung 
der 
Abschlussprüfer von MAHLE, außer im Falle eines 
offenkundigen Fehlers, als schlüssiger Nachweis. 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a 
Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of MAHLE 
will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive 
evidence.

--- Page 95 ---
94 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet zu jeder Zeit ein 
Unternehmen, das 
"Subsidiary" means at any time any enterprise 
(i) 
MAHLE direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert; oder 
(i) 
which is directly or indirectly controlled by MAHLE; 
or 
(ii) 
an dem MAHLE mittelbar oder unmittelbar die 
Mehrheit der Anteile hält; oder 
(ii) 
of which MAHLE directly or indirectly holds the 
majority of the shares; or 
(iii) 
bei dem MAHLE mittelbar oder unmittelbar die 
Mehrheit der Stimmrechte ausüben kann, 
(iii) 
of which MAHLE directly or indirectly owns the 
majority of the total voting power, 
und im Rahmen dieser Definition soll eine Gesellschaft 
dann als von MAHLE kontrolliert gelten, wenn MAHLE in 
der Lage ist, deren Geschäftsgang zu leiten und/oder die 
Besetzung des Vorstandes oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gremiums 
zu 
bestimmen. 
Fälle 
von 
mehrfacher 
Abhängigkeit in Bezug auf Joint Venture Gesellschaften, 
an denen kein Partner mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
hält, sollen dabei ausgeschlossen sein.  
and, for the purpose of this definition, an enterprise shall 
be deemed to be controlled by MAHLE, if MAHLE is in the 
position to manage its business and/or to determine the 
members of its Executive Board or its comparable 
committee. Cases of multiple dependency (mehrfache 
Abhängigkeit) in relation of Joint Venture Entities where no 
partner holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
shall be excluded.  
"Joint Venture Gesellschaft" bezeichnet jegliche Joint 
Venture Gesellschaft, gleichgültig ob es sich um eine 
Körperschaft, 
eine 
Personengesellschaft, 
eine 
Verpflichtung, eine Vereinigung, ein Joint Venture oder 
eine Partnerschaft oder eine andere Unternehmung 
handelt, mit Ausnahme von, zur Vermeidung von 
Missverständnissen, einer Tochtergesellschaft. 
"Joint Venture Entity" means any joint venture entity, 
whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking, 
association, joint venture or partnership or any other entity, 
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary. 
"Ausgeschlossene Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet 
MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. und jede Tochtergesellschaft der 
MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
and each Subsidiary of MAHLE Metal Leve S.A. 
"MAHLE Gruppe" bezeichnet MAHLE und ihre jeweiligen 
Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als Ganzes. 
"MAHLE Group" means MAHLE and its Subsidiaries from 
time to time, taken as a whole. 
"Sicherheit" 
bezeichnet 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Lasten, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Pfandrechte, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, Sicherungsübereignungen oder 
sonstige 
dingliche 
Sicherungsvereinbarungen 
oder -absprachen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese 
sich auf bestehende oder künftige Vermögenswerte oder 
Erträge beziehen.  
"Security" means any mortgages (Grundpfandrechte), 
encumbrances, 
pledge 
agreements 
(Verpfändungsvereinbarungen), pledges (Pfandrechte), 
security assignments (Sicherungsabtretungen), transfers 
by way of security (Sicherungsübereignungen) or other 
agreements 
on 
security 
in 
rem 
(dingliche 
Sicherungsvereinbarungen), irrespective of whether such 
agreements refer to current or future assets or income.  
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, (i) die durch 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an 
einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder 
werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist, oder (ii) aus 
einem Schuldschein bzw. Schuldscheindarlehen. 
"Capital Markets Indebtedness" means any obligation of 
the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed money (i) which 
is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, 
notes or other securities which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market; or (ii) 
under a certificate of indebtedness (Schuldschein, 
Schuldscheindarlehen). 
Um 
etwaige 
Zweifel 
bezüglich 
"asset-backed-
Finanzierungen" der Emittentin oder ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften zu vermeiden, schließen die in 
diesem 
§ 2 
benutzten 
Begriffe 
"Vermögen" 
und 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin und ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
ein, die bei Abschluss der jeweiligen Transaktion im 
Einklang mit den jeweils anwendbaren Gesetzen und den 
bezüglich 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
bzw. 
bezüglich 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften den in der Jurisdiktion, in der diese 
ansässig sind, anerkannten Regeln der Bilanzierung und 
Buchführung nicht in der Bilanz der Emittentin bzw. ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
ausgewiesen 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to "asset-backed 
financings" originated by the Issuer or its Material 
Subsidiaries, the expressions "asset" and "Capital Markets 
Indebtedness" as used in this § 2 do not include assets 
and obligations of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries 
which, at the time of the transaction pursuant to the 
requirements of applicable law and accounting principles 
generally accepted with respect to the Issuer in the 
Federal Republic of Germany and, respectively, with 
respect to its Material Subsidiaries in the jurisdiction they 
are domiciled need not, and are not, reflected in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries, 
respectively.

--- Page 96 ---
95 
 
werden mussten und darin auch nicht ausgewiesen 
werden. 
(3) Umfang der Negativverpflichtung. § 2(2) gilt nicht in 
Bezug auf Sicherheiten,  
(3) Scope of the Negative Pledge. § 2(2) shall not apply in 
relation to any Security, 
(a) 
die kraft Gesetzes entstehen oder die aufgrund 
eines 
gesetzlichen 
Anspruchs 
nach 
dem 
Aktiengesetz oder nach dem Umwandlungsgesetz 
oder 
nach 
vergleichbaren 
Regelungen 
einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung zu bestellen sind; 
(a) 
arising by operation of law (kraft Gesetzes) or which 
are to be granted by reason of a statutory claim 
(gesetzlicher Anspruch) pursuant to the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or pursuant to 
the 
German 
Transformation 
Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz) 
or 
pursuant 
to 
similar 
provisions of other jurisdictions;  
(b) 
die einen Vermögensgegenstand, den ein Mitglied 
der·MAHLE 
Gruppe 
nach 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erwirbt, 
bereits 
zum 
Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs belasten, sofern (i) die 
jeweilige Sicherheit nicht in Zusammenhang mit dem 
Erwerb dieses Vermögensgegenstandes bestellt 
oder erhöht worden ist, und (ii) innerhalb von 6 
(sechs) 
Monaten 
nach 
Erwerb 
des 
Vermögensgegenstands aufgehoben oder abgelöst 
wird; 
(b) 
which already encumbered an asset, acquired by a 
member of MAHLE Group after the issuance of the 
Notes, at the time of its acquisition, if (i) the relevant 
Security has not been granted or increased in 
connection with the acquisition of such asset and (ii) 
if the relevant Security will be cancelled or replaced 
within 6 (six) months upon the acquisition of the 
asset; 
(c) 
die einen Vermögensgegenstand einer Gesellschaft 
belasten, 
die 
nach 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Mitglied der MAHLE 
Gruppe wird, sofern die jeweilige Sicherheit, 
(i) bereits zu dem Zeitpunkt besteht, zu dem die 
betreffende Gesellschaft ein Mitglied der MAHLE 
Gruppe wird; (ii) nicht in Zusammenhang mit dem 
Erwerb der Anteile an der betreffenden Gesellschaft 
durch eines oder mehrere Mitglieder der MAHLE 
Gruppe oder einer anderweitigen Eingliederung der 
betreffenden Gesellschaft in die MAHLE Gruppe 
bestellt oder erhöht worden ist; und (iii) innerhalb von 
6 (sechs) Monaten, nachdem die betreffende 
Gesellschaft ein Mitglied der MAHLE Gruppe 
geworden ist, aufgehoben oder abgelöst wird; 
(c) 
which encumbers an asset of a company which 
becomes a member of MAHLE Group after the 
issuance of the Notes, if the relevant Security (i) 
already existed at the time when the relevant 
company becomes a member of MAHLE Group; (ii) 
has not been granted or increased in connection with 
the acquisition of the shares of the relevant company 
by a member of MAHLE Group or its integration in 
MAHLE Group, if occurred other than by the 
acquisition of shares; and (iii) if the relevant Security 
will be cancelled or replaced within 6 (six) months 
upon the relevant company became a member of 
MAHLE Group; 
(d) 
die gewährt oder bestehen gelassen wird über 
Vermögensgegenstände, 
die 
sich 
außerhalb 
Deutschlands befinden oder über Rechte und 
Forderungen eines Mitglieds der MAHLE Gruppe, 
das außerhalb Deutschlands gegründet wurde, 
unter der Voraussetzung, dass eine gruppeninterne 
Finanzierung eines solchen Mitglieds der MAHLE 
Gruppe nicht möglich oder nicht sinnvoll ist, des 
Weiteren unter der Voraussetzung, dass der 
Gesamtnennbetrag solcher Verpflichtungen, die im 
Vertrauen auf diesen § 2(3) besichert wurden, zu 
keinem Zeitpunkt den Betrag oder den Gegenwert 
von EUR 150.000.000 (in Worten: einhundertfünzig 
Millionen Euro) überschreiten; 
(d) 
created or allowed to exist over assets located in, or 
over rights and receivables owned by a member of 
MAHLE Group incorporated in a jurisdiction other 
than Germany, provided that an intra-group 
financing of such member of MAHLE Group is not 
possible or not sensible and provided further that the 
aggregate principal amount of all such obligations 
secured in reliance on this § 2(3) may not at any time 
exceed 
the 
amount 
or 
the 
equivalent 
of 
EUR 150,000,000 (in words: one hundred fifty 
million Euros); 
(e) 
die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einer Projekt-
Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
einer 
Joint-Venture-
Gesellschaft in einer Gesamthöhe oder dem 
Gegenwert von bis zu EUR 200.000,000 (in 
Worten: zweihundert Millionen Euro) zum Zwecke 
der vollständigen oder teilweisen Finanzierung der 
Erwerbs-, Aufbau- oder Entwicklungskosten einer 
solchen 
Projekt-Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
Joint-
Venture-Gesellschaft 
besichern, 
vorausgesetzt 
dass: 
(e) 
securing Capital Markets Indebtedness of a project 
special purpose vehicle or Joint Venture Entity 
incurred for the purpose of financing all or part of the 
costs of the acquisition, construction or development 
of such project special purpose vehicle or Joint 
Venture Entity in a total amount or the equivalent of 
up to EUR 200,000,000 (in words: two hundred 
million Euro), provided that: 
(i) 
die 
Inhaber 
einer 
solchen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit ausdrücklich damit 
(i) 
the 
holders 
of 
such 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness expressly agree to limit their

--- Page 97 ---
96 
 
einverstanden sind, ihren Rückgriff auf die 
Vermögensgegenstände oder Einkünfte einer 
solchen Projekt-Zweckgesellschaft oder Joint-
Venture-Gesellschaft als die Hauptquelle für 
die 
Rückführung 
solcher 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zu beschränken; 
und  
recourse to the assets and revenues of such 
project special purpose vehicle or Joint 
Venture Entity as the principal source of 
repayment 
of 
such 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness; and 
(ii) 
der Besitz, über den eine solche Sicherheit 
gewährt 
wird, 
ausschließlich 
aus 
Vermögensgegenständen und Einkünften von 
und Mitgliedsschaftrechten an solchen Projekt-
Zweckgesellschaft 
oder 
Joint-Venture-
Gesellschaft besteht; 
(ii) 
the property over which such Security is 
granted consists solely of assets and revenues 
of 
and 
any 
participation 
rights 
(Mitgliedschaftsrechte) in such project special 
purpose vehicle or Joint Venture Entity; 
(f) 
die vor der Begebung der Schuldverschreibung als 
Sicherheit 
für 
eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
gewährt wurden (einschließlich einer späteren 
Refinanzierung 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit und einer Erneuerung 
oder 
Wiederholung 
einer 
Sicherheit 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer solchen Refinanzierung) 
und die nicht unter eine der Ausnahmen in (a) bis (e) 
fallen, vorausgesetzt dass der Gesamtbetrag einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
(einschließlich 
Zusagen), die durch eine solche Sicherheit besichert 
wird, nicht erhöht wird. 
(f) 
which has been granted as security for Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness 
(including 
any 
later 
refinancing of that Capital Markets Indebtedness 
and any renewal or retaking of such Security in 
connection with such refinancing) prior to the 
issuance of the Notes and which do not fall under 
any of the exceptions mentioned in clauses (a) to (e) 
above, provided that the aggregate amount of 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness 
(including 
commitments) secured by such Security is not 
increased; or 
(g) 
die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
in 
einer 
Gesamthöhe oder dem Gegenwert von bis zu 
EUR 50.000,000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
besichern und nicht unter die Ausnahmen in (a) bis 
(f) fallen. 
(g) 
which secures any Capital Markets Indebtedness in 
a total amount or the equivalent of up to 
EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million Euros) and 
which does not fall under any of the exceptions 
mentioned in clauses (a) to (f) above. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
Jede Schuldverschreibung wird bezogen auf ihre 
festgelegte Stückelung ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
mit einem jährlichen Satz, der dem Zinssatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entspricht, verzinst. Die Zinsen 
sind nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. Der 
zahlbare Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(5) berechnet. 
Each Note bears interest on its Specified Denomination 
at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest (as 
defined below) from and including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from and including each Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next following Interest Payment 
Date. Interest on the Notes will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with § 3(5). 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen und gegebenenfalls erster 
kurzer oder langer Kupon] eines jeden Jahres. Der erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, der [●]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject to the Business 
Day Convention, [insert Specified Interest Payment 
Dates and if applicable, any short or long first coupon] in 
each year. The first Interest Payment Date will be [●], 
subject to the Business Day Convention. 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" 
hat 
die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, dann 
wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
"Business Day Convention" has the following meaning: 
If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), the 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (x) das Clearing System 
und (y) alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which both (x) the Clearing System and (y) 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated

--- Page 98 ---
97 
 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln. 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) are open to effect payments. 
(2) Zinssatz. Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist der Zinssatz per annum, der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)] entspricht, wobei der Zinssatz mindestens 
0,00 % per annum beträgt. 
(2) Rate of Interest. The "Rate of Interest" for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will be a rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate (as defined below) 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], subject to 
a minimum of 0.00 per cent. per annum. 
["Marge" bezeichnet [Zahl einfügen] % per annum.] 
["Margin" means [insert number] per cent. per annum.] 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
zweiten 
TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie jeden folgenden 
Zeitraum ab einem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from and 
including each Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the following Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrages für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360 (Actual/360). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (the "Calculation Period") the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(Actual/360). 
(3) 
Feststellung 
des 
Referenzsatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt 
an 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den betreffenden Referenzsatz 
nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
(3) Determination of the Reference Rate. The Calculation 
Agent will determine the relevant Reference Rate in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(3) 
on 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie folgt 
bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem Eintritt des 
jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in § 3(4)(g) definiert) 
beginnt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(a) 
For each Interest Period beginning prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(4)(g)), the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date.  
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht der Referenzsatz dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
shall be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day preceding the 
Interest Determination Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
(b) 
Für die Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar nach dem 
jeweiligen Stichtag beginnt, und alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden wird der Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(4) 
bestimmt. 
(b) 
For the Interest Period commencing immediately 
after the relevant Effective Date and all following 
Interest Periods, the Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with § 3(4). 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem Tag 
bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(4)) die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-
Monats Euro Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt 
als Prozentsatz per annum), die an dem 
betreffenden Tag um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
(subject to § 3(4)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) fixed at, and appearing 
on the Screen Page as of, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on such day. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters 
or such other information service which is the

--- Page 99 ---
98 
 
anderen Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche die Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
ersetzt. 
successor 
to 
the 
Reuters 
screen 
page 
EURIBOR01. 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, 
an dem das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) betriebsbereit ist. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) 
is operating. 
[Für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
legt 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag in kaufmännisch vernünftiger 
Weise durch lineare Interpolation zwischen zwei 
Referenzsätzen fest, von denen (i) der eine 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, 
für den es einen dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber kürzer als diese ist und (ii) der andere 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, 
für den es einen dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber länger als diese ist.] 
[In respect of the first Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonable manner using 
the straight-line interpolation by reference to two 
reference rates, (i) one of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a reference rate 
similar to the Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and (ii) the other of which 
shall be determined for a term for which a reference 
rate similar to the Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but longer than the 
applicable Interest Period.] 
(4) Benchmark-Ereignis.  
(4) Benchmark Event.  
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für die 
Bestimmung des betreffenden Referenzsatzes und die 
Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 
Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference Rate and the 
interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3 will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, 
sobald 
dies 
(nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) 
nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses (wie in § 3(4)(f) definiert) und vor dem 
nächsten Zinsfestsetzungstag erforderlich ist, 
einen Unabhängigen Berater (wie in § 3(4)(f) 
definiert) 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(4)(f) definiert), die 
Anpassungsspanne (wie in § 3(4)(f) definiert) und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in § 3(4)(d) 
definiert) festlegt. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, as soon as 
this is (in the Issuer's view) required following the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) 
and 
prior 
to 
the 
next 
Interest 
Determination Date, endeavor to appoint an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in § 3(4)(f)), who 
will determine a New Benchmark Rate (as defined 
in § 3(4)(f)), the Adjustment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3(4)(f)) and any Benchmark Amendments (as 
defined in § 3(4)(d)). 
(b) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn vor dem 10. 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date,  
(i) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
keine 
Anpassungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen (sofern erforderlich) 
gemäß diesem § 3(4) festgelegt hat, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it has 
not determined a New Benchmark Rate, has 
not determined the Adjustment Spread 
and/or has not determined any Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in accordance with 
this § 3(4), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die nächste 
Zinsperiode dem an dem letzten, unmittelbar vor 
Eintritt 
des 
relevanten 
Stichtags 
liegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
then the Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediately following Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate determined on the last Interest 
Determination Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Effective Date. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(4)(b) bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback) zur Anwendung kommt, 
wird 
§ 3(4) 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste nachfolgende (und, 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 3(4)(b) is to be applied, § 3(4) will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, if required, 
further subsequent) Interest Period(s).

--- Page 100 ---
99 
 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen.  
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen feststellt,  
(c) 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue Benchmarksatz; 
oder 
(i) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then 
such Successor Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate; 
or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
aber einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz der 
Neue Benchmarksatz. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but 
that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
unmittelbar 
nach 
dem 
Stichtag 
beginnende 
Zinsperiode und alle folgenden Zinsperioden dann 
(x) dem 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag zuzüglich (y) der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
In either case the Reference Rate for the Interest 
Period commencing immediately after the Effective 
Date and all following Interest Periods will then be 
(x) the New Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
plus 
(y) the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
festgelegt werden, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich 
dieser Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, 
die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), 
dann 
wird 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen feststellen. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(4), and if the Independent Adviser determines 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such New Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then 
the 
Independent Adviser will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without 
limitation, the following provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
(i) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder (in Ersetzung von 
Buchstabe (a) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Referenzsatz" in § 3(3)) die Methode zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
Fallback) für den Referenzsatz; und/oder  
(i) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen 
Page" and/or (in replacement of clause (a) of 
the definition of the term "Reference Rate" in 
§ 3(3)) the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Reference 
Rate; and/or 
(ii) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe "Geschäftstag", 
"Geschäftstagekonvention", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder "Zinszahlungstag" (einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder zu Beginn der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend vor oder zu dem Ende der 
betreffenden Zinsperiode bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
(ii) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", 
"Business 
Day 
Convention", 
"Interest 
Period", "Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Payment Date" (including the determination 
whether 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
will 
be 
determined in advance on or prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period or in arrear on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); and/or 
(iii) 
die Geschäftstagekonvention gemäß § 4(4). 
(iii) 
the business day convention in § 4(4). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß diesem 
§ 3(4) bzw. den Ausweichsatz gemäß § 3(4)(b) der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, 
den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 13 den Gläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald eine solche Mitteilung 
(nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung erforderlich ist, spätestens jedoch an 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined in 
accordance with this § 3(4) or the fallback rate in 
accordance with § 3(4)(b), as the case may be, to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with § 13, the Holders 
as soon as such notification is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the determination thereof, but in

--- Page 101 ---
100 
 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine solche Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und hat den Stichtag zu benennen.  
any event not later than on the 10th Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen bzw. der 
Ausweichsatz, die jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) or the 
fallback rate, as the case may be, each as specified 
in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Holders. The Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended by the New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) with effect from 
the Effective Date. 
An oder vor dem Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die 
Emittentin 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu überlassen, die 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
(i) 
(A) 
bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(A) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
(B) 
den nach Maßgabe der Bestimmungen 
dieses § 3(4) festgestellten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz benennt;  
(B) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark 
Rate determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 3(4);  
(C) 
die entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
benennt, die jeweils nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(4) 
festgestellt wurden; und  
(C) 
specifying the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 3(4); and 
(D) 
den Stichtag benennt; und 
(D) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. 
(ii) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant New Benchmark 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in diesem § 3(4): 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(4): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ 
oder gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (x) die 
Spanne oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der 
Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (x) the spread or (y) the result of 
the operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, which 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmarksatzes 
formell im Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes durch 
den Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; oder 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, 
is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate 
with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung gemäß Ziffer (1) 
abgegeben wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) üblicherweise 
an den internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten 
auf den Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet 
wird, um einen industrieweit akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursuant to clause (1) 
has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) is customarily 
applied to the New Benchmark Rate in the 
international debt capital markets to produce 
an 
industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determinations will be

--- Page 102 ---
101 
 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden; oder 
made by the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion; or 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass keine 
solche Spanne üblicherweise angewendet 
wird, und dass das Folgende für die 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen ist) als 
industrieweiter 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-
Counter Derivatetransaktionen, die sich auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, anerkannt oder bestätigt ist, wenn 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt worden ist, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied and that the following 
would be appropriate for the Notes) is 
recognized or acknowledged as being the 
industry 
standard 
for 
over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Benchmark Rate, where the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, provided that all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
an 
alternative benchmark or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in the international 
debt capital markets for the purpose of determining 
floating rates of interest in the Specified Currency, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(1) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen der für den Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen wird, (x) aus der hervorgeht, 
dass dieser Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, es gibt einen Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin bereitstellt, oder (y) aufgrund derer 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz allgemein 
oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr verwendet werden darf; oder 
(1) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by or on behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, (x) stating that said 
administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a 
successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Original Benchmark Rate, or 
(y) as a consequence of which the Original 
Benchmark Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(2) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, dass der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat 
oder einstellen wird, es sei denn, es gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by or on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Benchmark 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless there 
is a successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(3) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht mehr 
repräsentativ für den zugrunde liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein 
wird, und keine von der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes geforderten Maßnahmen 
(3) 
a 
public 
statement by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no longer 
representative, 
or 
will 
no 
longer 
be 
representative, of the underlying market it 
purports to measure and no action to 
remediate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as required by the

--- Page 103 ---
102 
 
zur 
Behebung 
einer solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen worden sind oder zu erwarten sind; 
oder 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator; or 
(4) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes aus irgendeinem Grund 
nach einem Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, 
die in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten 
anwendbar 
sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder  
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under 
any law or regulation applicable to any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz ohne 
vorherige offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den Administrator 
dauerhaft nicht mehr veröffentlicht wird; oder  
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently 
no longer published without a previous official 
announcement by the competent authority or 
the administrator; or 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
(6) 
material change is made to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
formell 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
a 
successor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den jeweils 
gemäß diesem § 3(4) bestimmten Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(4). 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht 
des Administrators der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss 
gefördert durch, geführt oder mitgeführt von 
oder gebildet von (I) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, (II) einer 
Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht des Administrators der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon. 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (I) the central bank for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (II) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), 
(III) a 
group 
of 
the 
aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (IV) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, der Anpassungsspanne und 
der etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(4) 
(der 
"Stichtag") 
ist 
der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den frühesten der 
folgenden Tage fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The effective date for the application of the New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(4) (the "Effective Date") will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after the earliest of 
the following dates: 
(i) 
den Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clauses (1), (2) or (3) of the definition

--- Page 104 ---
103 
 
wird, 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz eingestellt wird bzw. ab dem 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ ist oder sein wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund der Ziffern (1), 
(2) bzw. (3) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
cessation of publication of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
date 
of 
the 
discontinuation of the Original Benchmark 
Rate or the date as from which the Original 
Benchmark Rate is or will no longer 
representative, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffer (4) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (4) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date from which the 
prohibition applies; or 
(iii) 
den Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-
Ereignisses, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffern (5) oder (6) der Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
(iii) 
 if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clauses (5) or (6) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(4) 
entsprechend für die Ersetzung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen neuen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. In 
diesem Fall gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf 
den Begriff "Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" als 
Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt verwendeten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New 
Benchmark Rate, § 3(4) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of such New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
by 
any 
new 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
as the case may be. In this case, any reference in 
this § 3 to the term "Original Benchmark Rate" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the New 
Benchmark Rate that last applied. 
(i) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
gegebenenfalls auch eine Bezugnahme auf eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in Bezug auf diese 
Teilkomponente 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist.  
(i) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term "Original 
Benchmark Rate" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to any component part thereof, if any, in 
respect of which a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(5) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag, den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zinsbetrag bezogen 
auf jede festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. 
Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf jede 
festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf den nächsten EUR 0,01 auf- 
oder abgerundet wird, wobei EUR 0,005 aufgerundet 
werden. 
(5) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as 
soon as practicable after each Interest Determination 
Date, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to each Specified Denomination and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest EUR 0.01, EUR 0.005 
being rounded upwards.  
(6) 
Mitteilungen. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
relevante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern durch Mitteilung gemäß § 13 und jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als am 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen maßgeblichen Börsen, 
an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
(6) Notifications. The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the 
Holders by notice in accordance with § 13 and, if required 
by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed at the initiative of the Issuer, 
to such stock exchange, without undue delay, but in no 
event later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will be promptly notified to any relevant stock exchange 
on which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 13.

--- Page 105 ---
104 
 
Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
(7) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
(7) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(8) 
Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt 
die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen (§ 288 BGB). 
(8) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to accrue beyond the 
due date until the actual redemption of the Notes at the 
default rate of interest established by law (§ 288 of the 
German Civil Code (BGB)). 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems. 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect 
of Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
§ 4(2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes 
shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das Clearing 
System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
§ 4(2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Geschäftstage. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung kein Geschäftstag, 
wird der Fälligkeitstag auf den nächsten Tag verschoben, 
der 
ein 
Geschäftstag 
ist. 
Für 
eine 
solche 
Zahlungsverzögerung werden keine weiteren Zinsen 
gezahlt. 
(4) Business Days. If any due date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, it will 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. No 
further interest shall be paid in respect of the delay in such 
payment. 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: [if 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer at specified Call 
Redemption Amounts the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the 
option of the Holder the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable for 
reasons of a Change of Control, the following applies: 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any 
premium and any other amounts which may be payable

--- Page 106 ---
105 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;]
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen. 
under or in respect of the Notes. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, VORZEITIGE KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION, EARLY REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
eingezogen, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer festgelegten Stückelung 
an dem Zinszahlungstag, der auf oder um den [Datum 
einfügen] fällt (der "Endfälligkeitstag"), zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at maturity. To the extent not previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Specified 
Denomination on the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
around [insert date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption by the Issuer. 
(a) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(i) 
Wenn der Emittentin ein Gutachten einer 
anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die 
Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine Kopie 
davon überlässt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an 
dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält, dann ist die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise, 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag, 
der 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag 
sein 
muss, 
zu 
ihrer 
festgelegten Stückelung nebst etwaigen bis zu 
dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
If an opinion of a recognised law firm has been 
delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to 
pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series 
of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to 
pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7), 
and this obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good 
faith) deems reasonable and appropriate, the 
Issuer may, by giving notice in accordance with 
clause (ii), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes 
at 
any 
time 
at 
their 
Specified 
Denomination together with accrued interest, if 
any, to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption on the date fixed for redemption 
which must be an Interest Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, 
oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect.

--- Page 107 ---
106 
 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht 
mehr wirksam ist. 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen bekannt zu geben. Die Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(B) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin; und 
(B) 
the date fixed for redemption; and 
(C) 
eine Zusammenfassung, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
(C) 
a summary of the facts constituting the 
basis for the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem. 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungsbeträgen (Call) zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption 
Amounts the following applies: 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(b) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit [insgesamt oder 
teilweise] 
[insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise,] an dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) zu 
dem betreffenden Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer may, by giving notice in accordance 
with clause (ii), redeem [all or some only] [all 
but not some only] of the Notes at the relevant 
Call Redemption Amount set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to but 
excluding the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption on the Call Redemption Date fixed 
for redemption. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)
[_________________________]  
Call Redemption Date(s)
[____________________________]  
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call)
[_________________________] 
Call Redemption Amount(s)
[____________________________] 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 15 Tagen bekannt zu geben. 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 15 days. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(B) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(B) 
whether such series of Notes is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(C) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call). 
(C) 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption. 
(iii) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of

--- Page 108 ---
107 
 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in 
the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]]  
[Falls die Emittentin das Recht hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen wegen eines geringen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer for a minimal outstanding principal 
amount, the following applies: 
[(c)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
wegen eines geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags. 
[(c)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for a 
minimal outstanding principal amount. 
(i) 
Wenn 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
20 % 
oder 
weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die zuvor 
ausgegeben wurden, fällt, dann ist die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Erklärung 
gemäß Absatz (ii) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise, 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag, 
der 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein muss, zur festgelegten 
Stückelung nebst etwaigen bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
If at any time the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the series previously 
issued, the Issuer may, by giving notice in 
accordance with clause (ii), redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes at any time at their 
Specified Denomination together with accrued 
interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed 
for redemption on the date fixed for redemption 
which must be an Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen bekannt zu geben. Die Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(ii) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(A) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(A) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; and 
(B) 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag.] 
(B) 
the date fixed for redemption.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
[(d)] Der Emittentin steht ein Wahlrecht nach diesem 
§ 5(2) nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5(3) verlangt 
hat. 
[(d)] The Issuer may not exercise any of the options in this 
§ 5(2) in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such Note under § 5(3). 
(3) Rückzahlung durch einen Gläubiger. 
(3) Redemption by a Holder. 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder on the Put Redemption Date the 
following applies: 
[(a)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
[(a)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of 
any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption

--- Page 109 ---
108 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), wie 
nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put)
[_____________________] 
Put Redemption Date(s)
[__________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put)
[_____________________] 
Put Redemption Amount(s)
[__________________________] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte gemäß § 5(2) verlangt 
hat. 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under § 5(2). 
(ii) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr 
als 
60 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
Mitteilung in Textform (gemäß § 126b BGB) 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung") 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Falls die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
Zeit 
am 
30. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
eingeht, 
ist 
das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt wird, (ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) und (iii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen. Für die Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, 
wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
in 
deutscher 
und 
englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das 
weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. 
Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
welche 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
(ii) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days before the Put Redemption Date on 
which such redemption is required to be made 
as specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text 
form (pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil 
Code (BGB)) ("Put Notice"). In the event that 
the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. 
Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th Business 
Day before the Put Redemption Date, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, (ii) the Put 
Redemption Date and (iii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes. The Put 
Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the 
German and English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised against delivery 
of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[Falls die Gläubiger das Wahlrecht haben, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels zu kündigen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar:  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for 
reasons of a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
[(b)] Kontrollwechsel.  
[(b)] Change of Control. 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel (ein "Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis") ein, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht 
(sofern nicht die Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-Mitteilung 
gemacht 
wird, 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5(2) erklärt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
If a Change of Control occurs (a "Change of Control 
Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Change of Control Event 
Notification referred below, the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to 
require the Issuer to redeem the Notes of such 
Holder at the Early Redemption Amount on the date 
which falls 20 Business Days following the

--- Page 110 ---
109 
 
an dem Tag zu verlangen, der 20 Geschäftstage 
nach der Veröffentlichung einer Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis-Mitteilung 
liegt 
("Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungstag"). 
publication of a Change of Control Event Notification 
(such date the "Early Redemption Date").  
Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von einem 
Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis und von dem Tag, an dem 
dieses Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis eingetreten ist, in 
Kenntnis setzen (eine "Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-
Mitteilung"), sobald dies nach Kenntniserlangung 
praktikabel ist. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event and of the 
date on which such Change of Control Event 
occurred 
(a 
"Change 
of 
Control 
Event 
Notification") as soon as practicable after becoming 
aware thereof.  
Um 
dieses 
Wahlrechts 
auszuüben, 
hat 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Ausübungserklärung in Textform (gemäß § 126b 
BGB) bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Emissionsstelle 
einreichen 
(die 
"Ausübungserklärung"), 
die 
in 
ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist. 
Eine 
solche 
Ausübungserklärung 
muss 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 10 
Geschäftstagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechsel-
Ereignis-Mitteilung veröffentlicht wurde, übermittelt 
werden. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 
Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 10. Geschäftstag 
nachdem die Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis-Mitteilung 
veröffentlicht wurde, übermittelt wird, ist das 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
wirksam 
ausgeübt. 
Ein 
so 
ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
widerrufen 
oder 
zurückgezogen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a 
duly completed option exercise notice in text form 
(pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil Code 
(BGB)) ("Exercise Notice") in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Such 
Exercise Notice must be submitted to the Fiscal 
Agent during normal business hours within a period 
of 10 Business Days after a Change of Control Event 
Notification has been given. In the event that the 
Exercise Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt 
am Main time on the 10th Business Day after a 
Change of Control Event Notification has been 
given, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. No option so exercised may be revoked 
or withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt als eingetreten, 
wenn eine Person oder Personen, die ihr 
Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, 
jeweils ausschließlich die Ausgeschlossenen 
Gesellschaften, oder eine oder mehrerer 
Personen, die für eine solche Person handelt 
bzw. für solche Personen handeln, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt direkt oder indirekt (i) 
mehr als 50 % des Stammkapitals der 
Emittentin erwirbt/erwerben oder (ii) eine 
Anzahl von Anteilen am Stammkapital der 
Emittentin erwirbt/erwerben, der mehr als 
50 % der an einer Gesellschafterversammlung 
der Emittentin ausübbaren Stimmrechte trägt; 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to 
have occurred if any person or Persons Acting 
in Concert, in each case excluding the 
Excluded Companies, or any person or 
persons acting on behalf of any such 
person(s), at any time directly or indirectly 
acquire(s) (i) more than 50 per cent. of the 
share capital (Stammkapital) of the Issuer or 
(ii) such number of shares in the capital 
(Anteile am Stammkapital) of the Issuer 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights exercisable at respective general 
meetings of the Issuer.  
"Ausgeschlossene 
Gesellschaften" 
bezeichnet (i) MAHLE-STIFTUNG GmbH und 
ihren 
Rechtsnachfolger 
("MAHLE-
STIFTUNG"), (ii) MABEG – Verein zur 
Förderung und Beratung der MAHLE-Gruppe 
e.V. und ihren Rechtsnachfolger ("MABEG"), 
jede 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
MAHLE-
STIFTUNG 
und/oder 
der 
MABEG 
(mit 
Ausnahme der Emittentin) und (iii) jedes 
Mitglied der MAHLE Gruppe; 
"Excluded Companies" means (i) MAHLE-
STIFTUNG GmbH and its legal successor 
("MAHLE-STIFTUNG"), (ii) MABEG – Verein 
zur Förderung und Beratung der MAHLE-
Gruppe 
e.V. 
and 
its 
legal 
successor 
("MABEG"), 
any 
subsidiary 
of 
MAHLE-
STIFTUNG and/or MABEG (other than the 
Issuer) and (iii) any member of MAHLE Group; 
"Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander 
abgestimmt haben" bezeichnet Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten i.S.d. § 22 Absatz (2) 
"Persons Acting in Concert" means persons 
acting in concert within the meaning of § 22 (2)

--- Page 111 ---
110 
 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
aufeinander 
abgestimmt haben. 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG). 
"Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
bezeichnet 
ihre 
festgelegte Stückelung zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]] 
"Early Redemption Amount" of a Note 
means its Specified Denomination together 
with accrued interest, if any, to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption.]] 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE  
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle 
(die 
"Emissionsstelle"), die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle (die 
"Zahlstelle") 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle (die "Berechnungsstelle") und deren 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent"), the initial Paying Agent (the "Paying 
Agent") and the initial Calculation Agent (the "Calculation 
Agent") and their initial specified offices shall be: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
Berechnungsstelle:  
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
Calculation Agent:  
[name and specified office] 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Veränderungen im Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle, die 
Berechnungsstelle und etwaige Zahlstellen erfolgen 
unverzüglich durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to change their 
specified offices to any other specified offices in the same 
country. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder 
der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und 
eine andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle, 
(ii) 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
einer 
Geschäftsstelle in einem Land auf dem europäischen 
Festland, (iii) so lange die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an einer Börse notiert 
werden, 
gegebenenfalls 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
einer 
benannten Geschäftsstelle an dem von der betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
und 
(iv) 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden.  
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent 
or additional or other Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in a 
continental European city, (iii) so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such city as may be 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange, if any 
and (iv) a Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent 
and the Calculation Agent act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.

--- Page 112 ---
111 
 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern 
oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist die Emittentin gesetzlich zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge 
besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, 
die: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If the Issuer is required by law to make 
such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) 
wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided 
for and notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 7 
sind weder die Emittentin, noch eine Zahlstelle oder eine 
andere Person, die Zahlungen im Namen der Emittentin 
tätigt, dazu verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge im Hinblick 
auf solche Steuern zu zahlen, die gemäß 1471(b) des 
United States Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (das "Gesetz"), oder anderweitig 
gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Gesetzes, 
aufgrund von darunter fallenden Verordnungen oder 
Notwithstanding anything in this § 7 to the contrary, neither 
the Issuer, any paying agent nor any other person making 
payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of such taxes imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements

--- Page 113 ---
112 
 
Vereinbarungen, offiziellen Auslegungen dieses Gesetzes 
oder eines Gesetzes, das eine zwischenstaatliche 
Abstimmung dazu umsetzt, erhoben werden. 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer, der darauf erhobene 
Solidaritätszuschlag sowie gegebenenfalls anfallende 
Kirchensteuer sind keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im 
oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
The German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer), the 
German 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon and German church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
if any, do not constitute a tax as described above in 
respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by 
the Issuer. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die 
in 
§ 801 
Absatz 1 
Satz 1 
BGB 
bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced to 
ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung(en) zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Note(s) due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at par plus accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
15 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the 
Notes within 15 days from the relevant due date; or 
(b) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls 
die Unterlassung heilbar ist, die Unterlassung jedoch 
länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes and such failure is not capable 
of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after 
the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a 
Holder; or 
(c) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft (i) Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie in § 2(2) definiert) 
oder aufgrund von Bürgschaften oder Garantien, die 
hierfür abgegeben wurden, in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert 
von 
insgesamt 
mindestens 
EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit 
bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt oder 
(ii) sofern die Zusage zu einer oder mehrerer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert 
von 
insgesamt 
mindestens 
EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen Euro) 
zurückgezogen oder widerrufen wird oder sofern 
solche Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten gemäß den 
maßgeblichen 
Bedingungen 
für 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten von dem jeweiligen 
Gläubiger fällig und zahlbar gestellt wurden, und 
zwar vor dem angegebenen Ende der Laufzeit 
aufgrund einer Vertragsverletzung (gleich welcher 
Art), es sei denn, die Emittentin bzw. die jeweilige 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. 
diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise 
(c) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil (i) 
any payment obligation in the minimum amount or 
the equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty 
million 
Euros) 
under 
any 
Capital 
Markets 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2) above) or under 
any guarantees or suretyship given in respect 
thereof within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of 
such guarantee or suretyship being invoked or (ii) if 
the Capital Markets Indebtedness granted by one or 
several transactions in a minimum amount or the 
equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million 
Euros) has been cancelled or revoked or, if the 
relevant creditor has declared such Capital Markets 
Indebtedness due and payable in accordance with 
the relevant terms and conditions for such Capital 
Markets Indebtedness and if such acceleration 
occurs prior to the agreed term and due to a breach 
of contract (irrespective of which kind), unless the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable, contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted in respect of such obligations, is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or

--- Page 114 ---
113 
 
geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von dem (den) daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bekanntgibt, 
ihren 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
nicht 
nachkommen zu können, ihre Zahlungen auf 
Verbindlichkeiten 
einstellt 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
finanziellen 
Schwierigkeiten 
Verhandlungen mit einem oder mehrerern ihrer 
Schuldner beginnt zum Zwecke der Umschuldung 
von Verbindlichkeiten und, insbesondere, falls die 
Emittentin oder eine in Deutschland gegründete 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary announces its 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends 
making payments on any of its debts or, by reason 
of 
actual 
financial 
difficulties, 
commences 
negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a 
view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness and in 
particular, the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
incorporated in Germany is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due (zahlungsunfähig) within the 
meaning of Section 17 of the Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung); or 
(e) 
die Emittentin oder eine in Deutschland gegründete 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft überschuldet ist im 
Sinne von § 19 Insolvenzordnung oder, in Bezug auf 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, die nicht in 
Deutschland gegründet wurde, falls der Wert ihrer 
Vermögensgegenstände niedriger ist als ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten, vorausgesetzt dass dies nach 
dem Recht des Landes, unter dem die jeweilige 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gegründet wurde, 
ein Ereignis darstellt, das diese Gesellschaft oder 
ihre Gläubiger berechtigt oder verpflichtet die 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens zu beantragen; 
oder 
(e) 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary incorporated in 
Germany is overindebted within the meaning of 
Section 
19 
of 
the 
Insolvency 
Code 
(Insolvenzordnung) or, with respect to any Material 
Subsidiary not incorporated in Germany, the value of 
its assets is less than its liabilities provided that this 
constitutes an event under the relevant applicable 
jurisdiction of incorporation of such Material 
Subsidiary entitling or obliging any such entity or any 
of its creditors to file for the opening of insolvency 
proceedings; or 
(f) 
ein Zahlungsstopp in Bezug auf die Verschuldung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft verhängt wurde; oder 
(f) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any 
indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; 
or 
(g) 
eine Kapitalmaßnahme, ein Gerichtsverfahren oder 
ein anderes Verfahren oder ein anderer Schritt 
eingeleitet 
wurde 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Zahlungsaufschub, einen Zahlungsstopp in Bezug 
auf eine Verbindlichkeit, eine Abwicklung, eine 
Auflösung, eine Verwaltung oder eine Insolvenz der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
oder 
ein 
vergleichbares 
Verfahren oder ein vergleichbarer Schritt in 
irgendeiner 
Jurisdiktion 
eingeleitet 
wurde, 
ausgenommen (i) eine freiwillige und nicht durch 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit begründete Liquidation oder 
Reorganisation 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft oder (ii) dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Fusion und ein solches 
Verfahren ist nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden; oder 
(g) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other 
procedure or step is taken in relation to the 
suspension of payments, a moratorium of any 
indebtedness, 
winding-up, 
dissolution, 
administration or insolvency of the Issuer or a 
Material Subsidiary or any analogous procedure or 
step is taken in any jurisdiction, other than any (i) 
voluntary and solvent liquidation or reorganisation of 
a Material Subsidiary or (ii) in connection with any 
merger and such procedures have not been 
discharged or stayed within 60 days; or 
(h) 
Zwangsvollstreckungsmaßnahmen in wesentliche 
Teile des Vermögens der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft (wie in § 2(2) 
definiert) erfolgen, es sei denn, der Gesamtbetrag 
aller solcher Verfahren oder ihr Gegenwert liegt 
unter EUR 50.000.000 (in Worten: fünfzig Millionen 
Euro) 
oder 
die 
jeweiligen 
Zwangsvollstreckungsmaßnahmen wurden binnen 
30 Tagen eingestellt; oder 
(h) 
compulsory enforcement measures occur with 
respect to substantial parts of the assets of the 
Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined 
in § 2(2) above), unless the total amount of all such 
measures does not reach the amount or the 
equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (in words: fifty million 
Euros) or the relevant compulsory enforcement 
measures have been discharged within 30 days; or 
(i) 
die Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
rechtswidrig ist oder wird; oder 
(i) 
it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
any of its obligations under the Notes; or

--- Page 115 ---
114 
 
(j) 
die MAHLE Gruppe ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz 
oder nahezu ganz einstellt, alle oder nahezu alle 
Teile ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig 
abgibt und es darum wahrscheinlich wird, dass die 
Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
(j) 
MAHLE Group ceases all or substantially all of its 
business operations or sells or disposes of all of its 
assets or the substantial part thereof and, for this 
reason, it becomes likely that the Issuer may not fulfil 
its payment obligations under the Notes vis-à-vis the 
Holders; or 
(k) 
die Emittentin liquidiert oder aufgelöst wird, es sei 
denn, 
dies 
geschieht 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme 
(einschließlich 
Verschmelzungen und Umwandlungen). 
(k) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation or dissolution unless 
through a restructuring measure (including mergers 
and transformations). 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare the Notes due shall expire if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9(1)(b) und/oder § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren 
Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und § 9(1)(d) bis 
(k) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and/or 
§ 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at 
the time such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d) through (k) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such notices from 
the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9(1) hat in Textform 
(gemäß § 126b BGB) in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache zu erfolgen und ist an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made in text 
form (pursuant to § 126b of the German Civil Code (BGB)) 
in the German or English language and must be submitted 
to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on any 
of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or 
in connection with these Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin alle 
erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten haben und 
berechtigt sind, an das Clearing System oder die 
Emissionsstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet 
zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder 
andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained 
all necessary authorisations and may transfer to the 
Clearing System or to the Fiscal Agent in the 
currency required and without being obligated to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of 
the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger 
bezüglich 
der 
Ersetzung 
auferlegt 
werden; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on 
such Holder in respect of such substitution;

--- Page 116 ---
115 
 
(d) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Nachfolgeschuldnerin unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder Gläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde und eine 
Negativverpflichtung 
übernimmt, 
die 
der 
Bestimmung in § 2(2) entspricht; 
(d) 
the 
Issuer 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees such obligations of the Substitute Debtor 
under the Notes on terms that ensure that each 
Holder will be put in an economic position which is at 
least as favourable as that which would have existed 
if the substitution had not taken place and assumes 
a negative pledge equal to § 2(2) hereof; 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger bezüglich bzw. in Folge der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on 
such Holder in respect or as a result of such 
substitution; and 
(f) 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass 
die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden § 10(a), (b), 
(c), (d) und (e) erfüllt wurden. 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
for each jurisdiction affected one opinion of lawyers 
of recognised standing to the effect that § 10(a), (b), 
(c), (d) and (e) above have been satisfied. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne 
von § 17 Aktiengesetz. 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of § 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu machen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich 
nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, 
dass die Bezugnahme entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
MAHLE GmbH erfolgen soll, oder dass die Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
MAHLE GmbH, im Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(d) erfolgen soll. Des Weiteren 
gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of 
the relevant condition requires that the relevant reference 
shall continue to be a reference only to MAHLE GmbH, or 
that the reference shall be to the Substitute Debtor and 
MAHLE GmbH, in relation to MAHLE GmbH's obligations 
under the guarantee pursuant to § 10(1)(d) at the same 
time. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the 
following shall apply: 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5(2)(a) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat);  
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2)(a) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included (in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor); 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) bis (h) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die MAHLE GmbH in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) und ein 
weiterer Kündigungsgrund soll als aufgenommen 
gelten, der dann eintritt, wenn die Garantie aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr gilt; 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (h) an alternative reference to MAHLE 
GmbH in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed 
to have been included (in addition to the reference to 
the Substitute Debtor) and a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been included; such event 
of default shall exist in the case that the guarantee is 
or becomes invalid for any reasons; 
(c) 
[in § 5(3)[(b)] zum Zwecke der Feststellung eines 
Kontrollwechsels und] für die Definition einer 
"Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft" in § 2(2), gilt 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die MAHLE GmbH 
in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen, 
zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin; und 
(c) 
[in § 5(3)[(b)] for the purpose of the determination of 
a Change of Control and] for the definition of 
"Material Subsidiary" in § 2 (2), an alternative 
reference to MAHLE GmbH in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor; 
and

--- Page 117 ---
116 
 
(d) 
In § 9 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als 
aufgenommen, der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(1)(d) mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung 
eines zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin einen Mangel 
der Wirksamkeit behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben wird. 
(d) 
In § 9 a further event of default shall be deemed to 
have been included; such event of default shall exist 
in the case that the guarantee pursuant to § 10(1)(d) 
is determined by the final decision of a competent 
court or is claimed by the guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect and such defect is not corrected 
within ten business days. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, 
HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Mit 
der 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger durch einen Beschluss mit der 
in § 11(2) bestimmten Mehrheit kann die Emittentin die 
Anleihebedingungen im Hinblick auf im Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") zugelassene 
Gegenstände (abgesehen von der Ersetzung des 
Emittenten, was ausschließlich den in § 10 festgesetzten 
Regeln unterliegt) ändern. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Terms and Conditions with regard to 
matters permitted by the German Act on Debt Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
– 
"SchVG") 
(other 
than 
the 
substitution of the Issuer which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions set forth in § 10) with the consent of the Holders 
by resolution with the majority specified in § 11(2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders 
are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche 
Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und die 
keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des 
SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin oder 
einem mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder 
eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions shall be passed by 
a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast (a 
"Qualified 
Majority"). 
Resolutions 
relating 
to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not 
material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 
paragraph 3, nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple 
majority of the votes cast. The voting right is suspended 
as long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates (within the meaning of § 271(2) of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are 
being held for the account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
(3) Verfahren für Abstimmungen und Abstimmungen ohne 
Versammlung. Abstimmungen der Gläubiger können 
entweder in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG 
durchgeführt werden. Der Einberufende wird im Falle der 
Einberufung bestimmen, ob die Abstimmungen in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt werden. Der Antrag für 
eine Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
wird 
die 
näheren 
Details 
für 
die 
Entscheidungen 
und 
das 
Abstimmungsverfahren 
enthalten. Der Gegenstand der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung sowie die 
Entscheidungsvorschläge 
sollen 
den 
Gläubigern 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Antrag 
für 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
mitgeteilt 
werden. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten 
für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin findet 
ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4, Satz 2 SchVG 
statt. 
(3) Procedures of Votes and Votes without a Meeting. 
Resolutions of Holders may be taken either in a meeting 
of Holders (Gläubigerversammlung) or by vote taken 
without a meeting in accordance with § 18 of the SchVG. 
The person convening a meeting or the vote without a 
meeting (der Einberufende) shall, in each case, elect 
whether the resolutions shall be taken in a meeting or by 
vote taken without a meeting. The request for a meeting or 
vote without a meeting will provide further details relating 
to the resolutions and the voting procedures. The subject 
matter of the meeting or vote without a meeting as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders 
together with the request for a meeting or vote without a 
meeting. In the case, where a vote without a meeting has 
been chosen, a meeting of Holders and the assumption of 
the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4, 
sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Gläubigerversammlung oder Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung. Die Gläubigerversammlung oder die 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame 
(4) Chair of the Meeting of Holders or Vote without a 
Meeting. The meeting of Holders or vote without a meeting 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if

--- Page 118 ---
117 
 
Vertreter (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung zum Zeitpunkt der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nachweisen durch (a) eine gesonderte 
Bestätigung der Depotbank und durch die Vorlage (b) 
einer Sperrerklärung der Depotbank zugunsten der 
Hinterlegungsstelle, aus der sich ergibt, dass die 
jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen ab (einschließlich) dem 
Tag der Eintragung bis (einschließlich) zu (x) dem Tag der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder (y) dem Tag an dem die 
Abstimmungsperiode endet nicht übertragbar sind. Diese 
gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank soll (i) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthalten, (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen angeben, die an dem Tag der 
Ausstellung der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierkonto des 
Gläubigers bei der Depotbank verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotbank dem Clearing System 
sowie der Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung über 
die Informationen gemäß (i) und (ii) gemacht hat und die 
Bestätigung des Clearing Systems und des jeweiligen 
Clearing System Kontoinhabers enthalten.  
(5) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the meeting of Holders or the vote 
without a meeting at the time of the meeting or vote without 
a meeting by means of (a) a special confirmation of the 
Custodian and by submission of (b) a blocking instruction 
by the Custodian for the benefit of a depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) stating that the relevant Notes are 
not transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including (x) the day 
of the meeting of Holders or (y) the day the voting period 
ends. The special confirmation of the Custodian shall (i) 
state the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) specify 
an aggregate denomination of Notes credited on the date 
of such certificate to such Holder's securities account 
maintained with such Custodian and (iii) confirm that the 
Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing 
System as well as to the Fiscal Agent containing the 
information pursuant to (i) and (ii) and bearing 
acknowledgements of the Clearing System and of the 
relevant Clearing System accountholder.  
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls 
kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
bestellen. 
Die 
Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen Vertreters muss von einer qualifizierten 
Mehrheit beschlossen werden, wenn der gemeinsame 
Vertreter ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen materiellen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(2) 
zuzustimmen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' 
Representative") 
to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. An 
appointment of a common representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if such common 
representative is to be authorised to consent, in 
accordance with § 11(2) hereof, to a material change in 
the substance of the Terms and Conditions.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in 
den Anleihebedingungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter] (der 
"gemeinsame Vertreter"). Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [Holder's Representative]. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative 
has 
acted 
wilfully 
or 
with 
gross 
negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich 
vor. 
Über 
seine 
Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für 
die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the 
Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen § 11 erfolgen 
gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 13. 
Any notices concerning this § 11 will be made in 
accordance with § 5 et seq. of the SchVG and § 13.

--- Page 119 ---
118 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 10(1)(d). 
The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes will 
apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee granted pursuant 
to § 10(1)(d). 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse notiert und 
zum Handel am Euro MTF zugelassen sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt an dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 (1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the internet 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am Euro MTF 
zugelassen sind, findet § 13(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach § 13(1) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes 
are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, § 13(1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as 
set forth in § 13(1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fifth day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an 
einer Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following 
applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver 
all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)] [(3)] 
Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made in text form (pursuant to § 126b of

--- Page 120 ---
119 
 
Textform (gemäß § 126b BGB) erfolgen und zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Nachweis 
seiner 
Inhaberschaft 
an 
die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearing System in der von der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearing 
System 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
the German Civil Code (BGB)) together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice 
may be given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve 
for such purpose. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist nicht ausschließlich 
zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive 
court of venue for specific legal proceedings in connection 
with the SchVG, the District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei 
sind, 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
(wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem maßgeblichen Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung bezüglich der Absicht 
des Gläubigers, seine Ansprüche unmittelbar geltend zu 
machen, abgegeben hat, (I) die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, (II) deren 
Empfang vom Clearing System bestätigt wurde, und (III) 
die 
vom 
Clearing 
System 
an 
die 
Depotbank 
zurückgeschickt wurde, und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing Systems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the relevant Clearing 
System of the intention of the Holder to enforce claims 
directly which (I) contains the information pursuant to (a) 
and (b), (II) has been acknowledged by the Clearing 
System, and (III) has been returned by the Clearing 
System to the Custodian and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. In these Terms and Conditions, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 121 ---
120 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language only the following applies: These Terms and 
Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 122 ---
121 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
In case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the 
website of MAHLE Group (www.mahle.com). 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hat 
– 
ausschließlich 
für 
den 
Zweck 
des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) 
der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, „MiFID II“), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in 
der 
Folge 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(ein 
„Vertriebsunternehmen“) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen 
(entweder 
durch 
die 
Übernahme 
oder 
durch 
die 
Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu 
bestimmen.]2 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
                                                     
 
1  
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is “Professional Investors 
and Eligible Counterparties only”. 
2  
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat „Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien“.

--- Page 123 ---
122 
 
 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hat 
– 
ausschließlich 
für 
den 
Zweck 
des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) 
der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne 
des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden 
angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) 
und 
angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients 
and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER5 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR6 [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
                                                     
 
3 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors 
and Eligible Counterparties only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are 
also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location 
of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK 
MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat "Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise 
nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR 
unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es 
Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
5  
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and 
structured deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the “ESMA Guidelines”). 
6  
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, 
for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability 
and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution 
services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness 
required under Article 25 (3) of MiFID II.

--- Page 124 ---
123 
 
 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]7.]8  
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER, 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
– 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den 
Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, 
professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, „MiFID II“), umfasst; ENTWEDER9 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER10 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und 
geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-
Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in 
der 
Folge 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(ein 
„Vertriebsunternehmen“) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen 
(entweder 
durch 
die 
Übernahme 
oder 
durch 
die 
Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]11, zu bestimmen.]12 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); EITHER13 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]14] 
OR15 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
                                                     
 
7  
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
8  
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is “Retail Investor Target 
Market”. 
9  
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten 
Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) (die „ESMA Leitlinien“) ESMA komplex sind. 
10  Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste 
muss gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der 
Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen „komplexe“ Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen 
von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
11  Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
12  Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat „Zielmarkt Kleinanleger“. 
13 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
14 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected 
in COBS) where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the 
ESMA Guidelines. 
15 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be 
amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 125 ---
124 
 
 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]16.]17 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER, 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
- 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den 
Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 
2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des 
FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER18 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]19] 
ODER20 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle 
Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter 
dem COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen 
Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-
Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance 
Rules") 
unterliegt, 
ist 
indes 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder 
durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
                                                     
 
16 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without 
the need to make the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability 
will be necessary. 
17 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target 
Market". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK 
MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, 
there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or both are included. 
18 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS 
reflektiert). 
19 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen 
sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
20 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS 
reflektiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich 
gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit notwendig. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen 
von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 126 ---
125 
 
 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]21, zu 
bestimmen.]22 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4 (1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]23 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht 
zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine 
Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
„MiFID II“); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die „Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie“), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger 
im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die „Prospektverordnung“). Entsprechend wurde 
kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in der jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, 
die „PRIIPs-Verordnung“) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im 
EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein.]24 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
                                                     
 
21 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von 
Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von 
Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
22 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-
Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID 
II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
23  Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”. 
24  Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR“ für 
„Nicht anwendbar“ erklären.

--- Page 127 ---
126 
 
 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]25 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN GB – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht 
zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im 
Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht 
an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für 
die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder 
mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (der "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder 
Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen 
wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 
Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts 
ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der 
Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA 
Teil 
des 
nationalen 
Rechts 
ist 
(die 
"UK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung"), 
erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt 
für 
das 
Angebot 
oder 
den 
Verkauf 
oder 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann 
das 
Angebot 
oder 
der 
Verkauf 
oder 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein.]26] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
"SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]  
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der "SFA") 
und den Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die 
"CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle 
relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den 
Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 
2018 definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.]] 
 
 
                                                     
 
25 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will 
also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and 
European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless specified as "Not Applicable". 
26 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB" 
für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und 
umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht für "Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 128 ---
127 
 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms  
Endgültige Bedingungen 
MAHLE GmbH 
Legal Entity Identifier: [   ] 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [   ] / Tranche No.: [   ]  
Serien Nr.: [   ] / Tranche Nr.: [   ] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with [   ]) 
(die mit [   ] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden)] 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Series: [   ]27 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie: [   ]](27) 
Issue Date: [   ](28)  
Tag der Begebung: [   ](28) 
issued pursuant to the  
EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme dated April 29, 2022 
of MAHLE GmbH  
begeben aufgrund des  
EUR 2.000.000.000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme vom 29. April 2022 
der MAHLE GmbH  
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the “Final 
Terms”). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated April 29, 
2022 (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●]]. The Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Full information on MAHLE GmbH and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement to the Prospectus and 
these Final Terms.  
[This document must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus, save in respect of the program terms 
and conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the base prospectus of MAHLE GmbH dated 
April 29, 2021 and which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (the “Program Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 2021”).](29) 
                                                     
 
27  Use only if this issue is an increase of an existing issue. 
 
Nur verwenden, falls es sich bei der aktuellen Emission um die Aufstockung einer Emission handelt. 
28  The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is 
the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei 
freier Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
29 
Applicable in the case of an issue of Notes which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding 
notes issued in the relevant year.  
 
Anwendbar im Falle einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die mit im relevanten Jahr begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden.

--- Page 129 ---
128 
 
 
[A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](30) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen dar (die „Endgültigen Bedingungen“). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen 
wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die „Prospektverordnung“), 
abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 29. April 2022 (der “Prospekt”) [ergänzt 
durch [den Nachtrag] [die Nachträge] vom [●]] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können 
in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen 
werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die Emittentin und das Angebot ergeben sich nur aus 
einer Gesamtschau dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, des Prospekts und etwaiger Nachträge zu dem 
Prospekt.  
[Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Prospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Programm-
Anleihebedingungen, die dem Basisprospekt der MAHLE GmbH vom 29. April 2021 entnommen sind 
und die per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen sind (die „Programm-Anleihebedingungen 
2021“).](29) 
[Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen angefügt.](30)  
 
Part I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Teil I: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A.  
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined 
by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the 
relevant placeholders, insert:(31) 
A. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen 
durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:(31) 
 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”), and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die “Bedingungen”) sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
                                                     
 
30  In the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000, a summary may be 
enclosed on a voluntary basis.  
Im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 kann eine Zusammenfassung auf freiwilliger Basis angefügt werden. 
31  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions 
will be required where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including 
numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der 
Bedingungen erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 130 ---
129 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.] 
[B.  
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined 
by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, 
die durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, 
der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die 
“Anleihebedingungen”), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die 
in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als 
in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die “Bedingungen”) 
gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, SPECIFIED DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1)  
WÄHRUNG, FESTGELEGTE STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
 
 
Specified Currency(32) 
Festgelegte Währung(32) 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[   ]
[   ]
                                                     
 
32  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 131 ---
130 
 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Specified Denomination(33) 
Festgelegte Stückelung(33) 
[   ]
[   ]
Clearing System  
Clearing System 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Global Note(34) 
Globalurkunde(34) 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[   ] per cent. per annum
[   ] % per annum
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[   ]
[  ]
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[   ]
[   ]
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[   ]
[   ]
 
 Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter Stückelung 
[   ]
 
[   ]
 
 Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date 
Letzter dem Endfälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag 
[   ]
[   ]
                                                     
 
33  The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, 
an amount in such other currency equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw., falls die Schuldverschreibungen 
in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
34  As to whether the relevant global note is intended to be held in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility, 
please see “Part II; Additional Information” below.  
Zu der Frage, ob die Verwahrung der jeweiligen Globalurkunde in einer Weise geschehen soll, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt, siehe bitte „Teil II, Zusätzliche Informationen“.

--- Page 132 ---
131 
 
 
 
 Final Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter Stückelung 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Day Count Fraction  
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Aktuell/Aktuell (ICMA) 
 
Determination Date 
Feststellungstermin 
[   ]
[   ] 
 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Aktuell/Aktuell (ISDA) 
 
 Actual/360 
Aktuell/360 
 
 30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30/360 oder 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Aktuell/365 (fest) 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates and 
if applicable, any short or long first 
coupon 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage und 
gegebenenfalls erster kurzer oder 
langer Kupon 
[   ]
[   ]
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[   ] 
[   ]
 
[Margin 
Marge 
[   ] per cent. per annum
[   ] % per annum
 
 plus  
Plus 
 
 minus  
Minus] 
 
Original Benchmark Rate  
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
 
Benchmark Rate 
Benchmarksatz 
[number] Month EURIBOR 
[Zahl] Monats EURIBOR

--- Page 133 ---
132 
 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)(35)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4)(35) 
 
Business Day  
Geschäftstag 
 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[   ]
[   ]
 
 TARGET  
TARGET 
REDEMPTION, EARLY REDEMPTION (§ 5)  
RÜCKZAHLUNG, VORZEITIGE RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date 
Endfälligkeitstag 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Early Redemption by the Issuer 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
specified Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu 
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
 
 all or some only 
insgesamt oder teilweise 
 
 all but not some only 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise 
 
 
Specified Call Redemption Date(s) 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[   ](36)
[   ](36)
 
 
[First Call Redemption Date(37) 
Erster Wahlrückzahlungstag (Call)(37) 
[   ]
[   ]]
 
 
Specifed Call Redemption Amount(s) 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
(Call) 
 [   ]
[   ]
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount(38) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag(38) 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
 
[ 
Present Value 
  
Abgezinster Marktwert 
Benchmark Yield plus [   ]%
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [   ]%
                                                     
 
35  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
36  In case of a period insert “on all Business Days in the period starting from [ ] and ending on [ ]”. 
Im Fall eines Zeitraums „an allen Geschäftstagen im Zeitraum von [ ] bis [ ]“ einfügen. 
37  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
38  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 134 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Yield 
  
Benchmark Rendite 
[insert relevant time]
[relevante Uhrzeit einfügen]
 
 
Benchmark Security 
[insert [euro denominated 
benchmark] debt security of the 
Federal Republic of Germany 
specifying the ISIN] [other relevant 
benchmark]
 
 
Benchmark Wertpapier 
[[in Euro denominierte Benchmark] 
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland unter Angabe der ISIN 
[andere relevante Benchmark] 
einfügen]
 
 
Redemption Calculation Date 
  
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
[   ] Business Day
[   ] Geschäftstag
 
 
Screen Page 
  
Bildschirmseite 
[insert pricing source]
[Preisfestsetzungsquelle einfügen]
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
minimal outstanding principal amount 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
wegen geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[   ]
[   ]
 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put)  
[   ]
[   ]
 
Early Redemption for reasons of a Change of Control 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND 
THE 
CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
(§ 
6)
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Trust & Agency Services
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Trust & Agency Services
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Bundesrepublik Deutschland]
 
Calculation Agent  
Berechnungsstelle 
[Not applicable] [   ]
 [Nicht anwendbar] [   ]

--- Page 135 ---
134 
 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht 
in den Bedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Bedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative: 
 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters:  
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
NOTICES (§ 13)  
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 13) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
Notification to Clearing System  
Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (§ 15)(39)  
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN (§ 15)(39) 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
German only 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
                                                     
 
39  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal 
requirements applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form 
publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the 
event of such offer to the public or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available at the principal office 
of MAHLE GmbH. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder 
anderer 
Bestimmungen 
und 
soweit 
nicht 
anders 
vereinbart, 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
für 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige 
Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der MAHLE GmbH erhältlich sein.

--- Page 136 ---
135 
 
 
Part II: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(40)  
Teil II: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN(40) 
A. 
Essential information  
 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer   
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
Interests other than those described in the Prospectus under “Interests of 
Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer” (specify) 
Andere Interessen als die im Prospekt unter “Interests of Natural and 
Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer” beschriebenen Interessen 
(angeben) 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details]
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
ECB eligibility 
Verwahrung in EZB-fähiger Form 
 
 
If the note is issued in Classical Global 
Note form and is intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow ECB 
eligibility  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die Urkunde in Form einer 
Classical Global Note begeben wird und 
die Verwahrung in einer Weise 
beabsichtigt ist, welche die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt  
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the international 
central securities depositaries (ICSDs) as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility)](41) 
 
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicherheitsverwahr-
stelle (common safekeeper) einzureichen. Das 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und 
für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit 
durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung 
der Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab 
(EZB-Fähigkeit).](41) 
                                                     
 
40  There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will 
not be listed on any regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation 
with the Issuer. 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung 
vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
41  Include this text if the Classical Global Note is deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls die Classical Global Note direkt bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
eingeliefert wird.

--- Page 137 ---
136 
 
 
 
If the note is issued in New Global Note 
(NGN) form and is intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow ECB 
eligibility 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sofern die Urkunde in Form einer New 
Global Note (neuen Globalurkunde – 
NGN) begeben wird und die 
Verwahrung in einer Weise beabsichtigt 
ist, welche die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt  
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the international 
central securities depositaries (ICSDs) as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility)](42) 
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheits-
verwahrstelle 
(common 
safekeeper) 
einzureichen. 
Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und 
für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit 
durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung 
der Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab 
(EZB-Fähigkeit).](42) 
 
If the note is issued in New Global Note 
(NGN) form and is not intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sofern die Urkunde in Form einer New 
Global Note (neuen Globalurkunde – 
NGN) begeben wird und keine 
Verwahrung in einer Weise beabsichtigt 
ist, welche die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirken 
würde 
[Note that whilst this item is applicable at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Obschon dieser Punkt zum Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen Anwendung findet, 
ist zu beachten, dass die Eignungskriterien des 
Eurosystems in Zukunft in einer Weise geändert 
werden 
könnten, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen diese Kriterien erfüllen. 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
einer 
der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsver-
wahrstelle (common safekeeper) eingereicht 
werden. Ferner ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem solchen Fall 
                                                     
 
42  Include this text if this item is applicable in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form. 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls dieser Punkt anwendbar ist. In diesem Fall müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form emittiert werden.

--- Page 138 ---
137 
 
 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems und für Zwecke der untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit 
durch 
das 
Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, ob die EZB die Kriterien der 
Eignung des Eurosystems als erfüllt ansieht.]  
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds(43) 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge(43) 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue/offer(44)  
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Emission/das Angebot(44) 
[   ]
[   ]] 
Estimated net proceeds(45) 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge(45) 
[   ]
[   ] 
[Estimated total expenses related to the admission to trading(46) 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten die durch die Zulassung zum Handel 
verursacht werden(46) 
[   ]
[   ]] 
 
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
  
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
Common Code 
[   ]
[   ] 
ISIN Code 
ISIN Code 
[   ]
[   ] 
German Securities Code 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[   ]
[   ] 
 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[   ]
[   ] 
 
                                                     
 
43  See section “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing 
purposes of the MAHLE Group include those reasons here. Not to be completed in case of Notes with a 
Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Siehe Abschnitt “Use of Proceeds” im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen 
Finanzierungszwecken der MAHLE Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. Nicht auszufüllen bei 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
44  To be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
45  If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln 
und nach der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
46  To be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 139 ---
138 
 
 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(47)  
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität(47) 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the further 
performance as well as their volatility can be obtained from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01] [   ] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
Reuters [EURIBOR01] [   ] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events that effect the EURIBOR rates 
[Not applicable][Please see 
§ 3 of the Terms and 
Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des 
Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR 
Sätze beeinflussen  
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield(48) 
Rendite(48) 
[   ]
[   ] 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organisation representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of 
where the public may have access to the contracts relation to 
these forms of representation(49) 
[Not applicable] 
 [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese 
Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an 
dem die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese 
Repräsentationsformen regeln, einsehen kann(49) 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which 
the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche 
die Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen 
bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer(50) 
 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots(50) 
[Not applicable]
[Nicht anwendbar]
C.1 
Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and 
actions required to apply for the offer  
 
 Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan 
und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Luxembourg][,][and] 
[Austria][,][and] 
[Germany][,][and] 
[The Netherlands][,][and] 
                                                     
 
47  Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
Nur 
bei 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar. 
Nicht 
anwendbar 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
48  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
49  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
50  Complete with respect to an offer to the public of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 140 ---
139 
 
 
[specify relevant Member 
State(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any 
supplements have been 
passported]
Öffentliche Angebotsstaaten 
[Luxemburg][,][und]
[Österreich][,][und]
[Deutschland][,][und] 
[die Niederlande][,][und] 
[relevante(n) Mitglieds-
staat(en) spezifizieren – 
wobei es sich dabei um 
Mitgliedsstaaten handeln 
muss, in denen der Prospekt 
gebilligt und/oder in welche 
der Prospekt notifiziert 
wurde]
Conditions to which the offer is subject
[Specify details]
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing to the public the definitive 
amount of the offer 
[Specify details]
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht feststeht, 
Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des Zeitpunkts für die 
Ankündigung des endgültigen Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and description of the application process
[Specify details]
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das 
Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für die 
Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants
 
[Specify details]
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an 
die Zeichner 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest)
[Specify details]
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des 
aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the 
notes 
 
[Specify details]
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre 
Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public
[Specify details]
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des 
Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of not 
exercised subscription rights  
 
[Specify details]
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]

--- Page 141 ---
140 
 
 
C.2 
Plan of distribution and allotment(51)  
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren 
Zuteilung(51) 
The various categories of potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered 
[Specify details]
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen Investoren, 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or 
more countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details]
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei oder mehrerer 
Ländern und wurde/wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser 
Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details]
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und 
Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
 
Offer to the public in Luxembourg 
Öffentliches Angebot in Luxemburg 
 
 
Requires a notice before the commencement of the offer to be 
published on the website “www.bourse.lu” of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
Bedarf einer Mitteilung vor Beginn des Angebots auf der 
Internetseite “www.bourse.lu” der Luxemburger Börse 
 
C.3 
Pricing(52) 
 
Kursfeststellung(52) 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify amount]
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich angeboten 
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Betrag einfügen]
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser
[Not applicable] 
[Specify amount]
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt 
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Betrag einfügen]
                                                     
 
51  Complete with respect to an offer to the public of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
52  Complete with respect to an offer to the public of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 142 ---
141 
 
 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(53)   
 
Platzierung und Emission(53) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors(54) 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR(54) 
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar]
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors(55) 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB(55) 
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar]
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin 
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots
[   ]
[   ]
Method of distribution  
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Syndicated  
Syndiziert 
[   ]
[   ]
Subscription Agreement  
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
[   ]
[   ]
General features of the Subscription Agreement 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
                                                     
 
53  Complete with respect to an offer to the public of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
54 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified. 
 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" 
ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID im EWR 
vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
55 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Applicable" should 
be specified. 
 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" 
ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID im 
Vereinigten Königreich vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.

--- Page 143 ---
142 
 
 
Management Details including form of commitment(56) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich 
der Art der Übernahme(56) 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[   ]
[   ]
 
Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
[   ]
[   ]
 
No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
[   ]
[   ] 
Consent to use of Prospectus 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Prospekts 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus by the following 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar(y)(ies) (individual consent): 
[insert name[s] and 
address[es]] 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Prospekts durch den/die 
folgenden Platzeur(e) und/oder Finanzintermediär(e) (individuelle 
Zustimmung) zu:  
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
einfügen] 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of 
Securities by the Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar(y)(ies) is 
given in relation to: 
[Luxembourg][,][and] 
[Austria][,][and] 
[Germany][,][and] 
[The Netherlands][,][and] 
[insert Member State into 
which the Prospectus has 
been passported based on a 
supplement to this 
Prospectus] to [insert 
name[s] and address[es] 
[and [give details]] 
Individuelle Zustimmung zu der späteren Weiterveräußerung und der 
endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch [den][die] Platzeur(e) 
und/oder Finanzintermediär[e] wird gewährt in Bezug auf: 
[Luxemburg][,][und]
[Österreich][,][und]
[Deutschland][,][und] 
[die Niederlande][,][und] 
[Mitgliedsstaat einfügen, in 
den der Prospekt auf Basis 
eines Nachtrags notifiziert 
wurde]
für [Name[n] und 
Adresse[n] einfügen] [und 
[Details angeben]] 
Any other clear and objective conditions, attached to the consent 
which are relevant for the use of the Prospectus: 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details] 
Alle sonstigen klaren und objektiven Bedingungen, an die die 
Zustimmung gebunden ist und die für die Verwendung des 
Prospekts relevant sind: 
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by Dealers 
and/or financial intermediaries can be made: 
[as long as this Prospectus 
is valid in accordance with 
Article 12 (1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation]
[insert period] 
                                                     
 
56  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 144 ---
143 
 
 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der 
Wertpapiere durch Platzeure und/oder Finanzintermediäre kann 
erfolgen während: 
[der Dauer der Gültigkeit 
gemäß Artikel 12 Abs. 1 der 
Prospektverordnung]
[Zeitraum einfügen] 
Commissions(57)  
Provisionen(57) 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[   ]
[   ]
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[   ]
[   ]
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[None] [insert name and 
address]
[Keiner] [Namen und 
Adresse einfügen]
D. 
Admission to trading  
 
Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein]
 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Euro MTF der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Date of admission to trading 
Datum der Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[   ]
[   ]
All regulated markets or third-country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading(58) 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der 
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel 
zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind(58) 
[   ]
[   ]
E. 
Issue Price 
Emissionspreis 
[   ] per cent.
[   ] %
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details]
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage 
als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels 
Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
                                                     
 
57  To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
58 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 145 ---
144 
 
 
F. 
Rating of the Notes(59) 
 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen(59) 
 
The Notes have been rated as follows: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet: 
[   ]
[   ]
 
The Notes have not been rated. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
G. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der 
für die Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of 
the Notes by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be 
made 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details]
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung oder 
endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder 
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
H. 
[Third Party Information  
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be 
sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such 
information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from 
such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
The following sources were used: 
[   ]
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin 
bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben 
worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus 
den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen 
ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen 
die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend 
gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht 
selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre 
Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet: 
[   ]]
 
MAHLE GmbH 
(as Issuer)  
(als Emittentin) 
 
 
By:__________________________ 
 
By:__________________________ 
                                                     
 
59  Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider. 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.

--- Page 146 ---
145 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may agree to 
amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed by 
taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be 
binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part 
in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favor of or against such resolution. 
The provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes substantially set out 
the rules regarding resolutions of Holders. Under the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – “SchVG”), these rules are largely mandatory, although they permit in 
limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or incorporated into the Terms and 
Conditions. 
The following is a brief overview of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of 
resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be 
(i) a notary appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the “Holders’ 
Representative”) has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the 
Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
Such notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder’s entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it 
is established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a 
meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating 
in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy 
the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of 
such proceedings. 
Rules regarding Holders’ Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders’ meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders’ Representative, if any. Meetings 
of Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding 
Notes so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and 
exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The 
place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer’s registered office, provided, 
however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the European Union or 
the EEA, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting 
out the proposals for resolution.

--- Page 147 ---
146 
 
 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders’ representing by value not less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be 
called at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a 
qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be 
implemented by supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders’ Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders’ rights under the Notes. Any 
resolutions passed by the Holders are subject to the provisions of the Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an 
action to set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month 
following the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 148 ---
147 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by MAHLE will be used for general corporate purposes and 
refinancing of existing debt.  
If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
148 
 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer’s country 
of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
149 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
April 29, 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) as a basis upon which the Dealers or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
United States of America (the “United States”) 
(a) Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or 
sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with 
Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer further has 
represented and agreed that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf 
have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) Each Dealer (i) acknowledges that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any 
Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and closing date, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further represented and agreed that neither it, 
its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also agreed that, at or prior to 
confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
“The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(c) Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its 
affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as D Rules, as 
applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 151 ---
150 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii) it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware 
that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted 
by the D Rules; 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes 
for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; and 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate’s 
behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
European Economic Area 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (“Non-exempt 
Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that

--- Page 152 ---
151 
 
 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or, 
(iv) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a “qualified investor” as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and

--- Page 153 ---
152 
 
 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy  
Without prejudice to the section “European Economic Area” above, any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Notes or any distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy must be: 
a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree of 24 February 1998, No. 58, as 
amended (the “Financial Act”), Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Italian Banking Act”), CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended 
(“Regulation No. 20307”) and any other applicable laws or regulations; and 
b) 
in compliance with any securities, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and 
regulations, including any limitation or requirement which may be imposed from time to time, inter 
alia, by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority, including without limitation 
Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that this Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, 
nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or

--- Page 154 ---
153 
 
 
purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor 
under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited 
investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275 
of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 155 ---
154 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of MAHLE 
GmbH and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for MAHLE GmbH and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer's consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
Authorization 
The board of executive directors (Geschäftsführer) of MAHLE has authorized the establishment and 
the continuous maintenance of the Programme by a resolution on February 11, 2014. On March 24, 
2015, the board of executive directors (Geschäftsführer) further authorized the increase of the 
authorized amount of the Programme from EUR 1,000,000,000 to EUR 2,000,000,000.  
Each issue of Notes under the Programme has to be authorized by resolution of the board of executive 
directors (Geschäftsführer) of MAHLE. 
Offer to the Public 
The Notes may be offered to the public in Luxembourg and/or Austria and/or Germany and/or The 
Netherlands and/or any other jurisdiction into which the Prospectus has been passported based on a 
supplement to this Prospectus. 
In each case of an offer to the public of Notes in Luxembourg, the Issuer will, in due course prior to 
such offer to the public of Notes in Luxembourg, publish a notice regarding the impending offer to the 
public on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and 
under the conditions, if any, and for such offer period during which the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made, as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Prospectus for a certain period of time or as long as the 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation and accepts 
responsibility for the content of the Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement 
of Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus, if any. 
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial 
intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the Final Terms, and, next to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
for the following member states, into which the Prospectus has been passported and which will be 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms: the Republic of Austria and/or the Federal Republic of Germany 
and/or The Netherlands and/or any other jurisdiction into which the Prospectus has been passported 
based on a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if

--- Page 156 ---
155 
 
 
any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required 
to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw 
its consent to the use of this Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
A withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Prospectus.  
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus will be available for viewing in electronic form 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make 
certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or financial intermediary, this Dealer and/or 
financial intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and the offer thereof, at the time such offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries (individual consent), any new information 
with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Prospectus 
or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website of MAHLE Group 
(www.mahle.com). 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus 
to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany (“CBF”), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”). The appropriate German securities 
number (“WKN”) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL 
and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Documents on Display 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in Frankfurt am Main: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
the consolidated financial statements of MAHLE as of and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively (which may also be accessed by 
using the hyperlinks set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 157 ---
156 
 
 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the website of 
MAHLE Group (www.mahle.com) and will remain available for at least ten years from the date of this 
Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms 
will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of 
Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA other than the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of MAHLE Group (www.mahle.com). 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 158 ---
157 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The pages specified below of the following documents which have been published and filed with the 
CSSF shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(1) 
Annual Report 2021 of MAHLE Group (“Annual Report 2021”), containing the English 
language translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial 
statements of MAHLE GmbH as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 and 
the independent auditor’s report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
in respect thereof;  
(2) 
Annual Report 2020 of MAHLE Group (“Annual Report 2020”), containing the English 
language translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial 
statements of MAHLE GmbH as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 and 
the independent auditor’s report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
in respect thereof; and 
(3) 
Base Prospectus of MAHLE GmbH relating to the EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Program dated 29 April 2021 (“Base Prospectus 2021”). 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the table below, are either 
not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
(1) 
Consolidated financial statements of MAHLE GmbH  
as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 
Extracted from: Annual Report 2021 
Consolidated balance sheet 
60-61
Consolidated income statement 
63
Consolidated cash flow statement 
64-65
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
66-67
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
68-77
Consolidated statement of fixed assets 
78-79
List of shareholdings 
80-85
Independent Auditor’s report 1 
86-88
 
(2) 
Consolidated financial statements of MAHLE GmbH  
as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 
Extracted from: Annual Report 2020 
Consolidated balance sheet 
64-65
Consolidated income statement 
67
Consolidated cash flow statement 
68-69
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
70-71
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
72-81
Consolidated statement of fixed assets 
82-83

--- Page 159 ---
158 
 
 
List of shareholdings 
84-89
Independent Auditor’s report 1 
90-92
 
 
(3) 
Program Terms and Conditions of the Notes 2021 
Extracted from: Base Prospectus 2021 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
60-121
1  
The independent auditor’s reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) for the audited consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with Section 322 
of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), refer to the respective consolidated financial statements together with the group management 
report. The group management reports are not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Availability of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus are available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and may be obtained (free of charge) from the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of 
MAHLE Group (https://www.mahle.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks:  
(1) Annual Report 2021: 
https://www.mahle.com/ir/mahle_annualreport_2021.pdf 
(2) Annual Report 2020: 
https://www.mahle.com/ir/mahle_annualreport_2020.pdf 
(3) Base Prospectus 2021: 
https://www.mahle.com/ir/base-prospectus-2021-04-29.pdf

--- Page 160 ---
159 
 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
MAHLE GmbH 
Pragstraße 26-46  
70376 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
Gleiss Lutz Hootz Hirsch PartmbB 
Taunusanlage 11 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP  
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 161 ---
160 
 
 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH, 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Friedrichstraße 14  
70174 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Federal Republic of Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany