--- Page 1 ---
i 
MAREX FINANCIAL  
(Incorporated with unlimited liability in England) 
("Issuer")
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF 
WARRANTS, NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
This Base Prospectus 
This document is a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") prepared for the purposes of Article 8(1) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The validity of the Base 
Prospectus ends upon expiration of 30 September 2023 and the Base Prospectus may be 
supplemented from time to time in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation to 
reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in it. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in it does not apply 
when such Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus should be read together with any 
supplements to it, any documents incorporated by reference within it, and the "Issue Terms" in relation 
to any particular issue of Securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by 
Marex Financial under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of 
the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities ("Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"), by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes no 
responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the Securities to be issued hereunder or 
the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  On the approval of this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation by the 
CSSF, application for the notification of such approval has been made to the competent authority of Italy. 
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed any information in relation to the Exempt Securities and 
in relation to the Form of Pricing Supplement (both as described in the Base Prospectus).  
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer and the Programme 
The Issuer: Marex Financial may from time to time issue Securities under the Programme for the 
Issuance of Warrants, Notes and Certificates (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus upon 
the terms and conditions of the Securities described herein as completed (and in the case of Exempt 
Securities potentially as amended), in the case of each issue of Securities, by Issue Terms (as described 
below). The payment obligations and delivery obligations of the Issuer are not guaranteed by any entity. 
This means that payments of principal and interest (if any) and any delivery obligations are subject to 
the Issuer's financial position and its abilities to meet its obligations. 
The Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme may be in the form of warrants (the "Warrants"), certificates 
(the "Certificates" and together with the Warrants, the "Instruments") or notes (the "Notes" and 
together with the Instruments, the "Securities"). Securities will give the holder certain rights against the 
Issuer, including the right to receive one or more cash amounts or delivery of a specified asset or assets, 
against payment of a specified sum. These rights will be set forth in the terms and conditions (the "Terms 
and Conditions" or the "Conditions") of the Securities, which shall comprise:

--- Page 2 ---
ii 

the "General Instrument Conditions" (in the case of Instruments), commencing on page 71 of 
this Base Prospectus, or the "General Note Conditions" (in the case of Notes), commencing on 
page 132 of this Base Prospectus; 

where the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying Assets (as described below), the 
terms and conditions relating to such Underlying Asset(s) set out in the "Underlying Asset 
Conditions", commencing on page 262 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 

the "coupon" terms (if any) of the Securities set out in the "Coupon Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 188 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 

the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Securities set out in the "Autocall Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 203 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms;  

the "payout" terms of the Securities set out in the "Payout Conditions", commencing on page 
214 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and  

the issue specific details of the particular issue of Securities as set out in a separate "Issue 
Terms" document.  
Final Terms 
A "Final Terms" document shall be prepared in respect of each issue of Securities, save as provided in 
''Pricing Supplement'' below. In addition to specifying the form of the Security (be it a Warrant, 
Certificate or Note), and which of the Coupon Payout Conditions (if any), Autocall Payout Conditions (if 
any), Payout Conditions and Underlying Asset Conditions (if any) apply to the Securities, the Final 
Terms will include other important information in relation to the particular issue of Securities such as, 
for example, payment and maturity dates, amounts, rates and (if applicable) the Underlying Asset(s) on 
which the return on the Securities will be dependent.   
Pricing Supplement 
A separate "Pricing Supplement" document shall be prepared in respect of each issue of Exempt 
Securities, provided that at the discretion of the Issuer a Final Terms may be prepared in respect of an 
issue of Non-EEA Securities. For such purpose, "Exempt Securities" are Securities for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or in respect of which a 
separate prospectus will be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation other than this Base 
Prospectus), and "Non-EEA Securities" are Securities in respect of which none of the Issuer or Dealer(s) 
shall offer or apply for listing within the European Economic Area. In addition to specifying the form of 
the Securities (be it a Warrant, Certificate or Note), and which of the Coupon Payout Conditions (if any), 
Autocall Payout Conditions (if any), Payout Conditions and Underlying Asset Conditions (if any) apply 
to the Securities, the Pricing Supplement will include other important information in relation to the 
particular issue of Securities such as, for example, payment and maturity dates, amounts, rates and (if 
applicable) the Underlying Assets(s) (as described below) on which the return on the Securities will be 
dependent. The Pricing Supplement may replace or modify the "General Terms and Conditions of Notes" 
or the "General Terms and Conditions of Instruments", Coupon Payout Conditions (if any), Autocall 
Payout Conditions (if any), Payout Conditions and Underlying Asset Conditions (if any) to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the same. 
Issue Terms 
An "Issue Terms" means either (i) the relevant Final Terms or (ii) the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
Types of Underlying Assets 
The amount payable or deliverable under some, but not all, of the Securities issued under this Base 
Prospectus may depend on the performance (which can be measured in different ways) of one or more 
underlying reference assets ("Underlying Assets"), including: 

a share (including a depositary receipt and an exchange traded fund); 

an equity index, futures or options on an equities index; 

a commodity; 

a foreign exchange rate; 

an interest rate; 

a fund; 

a futures contract; 

a credit risk of reference entity(ies);  
a basket of the above; Securities will not be linked to shares in the Issuer or by any legal entity belonging 
to the same group. 
Risk Factors 
Before purchasing Securities, investors should carefully consider the information in this Base 
Prospectus, in particular, the section "Risk Factors" commencing on page 11. 
Statements in relation to prospects, financial position or financial performance
In this Base Prospectus, where the Issuer makes statements that "there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects" and "no significant change in the financial position or financial performance" 
of the Issuer references in these statements to the "prospects" and "financial or trading position" of the 
Issuer are specifically to its respective ability to meet its full payment obligations under the Securities in 
a timely manner. Material information about the respective financial condition and prospects of the Issuer 
is included in Marex's annual reports, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 September 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Investing in the Securities may involve exposure to derivatives and may, depending on the terms 
of the particular Securities, put the investor’s capital at risk and the investor may lose some or 
all of its investment. Also, if the Issuer fails or goes bankrupt, the investor will lose some or all 
of its investment. 
The Securities are not bank deposits, and are neither insured nor guaranteed by any 
governmental agency: The Securities are not bank deposits and are not insured or guaranteed by the 
UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme or any other government or governmental or private 
agency or deposit protection scheme in any jurisdiction. 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a Collective Investment Scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The Securities 
are neither subject to the authorisation nor to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA") and investors do not benefit from the specific investor 
protection provided under the CISA. Investors should be aware that they are exposed to the credit risk 
of the Issuer. 
Potential for discretionary determinations by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent under the 
Securities: Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, following the occurrence of certain events 
– relating to the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging arrangements, the Underlying Asset(s), taxation, the relevant 
currency or other matters – outside of the Issuer's control, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may 
determine in its discretion to take one of the actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of 
such event on the Securities or the Issuer or both. These actions may include (i) adjustment to the terms 
and conditions of the Securities, (ii) substitution of the Underlying Asset(s) or (iii) early redemption or 
exercise of the Securities. Any such discretionary determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
could have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. See, in particular, "Risk Factors" - risk factor 
6 (Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of Securities and 
discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent including in relation to hedging 
arrangements) below. 
Important - EEA Retail Investors: Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Securities specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" but where the 
Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the PRIIPs 
Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the 
offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as 
described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply. 
Important - UK Retail Investors: Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Securities specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who

--- Page 5 ---
v 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the 
Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the 
offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United 
Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply. 
Important U.S. Legal Notices: None of the Securities and any securities to be delivered upon exercise 
or settlement of the Securities have been, nor will be, registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any state securities laws; and trading in the Securities has 
not been and will not be approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity 
Exchange Act"). Except as provided below, the Securities may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")).  
Securities relating to commodities and commodities futures (within the meaning of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the CFTC thereunder), or securities issuable upon exercise 
of certain of the Securities may not be offered, sold or resold in or into the United States without an 
applicable exemption under the Commodity Exchange Act. Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such Securities may not be offered, sold or resold in the United States and the Issuer reserves the 
right not to make payment or delivery in respect of such a Security to a person in the United States if 
such payment or delivery would constitute a violation of U.S. law. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC") or any state securities commission in the United States nor has the SEC or any 
state securities commission passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
Post-issuance Reporting: The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information or have 
authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer or the 
Securities other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in any other 
document prepared in connection with the Programme or any Issue Terms or as expressly approved for 
such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the delivery of any Issue 
Terms shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial situation of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented. 
Restrictions and distribution and use of this Base Prospectus and Issue Terms: The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Issue 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Securities and the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, any Issue Terms and other offering material relating to the Securities, see 
"Selling Restrictions" below.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation, and no action has been taken or will be taken to 
permit an offering of the Securities or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
any such action is required. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the 
Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a reference rate, an index or a price 
source. Any such reference rate, index or price source may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference 
rate, index or price source does constitute such a benchmark then (as applicable) (i) the Final Terms will, 
or (ii) the Pricing Supplement may, indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") (the "ESMA Register"). Not every index will 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the relevant register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant 
Issue Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (the administrator 
of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA Register. None of the Federal Reservce Bank of New York (the 
administrator of SOFR) and the European Central Bank (the administrator of €STR) is included in the 
ESMA Register as the EU Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
UK Benchmarks Regulation: Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the 
Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a reference rate, an index or a price 
source. Any such reference rate, index or price source may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate, index or price source does constitute such 
a benchmark then (as applicable) (i) the Final Terms will, or (ii) the Pricing Supplement may, indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (the "UK 
Benchmarks Register"). Not every index will fall within the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
Furthermore, transitional provisions in the UK Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the relevant register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Issue Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European 
Money Markets Institute (the administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA Register. None of 
the Federal Reservce Bank of New York (the administrator of SOFR) and the European Central Bank 
(the administrator of €STR) is included in the UK Benchmarks Register as the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation does not apply to central banks. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator. 
Certain defined terms: In this Base Prospectus, references to:  

"U.S.$", "$", "U.S. dollars", "dollars", "USD" and "cents" are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America; 

"€", "euro" and "EUR" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time); and 

"£" are to Sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
Any other currency referred to in any Issue Terms will have the meaning specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 10 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES .................................................................................... 10 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES ................................................................ 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................. 69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 .............................................................................................................................................................. 71 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ............................................... 71 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................ 132 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS .............................................................................................. 188 
AUTOCALL PAYOUT CONDITIONS ......................................................................................... 203 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ................................................................................................................ 214 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................................................... 258 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS .................................................................................................... 293 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................................................................... 329 
FX LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................... 360 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................................................................................... 376 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................................................... 391 
CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES CONDITIONS ........................................................................ 407 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED CONDITIONS .................................................................... 492 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (INSTRUMENTS) ............................................................................ 503 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NOTES) ............................................................................................ 607 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (INSTRUMENTS) .......................................................... 703 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (NOTES) .......................................................................... 796 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................... 881 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... 883 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................... 885 
MAREX FINANCIAL ..................................................................................................................... 886 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................... 891 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................................................... 907 
OFFERS  AND  SALES  AND  DISTRIBUTION 
ARRANGEMENTS .......................................................................................................................... 927 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................... 928 
CONTINUATION OF PUBLIC OFFER - LIST OF SECURITIES  
 ............................................................................................................................................................ 931  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 ............................................................................................................................................................ 939

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following constitutes a general description of the programme for the purposes of the Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Types of Securities which may be issued under the Programme 
Under the Programme, Marex Financial, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue: 
(i)
Warrants or Certificates or other similar instruments, including Share Linked Instruments, Index 
Linked Instruments, Commodity Linked Instruments, FX Linked Instruments, Fund Linked 
Instruments, Futures Contract Linked Instruments, Credit Linked Instruments, Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Instruments or a combination of any of the foregoing; and 
(ii)
Notes, including Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Instalment Notes, 
Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, FX Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, Futures Contract Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing. 
No benefit of a guarantee 
The payment obligations and delivery obligations of the Issuer are not guaranteed by any entity. This 
means that payments of principal and interest (if any) and any delivery obligations are subject to the 
Issuer's financial position and its abilities to meet its obligations. 
Applicable Clearing Systems 
Securities may be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Monte Titoli.   
Maturity, Minimum Denomination and Restriction on delivery of shares of the same group 
Securities may be issued either without a par value or with a specified denomination, as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. In case of Securities with par value, the Securities are redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount and must have a denomination of at least Euro 1,000 or the equivalent in 
another currency.  
No Securities may be issued which carry the right to acquire shares (or transferable securities equivalent 
to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs and which, in each 
case, (a) are offered to the public or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market of any European 
Economic Area member state.  
Terms and Conditions of the Securities: 
Instruments: the applicable terms of the Instruments will comprise: 

the "General Instrument Conditions", commencing on page 71 of this Base Prospectus; 

where the Instruments are linked to one or more Underlying Assets, the terms and 
Conditions relating to such Underlying Asset(s) set out in the "Underlying Asset Conditions", 
commencing on page 259 of this Base Prospectus which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 

the "coupon" terms (if any) of the Instruments set forth in the "Coupon Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 188 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 

the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Instruments set forth in the "Autocall Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 203 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 

the "payout" terms of the Instruments set forth in the "Payout Conditions" commencing on 
page 214 of this Base Prospectus which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 

the issue specific details relating to such Instruments as set forth in a separate "Issue Terms" 
document. 
Notes: the applicable terms of the Notes will comprise: 

the "General Note Conditions", commencing at page 132 of this Base Prospectus; 

where the Notes are linked to one or more Underlying Assets, the terms and conditions relating 
to such Underlying Asset(s) set out in the "Underlying Asset Conditions", commencing on page 
259 of this Base Prospectus which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  

the "coupon" terms (if any) of the Notes set forth in the "Coupon Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 188 of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 

the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Notes set forth in the "Autocall Payout Conditions", 
commencing on page 203 of this Base Prospectus which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms;   

the "payout" terms of the Notes set forth in the "Payout Conditions" commencing on page 214 
of this Base Prospectus which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 

the issue specific details relating to such Notes as set forth in a separate "Issue Terms" document. 
Status of Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme will constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and with all other direct unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Eurosystem eligibility 
Registered Notes in global form held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) may be issued with the 
intention that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any time or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the 
European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral. Any other Notes are not intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day operations by the Eurosystem.

--- Page 10 ---
Risk Factors 
11 
RISK FACTORS 
RISK WARNING OF POTENTIAL LOSS OF SOME OR ALL OF THE INVESTMENT OF 
THE INVESTOR 
Investors may lose some or all of its investment in the Securities where:  

The Issuer fails or goes bankrupt or is otherwise unable to meet its payment or 
delivery obligations: The payment of any amount due on, or the delivery of any 
asset(s) deliverable under, the Securities is subject to the credit risk of the Issuer. The 
Securities are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Investors are dependent on the 
Issuer´s ability to pay all amounts due on the Securities, and therefore investors are 
subject to the Issuer's credit risk and to changes in the market's view of the Issuer's 
creditworthiness. The Securities are not bank deposits, and are neither insured nor 
guaranteed by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme or any other 
government or governmental or private agency or deposit protection scheme in any 
jurisdiction. The payment of any amount due on the Securities is not guaranteed by 
any entity.

The final redemption amount of the Securities is less than the purchase price, due to 
the performance of the Underlying Asset(s): In the case of Securities linked to 
Underlying Asset(s), where the terms of the Securities do not provide for scheduled 
minimum payment of the face value or issue price of the Securities at maturity, 
whether the investor receives some or all of its money back at maturity (and any 
positive return) will depend on the performance of the Underlying Asset(s). Therefore, 
depending on the performance of the Underlying Asset(s), an investor may lose some 
or all of its investment.

The secondary sale price is less than the original purchase price: The market price of 
the Securities prior to maturity may be significantly lower than the purchase price the 
investor pays for them. Consequently, if an investor sells the Securities before the 
stated scheduled redemption date, the investor may receive far less than the original 
invested amount.

The Securities are redeemed early due to an unexpected event and the amount an 
investor receives is less than the original purchase price: The Securities may be 
redeemed in certain extraordinary circumstances as described in this Base Prospectus 
prior to scheduled maturity and, in such case, the early redemption amount paid to 
the investor may be less than the amount paid for the Securities. In this respect, 
investors should note that the determination of a hedging disruption and/or increased 
cost of hedging in relation to the relevant Underlying Asset(s) may lead to the 
adjustment of the calculation or the early redemption of the Securities (without the 
consent of the investors).
These circumstances are more fully described below. 
A.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES 
Set out below are risk factors which could affect the future financial performance of the Issuer 
and thereby potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of Securities 
issued by it under this Programme. Risk factors relating to the Issuer can be divided into the 
following categories depending on their nature and with the most material risk factor presented 
first in each category: 

Risks related to the creditworthiness 

Risks related to the financial position 

Risks related to the business activities 

Risks related to the macroeconomic environment

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors 
12 

Risks related to legal, regulatory and tax matters 

Risks related to resolution powers 
1.
Risks related to the creditworthiness 
The Issuer may partially or wholly fail to meet its obligations under the Securities. Investors 
should therefore take the creditworthiness of the Issuer of the Securities in their investment 
decision into account. Credit risk means the risk of insolvency or illiquidity of the Issuer, i.e. a 
potential, temporary or final inability to fulfil its interest and repayment obligations on time. An 
increased insolvency risk is typical of issuers that have a low creditworthiness.  
Although the return on the Securities will be based on the performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) (if applicable), the payment of any amount due on, or delivery of any asset(s) 
deliverable under, the Securities is subject to the credit risk of the Issuer. The Securities are 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Investors are dependent on Marex Financial´s ability to pay 
all amounts due on, or deliver any asset(s) deliverable under, the Securities, and therefore 
investors are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and to changes in the market’s view of its 
creditworthiness.  
The Securities are not bank deposits and are not insured or guaranteed by the UK 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme or any other government or governmental or 
private agency or deposit protection scheme in any jurisdiction. Investors are dependent 
on the Issuer´s ability to pay all amounts due on the Securities, and therefore investors are 
subject to the Issuer´s credit risk and to changes in the market's view of the Issuer´s 
creditworthiness. The payment of any amount due on the Securities is not guaranteed by 
any entity.  
2.
Risks related to the financial position
(a)
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity is essential to the Issuer’s businesses. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer either 
does not have sufficient financial resources available to meet its obligations as they fall due or 
can only secure such resources at excessive cost. Liquidity risk is assessed and managed under 
the Individual Liquidity Adequacy Assessment ("ILAA") and liquidity risk framework. The 
Issuer’s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to sell assets or unforeseen outflows of cash 
or collateral. This situation may arise due to circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control.  
This includes general market disruption, operational problems that affect third parties or the 
Issuer or from the perception amongst market participants that the Issuer is experiencing greater 
liquidity risk. 
The Issuer’s ability to sell assets may be further impaired if other market participants are seeking 
to sell similar assets at the same time as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis. 
Given the Issuer’s significant position on several exchanges and its market-maker role, there is 
an expectation that the Issuer will continue to make a market in stress conditions. 
To mitigate liquidity risk, the Issuer has implemented robust cash management policies and 
procedures that monitor liquidity daily to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient resources to meet 
its margin requirements at clearing houses and third party brokers. There are strict guidelines in 
relation to the products and product duration into which excess liquidity can be invested. 
Excess liquidity is invested in highly liquid instruments, such as cash deposits with financial 
institutions for a period of less than three months and US Treasuries with a maturity of up to 
two years. 
The financial liabilities are based upon rates set daily (apart from the Issuer’s financing of 
warrants and the credit facility, where the rates are set for the term of the loan and/or repurchase

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
transaction). For assets not marked-to-market, there are no material differences between their 
carrying and fair value. 
The Issuer has a varied client base that can hold both long and short positions in the same 
product. As a significant market maker, the Issuer’s exchange exposure has, at any given point 
in time, some element of liquidity offset or aggregation benefit. 
(b)
Default risk 
Default risk is the risk that third parties who owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets fail 
to perform on their contractual obligations. This situation may arise due to their lack of liquidity, 
bankruptcy, operational failure as well as for other reasons. In addition, failure or concerns 
regarding a default by an institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or 
subsequent defaults of other institutions. 
This could adversely affect the Issuer, given the commercial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of clearing, credit, trading or other relationships 
between institutions. 
The Issuer is exposed to default risk arising from several sources, including: 

the temporary credit exposure that arises from the timing of margin payments, where the 
Issuer delivers margin to a clearing house before receiving the matching payment either 
from a non-credit client or from a credit client from whom margin has been called since 
the credit limit has been exceeded; 

the extension of credit to clients in relation to initial and variation margin payments; 

settlement risk arising from the release of currency or warrants prior to settlement by the 
counterparty and payments are not exchanged simultaneously – given that most 
settlement is on a delivery versus payment basis, this is mainly confined to a small 
number of trades in London Metal Exchange ("LME") warrants with the most 
creditworthy counterparties; and 

exposure to non-client counterparties, including exchanges, clearing houses or deposit-
taking institutions holding assets of the Issuer, including, default fund contributions and 
cash deposits. 
(c)
Market risk 
Market risk is defined as the risk of loss that arises from fluctuations in the values of the Issuer’s 
traded positions due to adverse changes in market prices, volatilities, interest rates and foreign 
exchange. Market risk also includes market price volatility, price pressure and market prices. 
The level of volatility in the markets in which the Issuer operates, and in particular, the 
commodity market, is a key driver for the Issuer´s business. High volatility does not 
automatically result in enhanced performance for the Issuer´s business, as a high degree of skill 
and expertise is required in order to ensure that this volatility is converted into positive revenue 
for the Issuer; however it does provide a favourable environment for this to happen. At the same 
time, low volatility in commodity prices and reductions in economic activity levels, have an 
adverse effect on the business of Marex Group plc, and its consolidated subsidiaries, (together, 
the "Group"), including the Issuer. A decline in commodity prices typically results in a flow of 
capital out of the Group’s markets, thereby reducing transaction numbers and volumes. This 
potentially reflects a risk to the Group’s and the Issuer`srevenue and income. 
It also includes the risks that arise from open foreign exchange and interest rate positions on the 
statement of financial position; for example, via the Issuer's cash and investment balances and 
bank borrowings. 
The Issuer incurs market risk primarily as a result of taking positions in the course of its market-
making business. The Issuer generally aims to match buyers and sellers in the markets where it

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
operates: The Issuer has a relatively low appetite for intraday position risk, but in businesses 
such as metals and agricultural commodities it is necessary to augment market liquidity with 
firm liquidity. 
Market risk can also arise in relation to client-driven trading where timing issues or market 
opening hours result in the business carrying a position for a short period of time, typically 
overnight. Spread, outright and option risks result from cash and derivative exposures in 
commodities, foreign exchange and financial products. Risks are generally limited to highly 
liquid exchange-traded and foreign exchange contracts. 
(d)
Interest rate risk 
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk on cash, investments, derivatives, client balances and 
bank borrowings. The main interest rate risk is derived from interest-bearing deposits in which 
the Issuer invests surplus funds and bank borrowings. 
The Issuer’s exposure to interest rate fluctuations is limited through the offset that exists 
between the bulk of its interest bearing assets and interest bearing liabilities.  
Since the return paid on client liabilities is generally reset to prevailing market interest rates on 
an overnight basis, the Issuer is only exposed for the time it takes to reset its investments which 
are held at rates fixed for a maturity which does not exceed three months, with the exception of 
US Treasuries which have a maturity of up to two years. 
(e)
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have material adverse effects on the 
Issuer's results of operations 
Foreign currency risks for the Issuer result from exchange rate changes of financial and 
operational booked exposure (including receivables and payables) as well as from planned 
operational exposure. The exposures include raw materials and/or the sales of products priced 
in other currencies than the functional currency of the Issuer. 
Unfavourable exchange rates may lead to higher costs than expected and may reduce margins. 
The Issuer's reporting currency is U.S. dollar. However, the Issuer conducts its business in a 
large number of countries across the globe and in several international currencies. In terms of 
the Issuer's results of operations, the Euro and the British Pound are the most important foreign 
currencies. Any change in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar affects 
the Issuer's reported results of operations and assets and liabilities when the results of those 
subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollar for reporting purposes. The exposure to exchange rate 
volatility could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
3.
Risks related to the business activities 
3.1
The inability of counterparties to meet their financial obligations could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations  
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under 
their obligations. These parties include the issuers and guarantors (including sovereigns) of 
securities the Issuer holds, borrowers under loans originated, reinsurers, customers, trading 
counterparties, securities lending and repurchase counterparties, counterparties under swaps, 
credit default and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and 
other financial intermediaries. Defaults by one or more of these parties on their obligations to 
the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, 
continuing low oil or other commodity prices, operational failure, or other factors, or even 
rumours about potential defaults by one or more of these parties or regarding a severe distress 
of the financial services industry generally, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Given the high level of interdependence 
between financial institutions, the Issuer is and will continue to be subject to the risk of 
deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of sovereigns 
and other financial services institutions. 
The Issuer executes transactions which may result in the Issuer having significant credit 
exposure to one or more counterparties or customers. As a result, the Issuer may face 
concentration risk with respect to liabilities or amounts it expects to collect from specific 
counterparties and customers. Concentration risk can arise from credit concentration to a 
specific country, or to specific counterparty, revenue concentration, exposure concentration to 
a specific product or concentrations from specific suppliers. The Issuer is exposed to increased 
counterparty risk as a result of recent financial institution failures and weakness and will 
continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparty financial institutions fail or are 
otherwise unable to meet their obligations. A default by, or even concerns about the 
creditworthiness of, one or more of these counterparties or customers or other financial services 
institutions could therefore have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations or 
liquidity. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be 
enforceable in all circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit 
quality of third parties whose securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses 
and/or adversely affect its ability to use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. A 
significant downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer’s counterparties could also have a 
negative impact on its income and risk weighting, leading to increased capital requirements. 
While in many cases the Issuer is permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties 
that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral it is entitled 
to receive and the value of pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on 
collateral may subject the Issuer to claims from counterparties. 
Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral may 
also tend to increase in times of market stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or 
losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
3.2
The Issuer may be unable to successfully execute its strategy for diversifying its business 
and achieving long-term growth 
The Issuer is executing a number of strategic initiatives designed to diversify its business and 
achieve long-term growth. The anticipated benefits from these strategic initiatives are based on 
several assumptions and projections that may prove to be inaccurate. 
The Issuer may not be able to successfully implement these strategies and realize any of the 
expected benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, it aims to achieve or it may be 
more costly to do so than the Issuer currently anticipates. A variety of risks could cause the 
Issuer not to realize some or all of the targeted benefits. These risks include, among others, 
delays in the anticipated timing of key implementing measures or difficulties in implementing 
its asset optimisation and general cost saving measures for any reason including conditions 
imposed by regulatory authorities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to successfully execute its 
strategy and achieve profitable growth. If, for any reason, the benefits the Issuer realizes are less 
than expected or the implementation of its strategy adversely affects its operations or costs more 
or takes longer than the Issuer expects, or if assumptions and projections prove inaccurate, the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially 
adversely affected.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
3.3
The Issuer may not be able to recruit or retain qualified employees, senior executives and 
other key members of management in the future, which could disrupt the Issuer's 
business.  
Skilled and engaged employees, experts of the financial industry and information technology, 
senior executives and other key members of management, are essential to the Issuer's success. 
There is strong competition among companies for highly qualified personnel, particularly in 
countries with high levels of employment. If the Issuer is unable to create its own employer 
brand and/or recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, senior executives 
and other members of management, the Issuer's development could suffer significant adverse 
consequences. 
3.4
The Issuer's failure to protect its intellectual property and other proprietary information 
may materially adversely affect its business. 
The Issuer's success depends to a significant degree upon its ability to protect, preserve and 
enforce its intellectual property and other proprietary information. However, the Issuer may be 
unable to prevent third parties from using its intellectual property and other proprietary 
information without its authorisation or independently developing intellectual property that is 
similar to or competes with the Issuer's, particularly in those countries where the laws do not 
protect proprietary rights to the same degree as in the United Kingdom, the European Union or 
the United States. Any inability by the Issuer to effectively prevent the unauthorized use of its 
intellectual property and other proprietary information by others could reduce or eliminate any 
competitive advantage it has developed, cause it to lose sales or otherwise harm its business. If 
it becomes necessary for the Issuer to initiate litigation to protect its proprietary rights, any 
proceedings could be burdensome and costly, and the Issuer may not prevail. 
The failure of the Issuer to protect its processes, product know how, apparatuses, technology, 
trade secrets or proprietary know how or the failure of adequate legal remedies for related 
actions could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
3.5
The Issuer may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties 
and could be required to pay substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or selling 
the infringing products or technology 
The Issuer continually seeks to improve its business processes and develop new production 
technologies and new products and applications. Many of its competitors have a substantial 
amount of intellectual property that the Issuer must continually strive to avoid infringing. 
Although it is the Issuer's policy and intention not to infringe valid patents of which it is aware, 
the Issuer cannot provide assurances that its processes and products and other activities do not 
and will not infringe issued patents (whether present or future) or other intellectual property 
rights belonging to others. 
The Issuer may have to obtain third party licenses to gain access to technology, which could 
entail considerable costs. The Issuer may be unable to acquire licenses that it will need for its 
future business with the appropriate scope, under acceptable conditions or at all. 
In addition, licenses the Issuer currently holds may not continue to be effective, and the Issuer 
may be prevented from making or marketing products. 
Intellectual property litigation often is expensive and time consuming, regardless of the merits 
of any claim, and the Issuer's involvement in such litigation could divert its management's 
attention from operating its business. Moreover, if the Issuer is sued for infringement and loses, 
the Issuer could be required to pay substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or selling 
the infringing technology. Failure to avoid infringement of the intellectual property held by third

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
parties or disputes related to intellectual property could materially adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
3.6
Potential conflicts of interest  
Any agent or a member of its group, or any other person connected with it may, when it performs 
the obligations in connection with any of the Securities, have an interest, relationship or 
arrangement that is material to, or may conflict with, such obligations. Holders should 
understand that neither any agent nor a member of its group shall be required to disclose such 
interests, relationships or arrangements to the Holders, or to account for or disclose any profit, 
charge, commission or other remuneration arising in respect of such interests, relationships or 
arrangements, unless required by law. It should be noted that any calculations and valuations 
under any Securities are not verified by an independent audit company. Any agent or a member 
of its group, or some other person connected with it may receive non-public information with 
respect to the Securities, which is or may be of significance in relation to the Securities. Neither 
any agent, nor a member of its group, nor any other person connected with it, intends to make 
such information available to the Holders, unless required by law. 
3.7
The Issuer relies on the proper functioning of its computer and data processing systems 
and a larger scale malfunction could result in material disruptions to its business  
Information security, data confidentiality, integrity and availability of information are of critical 
importance to the Issuer's businesses.  
The Issuer relies primarily on globally and locally functioning information technology systems 
across its operations, including for management and financial information and various other 
processes and transactions. 
Information technology system failures, network disruptions or breaches of security could 
materially disrupt its operations, cause material delays or cancellations of customer orders, 
processing of transactions or reporting of financial results. An attack on or other problems with 
the Issuer's systems could also result in the disclosure of proprietary information about its 
business or confidential information concerning its customers or employees, which could result 
in significant damage to its business and its reputation. 
Technology risk is inherent not only in the Issuer’s information technology assets, but also in 
the people and processes that interact with them. Cyber risk, which is part of technology risk, is 
the risk that the Issuer’s systems will not operate properly or will be compromised as a result of 
cyber-attacks, security breaches, unauthorized access, loss, destruction or alteration of data, 
unavailability of service, computer viruses or other events that could have an adverse security 
impact. As a result, the Issuer could be subject to litigation, suffer financial loss not covered by 
insurance, experience disruption of businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention or 
reputational damage. 
The Issuer has put in place security measures designed to protect against the misappropriation 
or corruption of its systems, intentional or unintentional disclosure of confidential information, 
or disruption of its operations. However, these security measures may prove ineffective or 
insufficient. Any breach of the Issuer's security measures could result in unauthorized access to 
and misappropriation of its information, corruption of data or disruption of operations or 
transactions, any of which could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer could be required to expend significant amounts to respond to unanticipated 
information technology issues. The Issuer may not have been able and may not be able to 
effectively implement measures that will protect against all of the significant risks to its 
information technology systems. Failure to implement these measures that could protect against

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
all significant risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
4.
Risks related to the macroeconomic environment
4.1
The COVID-19 pandemic ("Corona Pandemic") could materially adversely affect the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.
The Corona Pandemic created economic and financial disruptions that have in the past adversely 
affected, and may in the future adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, 
liquidity and results of operations. The extent to which the Corona Pandemic will negatively 
affect the Issuer’s businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations will depend 
on future developments, including the emergence of new variants of Corona Pandemic and the 
effectiveness of vaccines and treatments over the long term and against new variants, which are 
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
While financial markets have rebounded from the significant declines that occurred early in the 
pandemic and global economic conditions generally improved in 2021, certain of the 
circumstances that arose or became more pronounced after the onset of the Corona Pandemic 
persisted in 2021, including (i) relatively weak consumer confidence (ii) low levels of certain 
overnight interest rates and yields on certain government securities which, at times, were near 
zero; (iii) ongoing heightened credit risk with regard to industries that have been most severely 
impacted by the pandemic, including, at times, oil and gas, gaming and lodging, and airlines; 
(iv) significant interest at times by investors in liquidity products, which generate lower fees, 
relative to risk assets; (v) higher cybersecurity, information security and operational risks; and 
(vi) interruptions in the supply chain that have adversely affected many businesses and have 
contributed to higher rates of inflation. 
Depending on the duration and severity of the pandemic going forward, as well as the effects of 
the pandemic on consumer and corporate confidence, the conditions noted above could continue 
for an extended period and other adverse developments may occur or reoccur, including (i) a 
repeat, or worse, of the decline in the valuation of equity, fixed-income and commodity markets 
that occurred at the outset of the pandemic; (ii) market dislocations that may make hedging 
strategies less effective or ineffective; (iii) disruption in the new issuance markets for debt and 
equity, leading to a decline in underwriting volumes; (iv) a deterioration in the liquidity profile 
of corporate borrowers, resulting in additional draws on credit lines; (v) defaults by consumers 
or corporate clients on loans; (vi) changes in consumer spending or borrowing patterns; and (vii) 
greater challenges in valuing derivative positions and associated collateral, leading to significant 
increases in collateral calls and valuation disputes. 
The effects of the Corona Pandemic on economic and market conditions have in the past and 
may in the future also increase demands on the Issuer’s liquidity as it meets client needs. 
Likewise, these adverse developments have in the past and may in the future affect the Issuer’s 
capital and leverage ratios. 
Governmental authorities worldwide have taken increased measures to stabilise the markets and 
support economic growth. The continued success of these measures is unknown and they may 
not be sufficient to address future market dislocations or avert severe and prolonged reductions 
in economic activity. 
4.2
Conflicts, military action, terrorist attacks, and general instability throughout the world 
could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business.  
Conflicts, military action and terrorist attacks have precipitated economic instability and turmoil 
in the economies of some countries in which the Issuer operates or on which the industry is 
particularly dependent such as energy producing nations. Instability and turmoil, particularly in, 
or affecting, such countries may have an adverse effect on the products the Issuer is dealing in. 
The uncertainty and economic disruption resulting from hostilities, military action and acts of 
terrorism may impact any or all of the Issuer's operations or those of its customers. Accordingly, 
any conflict, military action or terrorist attack could severely impact the supply of the Issuer's

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
sales could lead to a loss of markets and could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
4.3
Political, social and macroeconomic risks relating to the United Kingdom's exit from the 
EU 
On 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the EU and the transition period ended 
on 31 December 2020. There are a number of uncertainties in connection with the future of the 
UK and its relationship with the EU.  It is not possible to determine the full impact that the UK's 
departure from the EU and/or any related matters may have on the UK economy or financial 
markets that may affect the business and financing of the Issuer or the regulatory framework 
applicable to it, much of which has been influenced and led by regulatory developments at the 
EU level. Relevant EU legislation has now been given a domestic legislative footing to preserve 
continuity in the immediate future by way of a trade and cooperation agreement (the "TCA") 
that entered into force on 1 January 2021 but future regulatory alignment between the UK and 
the EU is uncertain. It is in particular not yet certain how the TCA will operate in practice and 
there remains a degree of on-going political, economic and legal uncertainty as regards the 
structure of the future relationship between the UK and the EU. The TCA does not include 
arrangements for the continuation of mutual access rights to market infrastructure and 
recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes. Such uncertainty could 
adverserly impact Holders. 
4.4
Risks in relation to the Russia-Ukraine war 
On February 24, 2022, Russia commenced a large-scale military action against Ukraine. The 
Russia-Ukraine war, in particular, has already led and may continue to lead to a rise in energy 
prices and presents a key downside risk for corporates and households in Europe and may further 
exacerbate supply chain risks of clients with higher sensitivities to rising energy costs. Russia’s 
military action in the Ukraine has also elevated concerns for cyber security incidents and the 
resilience of critical business function. Taken together, the conflict and its ancillary effects could 
lead to a substantial slowdown in the global economy and diminish the Issuer’s ability to 
generate revenues and the profitability on specific portfolios. In response to the continuous 
attacks by Russian military forces in the Ukraine, the European Union and their partners have 
imposed massive sanctions against Russia. Such sanctions may restrict or prevent the Issuer as 
well as its affiliates not only from entering into new transactions with affected entities or in 
relation to affected underlying assets but also affect the settlement of existing transactions and 
hedging arrangements of the Issuer. Depending on how this crisis develops further and its impact 
on financial markets and the economy generally it may also negatively impact the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
4.5
Risks in relation with the climate change and transition to a lower carbon economy  
Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of the 
Issuer's primary locations, which may negatively affect its ability to service and interact with its 
clients. Climate change and the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy may also have a 
negative impact on the operations or financial condition of the Issuer's clients and 
counterparties, which may decrease revenues from those clients and counterparties and increase 
the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients and 
counterparties. In addition, climate change may impact the broader economy. 
The Issuer is also exposed to risks resulting from changes in public policy, laws and regulations, 
or market and public perceptions and preferences in connection with the transition to a less 
carbon-dependent economy. These changes could adversely affect the Issuer's business, results 
of operations and reputation. 
New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of regulators, 
employees or other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what 
terms and conditions the Issuer can engage in certain activities or offer certain products. The

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
Issuer also may become subject to new or heightened regulatory requirements relating to climate 
change, such as requirements relating to operational resiliency or stress testing for various 
climate stress scenarios. Any such new or heightened requirements could result in increased 
regulatory, compliance or other costs or higher capital requirements. 
5.
Risks related to legal and regulatory matters
5.1
Legal and compliance 
As a participant in the financial services industry and a subsidiary of Marex Group plc, which 
is a global financial services platform, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation, principally 
in the UK and the EU more generally. The laws and regulations that apply to the Issuer’s 
businesses are often complex and, in many cases, the Issuer must make interpretive decisions 
regarding the application of those laws and regulations to its business activities. Changes in 
interpretations, whether in response to regulatory guidance, industry conventions, the Issuer’s 
own reassessments or otherwise, could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations or 
ability to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, such as capital or liquidity requirements. 
Compliance with laws and regulations causes compliance and regulatory risk´s arising from the 
failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations, or codes specific to the financial services 
industry. Non-compliance can lead to fines, public reprimands, enforced suspensions of services 
or, in extreme cases, withdrawal of authorisation to operate. 
As a UK-based company issuing in the EU, the Issuer is subject to a variety of regulatory 
requirements, in particular individual and consolidated regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements. In this context, the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime ("IFPR"), which 
came into force on January 1, 2022, entails a regulatory risk in terms of both implementation 
and compliance with the regulations. 
The Issuer was recently subject to a review initiated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority (the “FCA”), relating to certain product governance matters in connection with 
structured products offered by the Marex Solutions business division of the Issuer. During the 
review, certain enhancements to the product governance framework were recommended and are 
being implemented by the Issuer. However, there can be no assurance that the review will not 
result in further regulatory actions which could have an adverse impact on the Marex Solutions 
division’s business or on the Issuer itself. 
5.2
Legal and regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which it operates and trades may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer 
Due to the international nature of its business, the Issuer must comply with, and is affected by, 
various legal and regulatory frameworks, including tax laws. There is a risk that changes in 
these frameworks may materially adversely affect the Issuer's legal and regulatory environment. 
The risks faced by the Issuer include, but are not limited to: 

foreign currency control regulations and other regulations related to exchange rates  and 
foreign currencies (such as the abandonment of exchange rate pegs); 

changes in laws and regulations; 

measures to counter foreign trade imbalances such as foreign direct investment controls 
and export controls; 

restrictions on the ability to repatriate funds from subsidiaries; 

restrictions on the ability to own or operate subsidiaries or acquire new businesses in 
certain countries, including rules on local ownership of businesses; 

differences in legal and administrative systems, which could lead to insufficient 
protection of intellectual property, impair the Issuer's ability to enforce contracts or 
jeopardize its ability to collect accounts receivables and other claims outstanding; 

nationalisations; and 

imposition of withholding or other taxes and transfer pricing regulations. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could severely impact the Issuer's sales, and could lead 
to a loss of customers and access to customers, know-how and tangible and intangible property,

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
and could have material adverse effects on its business, net assets, financial condition, and 
results of operations. 
6.
Risks related to resolution powers
The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, as amended ("BRRD") entered into force on 
2 July 2014. EU member states were required to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with the BRRD by 31 December 2014 and to 
apply those with effect from 1 January 2015, except in relation to the bail-in provisions, which 
were to apply from 1 January 2016 at the latest. Its stated aim is to provide national "resolution 
authorities" with powers and tools to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard 
financial stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses.  
The majority of the requirements of the BRRD have been implemented in the UK through the 
UK Banking Act 2009, as amended and related statutory instruments (the "UK Banking Act"). 
The UK Banking Act provides for a "resolution regime" granting substantial powers to the Bank 
of England (or, in certain circumstances, HM Treasury), to implement resolution measures (in 
consultation with other UK authorities) with respect to a UK financial institution (such as the 
Issuer) where the UK resolution authority considers that the relevant institution is failing or is 
likely to fail, there is no reasonable prospect of other measures preventing the failure of the 
institution and resolution action is necessary in the public interest.  
The resolution powers available to the UK resolution authority include powers to:  

write down the amount owing, including to zero, or convert the relevant securities into 
other securities, including ordinary shares of the relevant institution (or a subsidiary) – 
the so-called "bail-in" tool; 

transfer all or part of the business of the relevant institution to a "bridge bank"; 

transfer impaired or problem assets to an asset management vehicle; and 

sell the relevant institution to a commercial purchaser. 
In addition, the UK resolution authority is empowered to modify contractual arrangements, 
suspend enforcement or termination rights that might otherwise be triggered and disapply or 
modify laws in the UK (with possible retrospective effect) to enable the recovery and resolution 
powers under the UK Banking Act to be used effectively. 
Investors should assume that, in a resolution situation, financial public support will only be 
available to the Issuer as a last resort after the relevant UK resolution authorities have assessed 
and used, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Investors should be aware that the exercise of any such resolution power or even the 
suggestion of any such potential exercise in respect of the Issuer could have a material 
adverse effect on the rights of holders of Securities, and could lead to a loss of some or all 
of the investment. The resolution regime is designed to be triggered prior to insolvency of 
the relevant institution, and holders of securities issued by such institution may not be able 
to anticipate the exercise of any resolution power (including exercise of the "bail-in" tool) 
by the UK resolution authority. Further, holders of securities issued by an institution 
which has been taken into a resolution regime will have very limited rights to challenge 
the exercise of powers by the UK resolution authority, even where such powers have 
resulted in the write down of the securities or conversion of the securities to equity. 
B.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES 
Risk factors relating to the Securities can be divided into the following categories depending on 
their nature and with the most material risk factor presented first in each category:

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
22 

Risks associated with the value, liquidity and offering of the Securities 

Risks associated with certain products or product features 

Risks associated with certain terms of the Securities, including adjustment, early 
redemption, substitution, Issuer call option, exercise, amendments and foreign 
exchange rates 

Risks associated with Securities that reference one or more Underlying Asset(s) 

Risks associated with particular types of Underlying Assets 

Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers 
of Securities 

Risks associated with taxation 
1.
Risks associated with the value, liquidity and offering of the Securities 
1.1
The estimated value of the Securities (as determined by reference to pricing models used 
by the Issuer) at the time the terms and conditions of the Securities are set on the trade 
date, will be less than the original issue price of the Securities 
The original issue price for the Securities will exceed the estimated value of the Securities as 
from the trade date, as determined by reference to the Issuer’s pricing models and taking into 
account the Issuer’s credit spreads. The difference between the estimated value of the Securities 
as of the time the terms and conditions of the Securities were set on the trade date and the 
original issue price is a result of many factors, including among others on issuance (the 
underwriting discount and commissions where permitted by applicable law), the expenses 
incurred in creating, documenting and marketing the Securities and the Issuer’s own internal 
funding costs (being an amount based on what the Issuer would pay to holders of a non-
structured security with a similar maturity). The difference may be greater when the Securities 
are initially traded on any secondary markets and may gradually decline in value during the term 
of the Securities. Information with respect to the amount of these inducements, commissions 
and fees will be included in the Issue Terms and may be obtained from the Issuer upon request. 
In estimating the value of the Securities as of the time the terms and conditions of the Securities 
were set on the trade date, the Issuer’s pricing models consider certain variables, including 
principally its credit spreads, interest rates (forecasted, current and historical rates), volatility, 
price-sensitivity analysis and the time to maturity of the Securities. These pricing models are 
proprietary and rely in part on certain assumptions about future events, which may prove to be 
incorrect. As a result, the actual value the investors would receive if they sold their Securities 
in the secondary market, if any, to others may differ, perhaps materially, from the estimated 
value of the Securities determined by reference to the Issuer’s models due to, among other 
things, any differences in pricing models or assumptions used by others. Accordingly, the issue 
price of the Securities as at the trade date is likely to be more than the initial market value of the 
Securities, and this could result in a loss if the investor sells the Securities prior to their 
scheduled redemption. 
1.2
The value and quoted price of the Securities (if any) at any time will reflect many factors 
and cannot be predicted 
The value and quoted price of the Securities (if any) at any time will reflect many factors and 
cannot be predicted. The following factors, amongst others, many of which are beyond the 
Issuer’s control, may influence the market value of the Securities:  

the volatility — i.e. the frequency and magnitude of changes — of the levels of the 
Underlying Asset or basket of Underlying Assets;  

whether the Securities are linked to a single Underlying Asset or a basket of 
Underlying Assets;  

the level, price, value or other measure of the Underlying Asset(s) to which the 
Securities are linked, the participation rate, the weighting multipliers, the cap level 
and/or the buffer level and/or other payout term, as applicable;

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
23 

the dividend rates of the stocks underlying the Underlying Asset(s); 

economic, financial, regulatory, political, military and other events that affect stock 
markets generally and the stocks underlying the Underlying Asset(s) or basket of 
Underlying Asset(s), and which may affect the closing level of the Underlying 
Asset(s) or the basket closing level;  

economic, financial, regulatory, geographic, judicial, political and other 
developments that affect the level, value or price of the Underlying Asset(s), and real 
or anticipated changes in those factors; 

interest rates and yield rates in the market;  

the time remaining until the Securities mature; and  

the Issuer’s creditworthiness, whether actual or perceived, and including actual or 
anticipated upgrades or downgrades in the Issuer’s credit ratings or changes in other 
credit measures. 
If the Issuer makes a market in the Securities, the price quoted by the Issuer would reflect any 
changes in market conditions and other relevant factors, including any deterioration in the 
Issuer’s creditworthiness or perceived creditworthiness. These changes may adversely affect the 
value of the Securities, including the price the investors may receive for their Securities in any 
market making transaction. To the extent that the Issuer makes a market in the Securities, the 
quoted price will reflect the estimated value determined by reference to the Issuer’s pricing 
models at that time, plus or minus its customary bid and ask spread for similar sized trades of 
structured securities and subject to the declining excess amount described in risk factor 1.1 (The 
estimated value of the Securities (as determined by reference to pricing models used by the 
Issuer) at the time the terms and conditions of the Securities are set on the trade date, will be 
less than the original issue price of the Securities) above.  
Further, if investors sell their Securities, they will likely be charged a commission for secondary 
market transactions, or the price will likely reflect a dealer discount. This commission or 
discount will further reduce the proceeds the investors would receive for their Securities in a 
secondary market sale.  
If the investors sell their Securities prior to maturity, they may receive less than the face amount 
or initial purchase price of the Securities. Investors cannot predict the future performance of the 
applicable Underlying Asset(s) based on its historical performance.  
Investors should note that the issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include 
subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. 
Any such fees and costs may not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities on the secondary market and could result in a difference between the original 
issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer 
price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Securities, particularly immediately following the offer and 
the issue date relating to such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted 
from the price at which such Securities can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary 
market. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer or any other party will be willing to purchase the Securities 
at any price and, in this regard, the Issuer is not obligated to make a market in the Securities. 
See risk factor 1.4 (The Securities may not have an active trading market; the aggregate nominal 
amount or number of Securities outstanding at any time may be significantly less than that 
outstanding on the issue date, and this could have a negative impact on the investor’s ability to 
sell its Securities in the secondary market) below.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
1.3
The Securities may lose value if interest rates increase 
Particularly in relation to Fixed Rate Notes that are not linked to an Underlying Asset and have 
a term of ten years or more, in most cases an increase in interest rates during the term of the 
Securities will cause their value to decrease and if investors sell the Securities prior to maturity 
they will receive less than the face amount of the Securities. 
1.4
The Securities may not have an active trading market; the aggregate nominal amount or 
number of Securities outstanding at any time may be significantly less than that 
outstanding on the issue date, and this could have a negative impact on the investor’s 
ability to sell its Securities in the secondary market 
Unless the Issuer expressly tells the investor otherwise, or to the extent that the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Securities are listed and admitted to trading require the Issuer to 
provide liquidity in respect of the Securities, there may be little or no secondary market for the 
Securities and the investor may be unable to sell them.  
If the Issuer does make a market for the Securities, the Issuer may cease to do so at any time 
without notice to the investor and the Issuer is not obligated to provide any quotation of bid or 
offer price(s) of the Securities which is favourable to the investor.  
For those Securities for which an application will be or has been made to be listed and admitted 
to trading on a stock exchange, the Issuer gives no assurance that such application will be 
accepted, that any particular Securities will be so admitted, or that an active trading market in 
the Securities will develop. The Issuer may discontinue any such listing at any time.  
Even if a secondary market for the Securities develops, it may not provide significant liquidity 
and transaction costs in any secondary market could be high. As a result, the difference between 
bid and asked prices for the Securities in any secondary market could be substantial. See also 
risk factor 1.2 (The value and quoted price of the Securities (if any) at any time will reflect many 
factors and cannot be predicted) above. There may be less liquidity in the secondary market for 
the Securities also if they are exclusively offered to retail investors without any offer to 
institutional investors. 
If so indicated in the Issue Terms, on the issue date a specified amount of Securities will be 
issued to and made available for sale by Marex Financial (in its capacity as a dealer), acting as 
dealer, and may be listed and admitted to trading on one or more regulated markets of any 
European Economic Area member state for purchase by investors. However, the Issuer  reserve 
the right to cancel some or all of the Securities held by it  at any time prior to the final maturity 
of the Securities. Accordingly, the aggregate nominal amount or number of Securities 
outstanding at any time may be significantly less than that outstanding on the Issue Date, and 
this could have a negative impact on the investor’s ability to sell the Securities in the secondary 
market. While this risk applies to all Securities, it may be particularly the case with regard to 
Notes to be listed on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Borsa Italiana") and admitted to trading on Borsa 
Italiana's MOT (electronic bond market). Any such right of cancellation by Marex Financial 
shall be exercised in accordance with applicable laws, the terms and conditions of the Securities 
and the applicable rules of the relevant stock exchange(s) and markets, including as to 
notification. 
The investors should therefore not assume that the Securities can be sold at a specific time or at 
a specific price during their life, and they should assume that they may need to hold them until 
they mature. The availability of any secondary market may be limited or non-existent and, if the 
investors are able to sell their Securities, they may receive significantly less than they would 
otherwise receive by holding the Securities to their scheduled maturity. 
1.5
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
The Final Terms of the Securities may provide that certain specific information relating to the 
Securities (such as certain amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) 
used to determine or calculate amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities) 
may not be fixed or determined until the end of the offer period. In such case, the Final Terms

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
will specify in place of the relevant amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as 
applicable), such indicative amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), 
or an indicative range thereof, which may be subject to a minimum or maximum amount, level, 
percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable). 
The actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) will be 
determined based on market conditions by the Issuer on or around the end of the offer period 
and may be the same as or different from any indicative amount specified in the Final Terms, 
provided that such actual amounts will not be less than any indicative minimum amount 
specified therein and will not be more than any indicative maximum amount specified therein. 
The investor will be required to make its investment decision based on the indicative amounts 
or indicative range rather than the actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as 
applicable), which will only be fixed or determined at the end of the offer period after their 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Securities once issued.  
If the Final Terms of the Securities provides that an indicative range of amounts, levels, 
percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), the investors should, for the purposes of 
evaluating the risks and benefits of an investment in the Securities, assume that the actual 
amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) fixed or determined at the 
end of the offer period may have a negative impact on the amounts payable or assets deliverable 
in respect of the Securities and consequently, have an adverse impact on the return on the 
Securities (when compared with other amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as 
applicable) within any indicative range, or less than any indicative maximum amount, or greater 
than any indicative minimum amount). Investors should therefore make their decision to invest 
in the Securities on that basis. 
1.6
Certain considerations relating to public offers of the Securities 
If the Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms will have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be 
null and void according to the terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the relevant Final Terms may also terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by 
giving notice to the public in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. Any such termination 
may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early 
closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued and, 
therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Securities. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
and/or the other entities indicated in the relevant Final Terms will have the right to extend the 
offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment 
dates and the maturity date. For the avoidance of doubt, this right applies also in the event that 
the Issuer publishes a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
In case of overallotment of the Securities, investors should consider that subscription 
applications validly submitted may not be satisfied.  
In addition, the investor should note that if indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will use for  
the distribution  of the Notes the MOT and/or for the distribution of the Instruments the SeDeX 
, a multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana ("SeDeX"),  in each 
case in accordance with the provisions governing from time to time the MOT (the “MOT 
Rules”) or the SeDeX (the “SeDeX Rules”), as the case may be. In such circumstances Borsa 
Italiana shall verify the admission requirements of the Issuer and of the Securities and shall 
receive the request for admission to trading. Following this, Borsa Italiana shall admit the 
Securities to trading and commence trading of purchase and sales contracts on the market. At 
the end of the sale phase, if successful, and subject to compliance with the requirements laid

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
down in the MOT Rules or the SeDeX Rules, as the case may be, the admission shall become 
final and Borsa Italiana shall establish the date for the start of trading on the MOT or the SeDex. 
The circumstance that, pursuant to this distribution process, potential investors can monitor (via 
market operators) the progress of the proposed purchases of the Securities during the offer 
period, may have an impact on the progress and results of the offer. Investors should also note 
that, pursuant to the distribution process on the MOT and/or SeDeX indicated above, the 
proposed acquisition of the Securities during the offer period does not constitute conclusion of 
the contract, which remains subject to confirmation of the correct execution of the order and the 
issuance of the Notes. In particular, if the issue of the Securities does not take place because the 
admission requirements laid down in the applicable MOT Rules or SeDeX Rules are not 
satisfied, the admission decision shall cease to be effective and the contracts executed shall be 
considered as null and void. The contracts concluded during the distribution phase via electronic 
trading systems cannot be revoked unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of the 
Instruments/Securities will be conditional upon admission to listing or to trading on the relevant 
regulated market and/or multilateral trading facility indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading of the 
Instruments does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw 
the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Instrument will not be 
issued. As a consequence, investors will not receive any Instruments, any subscription rights 
they have for the Instruments will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any compensation 
thereof.  
2.
Risks associated with certain products or product features 
2.1
If the Securities include a leverage factor of over 100 per cent. there may be a higher risk 
of loss 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the amount payable (or deliverable) on 
the Securities is based upon the performance, price, value or level of the Underlying Asset(s) 
multiplied by a factor which is over 100 per cent., the Securities may have a disproportionate 
exposure to any negative performance of the Underlying Asset(s). In such circumstances, the 
Securities will represent a very speculative and risky form of investment, since any loss in the 
value of the Underlying Asset(s) carries the risk of a disproportionately higher loss in the value 
of and return on the Securities. 
2.2
The return on the Securities may be linked to the level, price, rate or other applicable 
value of the Underlying Asset(s) on a number of averaging dates  
The terms and conditions of the Securities may provide that the amount payable (or deliverable) 
on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) will be based on the arithmetic average of 
the applicable levels, prices, rates or other applicable values of the Underlying Asset(s) on each 
of the specified averaging dates, and not the simple performance of the Underlying Asset(s) 
over the term of the Securities. An averaging feature could result in a lower value of and return 
on the Securities than if there was no averaging feature. For example, if the applicable level, 
price, rate or other applicable value of the particular Underlying Asset(s) dramatically increases 
on an averaging date (but not the other averaging dates), the return on the Securities may be 
significantly less than it would have been had it been linked only to the applicable level, price, 
rate or other value of the Underlying Asset(s) on that single date. 
2.3
The potential for the value of the Securities to increase may be limited  
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Securities are subject to a cap, the 
investor’s ability to participate in any change in the value of the Underlying Asset(s) over the 
term of the Securities will be limited, no matter how much the level, price, rate or other 
applicable value of the Underlying Asset(s) may rise beyond the cap level over the life of the 
Securities. Accordingly, the return on the Securities may be significantly less than if the investor 
had purchased the Underlying Asset(s) directly.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
In addition, if the participation rate on the Securities is less than 100 per cent. and, at maturity, 
the final level, price, rate or other applicable value of the Underlying Asset(s) exceeds the initial 
level, price, rate or other applicable value of the Underlying Asset(s), the return on the Securities 
may be significantly less than had the investor purchased the Underlying Asset(s) or an 
investment linked to the Underlying Asset(s) on a leveraged or one to one basis. This is because 
a participation rate of less than 100 per cent. will have the effect of reducing the investors’ 
exposure to any positive return on the Underlying Asset(s). 
2.4
The "Worst-of"("Minimum Performance", "Barrier Worst Closing Price" and "Barrier 
Worst Asset Performance") feature means that the investor will be exposed to the 
performance of each Underlying Asset and, in particular, to the Underlying Asset which 
has the worst performance 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the return on the Securities depends on 
the 'worst-of' performance of the basket of Underlying Assets, the investors will be exposed to 
the performance of each Underlying Asset and, in particular, to the Underlying Asset which has 
the worst performance. This means that, irrespective of how the other Underlying Assets 
perform, if any one or more Underlying Assets fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for 
the payment of interest or the calculation of any redemption amount, the investors may receive 
no interest payments and/or could lose some or all of their initial investment.  
2.5
The return on the Securities may be linked to the lowest or highest level or price of the 
Underlying Asset(s) on a number of entry level observation dates  
The terms and conditions of the Securities may provide that the amount payable (or deliverable) 
on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) will be based on the performance of the 
Underlying Asset(s) compared to the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
levels or prices of the Underlying Asset(s) observed across each of the specified entry level 
observation dates, and not just the price or level of the Underlying Asset(s) on a single initial 
date. Such a feature could result in a lower value of and return on the Securities than if there 
was no entry level feature. For example, if the applicable level or price of the particular 
Underlying Asset(s) increased significantly across the entry level observation dates, the value 
of and return on the Securities may be significantly less than it would have been had the return 
been determined by reference to only the applicable level or price of the Underlying Asset(s) on 
a single initial date. 
2.6
If the Securities provide for capital protection then it should be noted that the capital 
protection does not apply prior to maturity. 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may offer a capital protection of the specified 
denomination or nominal amount, as the case may, for example by way of a Protection Level or 
an Redemption Percentage, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Investors should note that 
such capital protection will only apply at maturity. Therefore, if the investors sell their Securities 
prior to maturity, there will be no capital protection and they may receive less than the face 
amount or initial purchase price of the Securities. 
2.7
The Fixed Coupon Payment Dates may be delayed if the corresponding Coupon Reference 
Date is adjusted 
The Fixed Coupon Payment Date(s) will be postponed if the Coupon Reference Date 
corresponding to such Fixed Coupon Payment Date is not a day on which the Issuer would 
usually value the Underlying Asset (despite the fact that no value of any Underlying Asset is 
being taken on such Coupon Reference Date), and this may result in Holders suffering a delay 
in the payment of the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount until after the date on which such Fixed 
Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
3.
Risks associated with certain terms of the Securities, including adjustment, early 
redemption, substitution, Issuer call option, exercise, amendments and foreign exchange 
rates 
3.1
The Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity due to a Change in Law Event, and the 
investor may lose some or all of the investment 
Where, due to a Change in Law Event, (i) the Issuer’s performance under the Securities , in 
whole or in part as a result of (a) the adoption of, or any change in, any relevant law or regulation 
(including any tax law) or (b) the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal, governmental, administrative, legislative, regulatory or judicial authority or 
power with competent jurisdiction of any relevant law or regulation (including any tax law) 
(each of (a) and (b), a "Change in Law Event") or (ii) the Issuer’s hedging transactions relating 
to the Securities has become (or there is a substantial likelihood in the immediate future that it 
will become) illegal or  impractical, the Issuer may, in its discretion, redeem the Securities.  
If the Issuer elects to early redeem the Securities, if permitted by applicable law, the Issuer shall 
pay to the investor an amount equal to the non-scheduled early repayment amount of such 
Securities. Unless the terms of the Securities provide that "Par plus accrued" or "Accreted 
Value" (in respect of Zero Coupon Notes) is applicable, the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount will be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of such 
Securities on the second Business Day prior to the date of such early redemption or settlement, 
determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate, 
and (if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and Costs" as applicable) 
adjusted to account fully for any of its reasonable expenses and costs including, those relating 
to the unwinding of any underlying and/or its related hedging arrangements (if any). The non-
scheduled early repayment amount may be less than the investor’s initial investment and 
payment of the non-scheduled early repayment amount may be made in a currency different 
from the settlement currency/specified currency, as the case may be. If payment is made in such 
a different currency, the investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk on the Securities (see 
the risk factor 3.4 "The investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk on the Securities"). 
Therefore, an investor may therefore lose some or all of its investment.  
Following any such early redemption of the Securities, the investors may not be able to reinvest 
the proceeds from such redemption at a comparable return and/or with a comparable interest 
rate for a similar level of risk. Investors should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other 
available investments when they purchase the Securities. 
3.2
The Securities may be redeemed early if the Issuer has a call option and exercises it 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to call the Securities, 
following the exercise by the Issuer of such option, the investors will no longer be able to realise 
their expectations for a gain in the value of such Securities and, if applicable, will no longer 
participate in the performance of the Underlying Assets. 
Also, an optional redemption feature of Securities is likely to limit the market value of the 
Securities. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value 
of the Securities generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to the beginning of any redemption period.  
Further, the Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Securities. At those times, the investor generally would not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. The investor should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other available investments. 
3.3
The Issuer of the Securities may be substituted with another company 
The Issuer may be substituted as principal obligor under the Securities by a new issuer and 
investors should note that in case of a substitution, a new Base Prospectus should be approved 
in accordance with Art. 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation by the competent authority. Whilst

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
the new issuer will provide an indemnity in favour of the investor in relation to any additional 
tax or duties that become payable solely as a result of such substitution, investors will not have 
the right to consent to such substitution.  
3.4
The investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk on the Securities 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that payments will be made in a currency which is 
different from the currency of the Underlying Asset(s), and the Securities do not have a 'quanto' 
feature (as described in the next paragraph), or in the case of Underlying Asset(s) that 
themselves contain currency conversions (such as a global equity index that converts all stock 
prices to a single currency for purposes of calculating the index level), the investor may be 
exposed not only to the performance of the Underlying Asset(s) but also to the performance of 
such foreign currency, which cannot be predicted. Depreciation of the currency in which the 
payments under the Securities is denominated or the currency of the Underlying Asset(s) could 
result in a decrease in the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Underlying Asset(s) are not denominated in the currency of the Securities and at the same 
time only the performance of the Underlying Asset(s) in their denominated currency is relevant 
to the payout on the Securities, the Securities are referred to as currency-protected Securities or 
Securities with a 'quanto' feature. Under such "quanto" feature, any change in the rate of 
exchange between the currency of the Underlying Asset(s) and the Securities is disregarded for 
the purposes of determining the return on the Securities. Accordingly, a 'quanto' feature means 
that the investor will not have the benefit of any change in the rate of exchange between the 
currency of the Underlying Asset(s) and the Securities that would otherwise increase the 
performance of the Underlying Asset(s) in the absence of such 'quanto' feature. In addition, 
changes in the relevant exchange rate may indirectly influence the level, price, rate or other 
applicable value of the relevant Underlying Asset(s) which, in turn, could have a negative effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities and may lead to the loss of some or all of the 
investor’s initial investment. 
Further, foreign exchange fluctuations between the investors’ home currency and the currency 
in which payments under the Securities is denominated may affect the investors if they intend 
to convert gains or losses from the exercise or sale of Securities into their home currency. 
Foreign exchange rates are, and have been, highly volatile and determined by supply and 
demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets; such fluctuations in rates 
are subject to economic factors, including, among others, inflation rates in the countries 
concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and 
central banks. 
Foreign currency exchange rates can either float or be fixed by sovereign governments. From 
time to time, governments use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by a country's central 
bank or imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, to affect the exchange rate of their currencies. 
Governments may also issue a new currency to replace an existing currency or alter the 
exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency. Thus, a 
particular concern in purchasing Securities with foreign exchange risks as described above is 
that their yields or payouts could be significantly and unpredictably affected by governmental 
actions. Even in the absence of governmental action directly affecting currency exchange rates, 
political or economic developments in the country of the relevant currency or elsewhere could 
lead to significant and sudden changes in the exchange rate of that currency and others. These 
changes could negatively (or positively) affect the value of and return on the Securities as 
participants in the global currency markets move to buy or sell the relevant currency in reaction 
to these developments.  
Governments have imposed from time to time and may in the future impose exchange controls 
or other conditions, including taxes, with respect to the exchange or transfer of a currency that 
could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the currency for a Security at its 
maturity or on any other payment date. In addition, the investor’s ability to move currency freely

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
out of the country in which payment in the currency is received or to convert the currency at a 
freely determined market rate could be limited by governmental actions. 
Investors should also read risk factor 3.4 (The investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk 
on the Securities) above. 
3.5
There are risks in relation to the exercise of the Securities 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Securities must be exercised in 
order to receive their settlement amount, and the Securities are not designated 'Automatic 
Exercise Instruments', the investors must exercise their rights to receive payment in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Securities and the requirements of the relevant clearing 
systems or the registrar, as applicable, otherwise the investors may lose all of their investment. 
3.6
The Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Securities in certain circumstances 
without the investor’s consent; amendments to the Securities will bind all holders thereof 
The terms and conditions of the Securities  may be amended by the Issuer without the investor’s 
consent as a holder of the Securities in any of the following circumstances: 

to correct a manifest or proven error or omission; 

where the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 

where such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of 
holders. 
In certain other circumstances, the consent of a defined majority of holders is required to make 
amendments. The terms and conditions of the Securities contain provisions for holders of 
Securities to call and attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written resolution 
in the absence of such a meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in writing, 
can bind all holders of Securities, including investors that did not attend or vote, or who do not 
consent to the amendments. 
4.
Risks associated with  Securities that reference one or more Underlying Assets(s) 
The following risks are associated with Securities that reference one or more Underlying 
Asset(s): 
4.1
The value of and return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) 
The return on the Securities may depend on the performance of one or more Underlying 
Asset(s). The level, price, rate, net asset value or other applicable value of the Underlying 
Asset(s) may be subject to unpredictable change over time. This degree of change is known as 
"volatility". The volatility of an Underlying Asset may be affected by national and international 
financial, political, military or economic events, including governmental actions, or by the 
activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these events or activities could 
adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. Volatility does not imply direction of 
the level, price, rate, net asset value or other applicable value, though an Underlying Asset that 
is more volatile is likely to increase or decrease in value more often and/or to a greater extent 
than one that is less volatile.  
Where the performance of an Underlying Asset in relation to the Securities is calculated on a 
"European basis" – i.e. a comparison is made between the Underlying Asset's level, price, rate, 
net asset value or other applicable value on a start date and a future date to determine 
performance – the investor will not benefit from any increase in the Underlying Asset's level, 
price, rate, net asset value or other applicable value from the start date up to, but excluding, the 
specified date on which the Underlying Asset's level, price, rate, net asset value or other 
applicable value will be determined for the purpose of the Securities.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
Where the performance of an Underlying Asset in relation to the Securities is calculated on an 
"Asian basis" – i.e. the average of the Underlying Asset's level, price, rate, net asset value or 
other applicable value on a number of reference dates is used to determine the performance – 
the average level, price, rate, net asset value or other applicable value will be lower than the 
highest value and therefore the investor will not benefit from the greatest increase in the 
Underlying Asset's level, price, rate, net asset value or other applicable value from the start date.  
4.2
Past performance of an Underlying Asset is not indicative of future performance 
The investor should not regard any information about the past performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) as indicative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Underlying Asset(s) that 
may occur in the future. Underlying Asset(s) may perform differently  (or the same) as in the 
past, and this could have material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
4.3
The Investor will not have any rights of ownership in the Underlying Asset(s) 
The Underlying Asset(s) will not be held by the Issuer for the investor’s benefit and, as such, 
the investor will have not have any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting 
rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to 
any Underlying Asset(s). The return on the Securities may be less than if the investor held the 
Underlying Asset(s) directly or a different product linked to such Underlying Asset(s) 
4.4
Following a disruption event, the valuation of the Underlying Asset(s) may be postponed 
and/or valued by Marex Financial in its discretion 
If Marex Financial (as Calculation Agent) determines that a disruption event in relation to the 
Underlying Asset(s) has occurred which affects the determination of the level, price, rate, net 
asset value or other applicable value of the Underlying Asset(s) on any relevant day, the Issuer 
may postpone the valuation and ultimately determine the level, price, rate, net asset value or 
other applicable value in its discretion. Any such postponement and/or alternative valuation may 
have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities. In the event that the valuation 
day of the Underlying Asset(s) is postponed, the date on which final cash settlement or physical 
delivery is made on the Securities may be postponed. 
4.5
Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index 
adjustment event in relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity 
Reference Price or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event 
or a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms 
and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early 
at the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
If Marex Financial (as Calculation Agent) determine that an extraordinary event or additional 
disruption events (such as hedging disruption or increased cost of hedging) (as described below 
in relation to each type of Underlying Asset) has occurred in relation to the Underlying Asset(s), 
or an Original Primary Rate Event has occurred in relation to the Original Primary Rate(s) or an 
Index Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to an Index or a Disruption Event has occurred 
in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract Reference Price, or a Potential 
Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, then Marex 
Financial may adjust the terms and conditions of the Securities (without the investor’s consent) 
to account for such event or Marex Financial may redeem the Securities early. Any adjustment 
made to the terms and conditions of the Securities may have a negative effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
In the event of early redemption, the Issuer will pay the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
to the holder. Unless the terms of the Securities provide that "Par plus accrued" or "Accreted 
Value" (in respect of Zero Coupon Notes), the non-scheduled early repayment amount will be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of such Securities on 
the second Business Day prior to the date of such early redemption or settlement, determined 
by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate, and (if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and Costs" as applicable) adjusted

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
to account fully for the Issuer’s reasonable expenses and costs including those relating to the 
unwinding of any underlying and/or related hedging arrangements (if any). The non-scheduled 
early repayment amount may be less than the investors’ initial investment and payment of the 
non-scheduled early repayment amount may be made in a currency different from the settlement 
currency/specified currency, as the case may be. If payment is made in such a different currency, 
the investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk on the Securities (see the risk factor 3.4 
"The investor may be exposed to foreign exchange risk on the Securities"). Therefore, the 
investor may therefore lose some or all of their investment.  
Following any such early redemption of the Securities, the investors may not be able to reinvest 
the proceeds from an investment at a comparable return and/or with a comparable interest rate 
for a similar level of risk. The investors should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other 
available investments when they purchase the Securities.  
4.6
Risks relating to emerging markets 
Where the terms of the Securities are linked to emerging market Underlying Asset(s) or provide 
for payments to be made in the currency of an emerging markets jurisdiction, the investor may 
be exposed to additional risks from those normally associated with an investment relating to the 
relevant type of Underlying Asset(s). The political and economic situation in countries with 
emerging economies or stock markets may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid 
development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability 
characteristics of more developed countries, which may result in a significant risk of high 
inflation and currency value fluctuation. Such instability may result from, among other things, 
authoritarian governments, or military involvement in political and economic decision-making, 
including changes or attempted changes in governments through extra-constitutional means; 
popular unrest associated with demands for improved political, economic or social conditions; 
internal insurgencies; hostile relations with neighbouring countries; and ethnic, religious and 
racial disaffections or conflict. Some of these countries may have in the past failed to recognise 
private property rights and have at times nationalised or expropriated the assets of private 
companies. As a result, the risks from investing in those countries, including the risks of 
nationalisation or restrictions being imposed on foreign purchasers, expropriation of assets, 
confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign bank deposits or other assets, 
the introduction of currency controls or other detrimental developments, which may financially 
impair investments in such countries, may be heightened. Such impairments can, under certain 
circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e. weeks or years, and may result in the occurrence 
of market disruption events which means that no prices will be quoted for the Securities affected 
by such market disruption events. In addition, unanticipated political or social developments 
may affect the values of an underlying asset investment in those countries. The small size and 
inexperience of the securities markets in certain countries and the limited volume of trading in 
securities may make the underlying assets illiquid and more volatile than investments in more 
established markets. There may be little financial or accounting information available with 
respect to local issuers, and it may be difficult as a result to assess the value or prospects of the 
Underlying Asset(s) and consequently it may be difficult to obtain a value for the Securities.  
4.7
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks", including EURIBOR and other interest rate, 
equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other types of benchmarks could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, the Securities  
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks, 
including the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), are the subject of ongoing national and international monitoring and regulatory 
reform. This has led to the discontinuation or modification of most LIBOR rates and may cause 
other benchmarks to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes in the 
future. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on Securities linked to any such value or benchmark. 
The EU Regulation 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the 
"Benchmarks Regulations") are a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in, 
respectively, the EU and the UK.  
In addition to "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in 
most cases be within scope of one or both of the Benchmarks Regulations as "benchmarks" 
where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial 
instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed on an 
EU regulated market or an EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF") and (ii) in the case of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK 
MTF), and in a number of other circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits (subject to transitional provisions) certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised 
or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided 
by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised 
in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has not been 
endorsed in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation imposes substantially the same obligations and restrictions as 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but has a narrower geographical scope. The UK Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a 
benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom. In-scope entities include UK 
Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark administrators and UK supervised entities. 
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-EU 
benchmarks pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmarks 
and benchmark administrators which were approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA") prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021.  
Since 1 January 2021, the FCA has maintained a separate public register of FCA-approved 
benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
(the "UK Register"). The UK Register includes benchmark administrators and benchmarks 
which were approved by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return 
on Securities linked to a benchmark rate or index. For example: 

a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration from its EU competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by an EU competent authority, pending 
an equivalence decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by an EU 
supervised entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as 
applicable) such authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not 
available and neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained) (this is referred to as an 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event"), then the Securities may be redeemed prior to 
maturity;  

similarly, a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by the FCA, pending an equivalence

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by a UK supervised 
entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and 
neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained) (this is referred to as an 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event"), then the Securities may be redeemed prior to 
maturity; 

if the reference asset is a benchmark and it would be unlawful or contradictory to any 
applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to determine the level or 
other value of such reference asset or make any other determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, then 
the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 

the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the applicable Benchmarks Regulation, or mandatory substitution of a 
benchmark with a replacement benchmark could be imposed by statute, and such 
changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published 
rate or level, and (depending on the type of the particular Securities) could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities including Calculation Agent determination of 
the rate or level in its discretion. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Primary Rate Cessation Event and its 
related Original Primary Rate Cessation Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect 
of (i) an Original Primary Rate or, (ii) where the Original Primary Rate is a Compounded RFR 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent), the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR, in 
each case in respect of the Securities (such affected rate, a "Discontinued Original Primary 
Rate"), the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
(or relevant day, as applicable) in respect of such Securities as the Replacement Primary Rate. 
Any Replacement Primary Rate may comprise a replacement rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source, which is determined on a backward-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate". More than one Replacement Primary Rate may apply (which may be applied as 
of one or more effective dates).
Ongoing national and international regulatory reforms and the increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks generally could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any applicable regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in respect of 
benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance of benchmarks. This could result in (i) the 
substitution of replacement rates for such benchmark(s), (ii) adjustments to the terms of the 
relevant Securities, (iii) early redemption of the relevant Securities, (iv) discretionary valuation 
of the rate by the Calculation Agent, (v) delisting of the relevant Securities and/or (vi) other 
consequences for Securities linked to any such benchmark(s). Any such action following the 
discontinuance of a reference rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and 
return on, the Securities. 
4.8
Risks relating to the replacement with risk-free rates 
Replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates, or "IBORs", and have identified risk-free rates to replace IBORs as 
primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others): 
(i) 
for sterling LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is 
now established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark; 
(ii) 
for US dollar LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), to be 
established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark; and

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
(iii) 
for EONIA and EURIBOR, the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro 
risk-free rate.  
The reform and replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences that 
cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates have a different methodology and other important 
differences from the IBORs that they are to replace. Any of these developments could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to any such rates.  In 
summary, as at the date hereof with regard to the transition from IBORs to risk-free rates: 
• 
GBP LIBOR (and GBP SONIA swap rate): As described above, GBP LIBOR is 
now only available in one-month, three-month and six-month tenors, on the basis 
of a Synthetic LIBOR methodology, and may only be used in legacy contracts. 
The Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates, as mandated by the Bank of 
England and the FCA, has driven a broad-based transition to SONIA across 
sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is now established as 
the primary sterling interest rate benchmark. On 14 December 2020, IBA 
launched the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate. 
• 
USD LIBOR (and USD SOFR swap rate): As described above, certain USD 
LIBOR tenors are still being published but their use in new financial contracts is 
widely restricted. On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee 
(the "ARRC"), convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "FRBNY"), identified 
SOFR, a broad US treasuries repurchase financing rate published by the FRBNY, 
as the rate that represents best practice for use in new US dollar derivatives and 
other financial contracts. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash 
overnight collateralised by US treasury securities. On 8 November 2021, IBA 
launched the USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate. 
• 
EURIBOR: EURIBOR has been reformed such that it is based on a hybrid 
methodology. On 13 September 2018, the Working Group on Euro Risk-Free 
Rates recommended €STR as the new euro risk-free rate, and the European 
Central Bank began publishing €STR on 2 October 2019. In addition, in May 
2021, the Working Group published a set of guiding principles for fallback 
provisions in new EURIBOR-referencing contracts and financial instruments 
(including bonds) to address, among other things, the potential future 
discontinuation of EURIBOR. 
• 
Other IBORs: Similar initiatives are underway in respect of IBORs in various 
other currencies, including Japanese yen (TIBOR), Hong Kong dollar (HIBOR), 
Australian dollar (BBSW) Canadian dollar (CDOR), and Swiss franc (CHF 
LIBOR), which was discontinued at the end of 2021, to transition to identified 
alternative risk-free rates.   
The risk-free rates described above have little, if any, historical track record. The level of any 
such risk-free rate during the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour 
of market variables and their relation to the risk-free rates, such as correlations, may change 
in the future. 
Such risk-free rates also have different calculation methodologies and other important 
differences from the IBORs that they replace. Market terms for securities linked to such risk-
free rates (such as SONIA, SOFR, €STR and TONA), such as the spread over the rate reflected 
in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such securities may be 
lower than those of later-issued securities as a result.  
Furthermore, as an overnight rate based on a large volume of interbank transactions or a rate 
based on transactions secured by central banks' treasury securities, a risk-free rate (such as 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA) does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, 
is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
that market participants would not consider any such risk-free rate a suitable substitute or 
successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR has historically been used (including, 
without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), 
which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of such risk-free rate. An established trading 
market for debt securities linked to the relevant risk-free rate may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. If the relevant risk-free rate does not prove to be widely used in the capital 
markets, the trading price of securities linked to risk-free rates may be lower than those of 
securities linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell their 
Securities at all or may not be able to sell the Securities at prices that will provide the investors 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. See also risk factor 
4.9 (Additional risks in relation to the Benchmarks Regulations and reform) below. 
4.9
Additional risks in relation to the Benchmarks Regulations and reform 
For Securities which reference an affected benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to such benchmark may 
adversely affect such benchmark rates during the term of such Securities and the return on, 
value of, and trading market for such Securities.   
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities, Securities which reference an 
affected benchmark may be subject to adjustment of the interest or other payment provisions 
in certain circumstances, such as (i) discontinuation of the relevant benchmark, (ii) inability 
of the benchmark's administrator to obtain authorisation or registration, (iii) changes in the 
manner of the benchmark's administration, or (iv) availability of a successor or replacement 
benchmark. The circumstances which could trigger such adjustments are beyond the Issuer's 
control and the subsequent use of a replacement benchmark may result in changes to the terms 
and conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or other payments under the 
Securities that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that could have been made on such Securities if the original benchmark had remained available 
in its unamended form.  Although, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
adjustments may be applied to such replacement benchmark in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, the 
application of such adjustments to the Securities may not achieve this objective. Any such 
changes may result in the Securities performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark had continued to apply. There is no 
assurance that the characteristics of any replacement benchmark would be similar to the 
affected benchmark, or that any replacement benchmark would produce the economic 
equivalent of the affected benchmark or would be a suitable replacement for the affected 
benchmark. The choice of replacement benchmark is uncertain and could result in the use of 
risk-free rates (see risk factor 4.8 (Risks relating to the replacement with risk-free rates) above 
for the risks relating to the use of such rates) and/or in the replacement benchmark being 
unavailable or indeterminable.  
The terms and conditions of the Securities may require the exercise of discretion by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, and the making of potentially subjective 
judgements (including as to the occurrence or otherwise of any event(s) which may trigger 
amendments to the terms and conditions) and/or the amendment of the terms and conditions 
without the consent of Holders. The interests of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in making such determinations or amendments may be adverse to the interests of the 
Holders. See Risk Factor 6.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
Securities where the return is dependent in whole or in part on the performance of a 
"benchmark". Investors should also consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulations and/or other 
reforms and/or possible discontinuation or reform of certain reference rates. 
To the extent that any Securities reference an IBOR, the investor should understand (i) what 
fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
and (iii) what unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) apply under the terms and conditions of such Securities, as the effect of any of 
these could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities. See also Risk 
Factor 4.12 (Risks associated with SOFR) below. 
4.10
Risks relating to differences in methodologies between IBORs and 'risk-free rates' 
'Risk-free rates' may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number 
of material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases 
or being calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered 
rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element 
based on interbank lending. As such, the investor should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and 
other interbank offered rates and any 'risk-free rates' may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for the Securities.  
Interest or coupon on Securities which reference a backwards-looking 'risk-free rate' is not 
determined until near the end of the relevant interest or coupon calculation period. As a result, 
holders of such Securities will not know the total amount of interest or coupon payable with 
respect to each such interest or coupon calculation period until shortly prior to the related interest 
or coupon payment date and it may be difficult or impossible to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest or coupon which will be payable on each such coupon or payment date in respect of the 
Securities. Also, some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Securities without 
changes to their information technology or other operational systems to account for such 
backwards-looking calculation, which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Securities. 
Further, if the Securities become due and payable on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), the final Rate of Interest or Floating Rate Coupon 
payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption.  
4.11
Risks relating to the developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential 
impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant 
part thereof may adopt an application of 'risk-free rates' that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference such 'risk-free rates' issued 
hereunder. For example, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on 'risk-free rates', including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term), and it is possible that market participants may 
seek to apply such compounded rate or term rates for capital markets issuances. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other 
'risk-free rates' that differ materially in terms of interest or coupon determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rate referenced Securities 
issued by it hereunder.  
The development of new 'risk-free rates' could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, 
or could otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a 'risk-free rate' issued 
hereunder from time to time.  
The new 'risk-free rates' may have no established trading market, and an established trading 
market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Securities indexed to the 
new 'risk-free rates' may evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, 
and such Securities may not be able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will 
provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of 'risk-free rates' in the eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 'risk-free rates' in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which the investors may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities referencing such 'risk-free rates'.  
4.12
Risks associated with SOFR 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC"), convened by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
identified SOFR, a broad U.S. treasuries repurchase financing rate published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the rate that, in the consensus view of the ARRC, represented 
best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. SOFR 
is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. treasury 
securities and has been published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York has also begun publishing historical indicative Secured 
Overnight Financing Rates going back to 2014. Investors should not rely on any historical 
changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR.  
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and 
SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a 
secured rate, while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while 
USD LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that represents interbank funding over different 
maturities (e.g., three months). USB LIBOR incorporates a bank credit risk premium (and 
various other premia), which are not reflected in SOFR. As a result, there can be no assurance 
that SOFR (including a term SOFR or compounded SOFR) will perform in the same way as 
USD LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in 
interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, 
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received 
from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or the availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There 
can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that SOFR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in the Securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Securities and the trading 
prices of the Securities. In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may withdraw, 
modify or amend published SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest 
rate for any day will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to SOFR data that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may publish after the interest rate for that day has been 
determined.  
Since SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, the Securities may not have an established trading 
market and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for floating-rate debt securities linked to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate 
reflected in interest rate provisions or the manner of compounding the base rate, may evolve 
over time, and trading prices of the applicable Securities may be lower than those of later-issued 
SOFR-based debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Securities, the trading price of the Securities may be lower than those of 
Securities linked to reference rates that are more widely used. Investors in the Securities may 
not be able to sell the Securities at all or may not be able to sell the Securities at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
4.13
Risks associated with Original Primary Rates by reference to which any Interest Amount 
payable under the Securities is determined 
The Interest Amount(s) payable under the Securities may be determined by reference to one or 
more Original Primary Rates. An Original Primary Rate: (a) may be materially modified, (b)

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
may cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (c) may not be used in certain ways by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent if its administrator or such Original Primary Rate does not 
obtain authorisation or registration (subject to applicable transitional provisions) or in case of a 
material change to the methodology and/or the formula. If any such event mentioned in (b) or 
(c) above occurs, the Issuer (as Calculation Agent) shall (after the application of any Priority 
Fallback(s) specified in the definition of such Original Primary Rate): (i) attempt to identify a 
replacement rate, (ii) attempt to determine an adjustment spread that the Issuer determines is 
required in order to reduce or eliminate any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the 
Holders (or vice versa), and (iii) make such adjustments to the terms and conditions as the Issuer 
determines to be necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of such replacement. 
If: (a) the Issuer cannot identify a replacement rate or determine an adjustment spread, or (b) 
the Issuer believes that it would be unlawful or would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements for the Calculation Agent to perform the proposed actions above, or (c) the Issuer 
believes that the adjustment spread is or would be a benchmark, index or other price source that 
would subject us to material additional regulatory obligations, or (d) the adjustments above 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay to the investor the non-scheduled early repayment amount. 
The non-scheduled early repayment amount may be less than the investors’ original investment 
and they may lose some or all of their money. 
5.
Risks associated with particular types of Underlying Assets 
The following risks are associated with Securities that reference a particular type of Underlying 
Asset(s): 
5.1
Risks associated with Shares as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.1 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which their Securities are 
linked is a Share. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of Shares  
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest 
and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well 
as company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, 
shareholder structure and distribution policy, as well as business risks faced by the 
issuers thereof. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the 
performance of the Underlying Asset(s) which, in turn, would have a negative effect 
on the value of and return on the investor’s Securities. 
(b)
The investor will not be able to participate in dividends or other distributions on the 
Shares  
The return on the Securities will not be linked to dividends or any other distributions 
paid on the Shares. Accordingly, the investors may receive a lower return on the 
Securities than they would have received had they invested directly in the Underlying 
Asset(s). 
(c)
Actions by the issuer of a Share may negatively affect the Securities 
Marex Financial gives no assurance that all events occurring prior to the issue date of 
the Securities that would affect the trading price of the relevant Share will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or 
failure to disclose material future events concerning the share issuer could affect the 
trading price of the Share and therefore the trading price of the Securities.  
Also, investors should be aware that the issuer of the Share(s) will have no involvement 
in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to them as a holder 
of Securities. The issuer of the Share(s) may take any actions in respect of such Share(s)

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
without regard to the investors’ interests as a holder of Securities, and any of these 
actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(d)
Following the occurrence of an extraordinary event in relation to the Share(s), the 
terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be 
redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount  
If a delisting, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, termination of listed 
derivatives or tender offer (all as defined in the terms and conditions of the Securities) 
occurs in relation to the underlying Share(s) or the issuer of the relevant underlying 
Shares, this will be an 'Extraordinary Event' leading to the adjustment by Marex 
Financial (as Calculation Agent) of the terms and conditions of the Securities (without 
the consent of holders) or the early redemption of the Securities. If the Issuer redeems 
the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount payable to the investor may 
be less than the investor paid for the Securities. See risk factor 4.5 (Following the 
occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the 
Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in 
relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a 
Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms 
and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed 
early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount) above.  
(e)
The occurrence of a potential adjustment event may lead to an adjustment to the 
terms of the Securities that could have a negative effect on the value of and return 
on the Securities 
A 'potential adjustment event' is an event which has a diluting or concentrating effect 
on the theoretical value of the Underlying Asset(s). If a Potential Adjustment Event 
occurs, the Issuer may elect to amend the terms and conditions of the Securities (such 
amendment to be determined without the investor’s consent) to account for the diluting 
or concentrative effect of the event. Any adjustment made to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities may have a negative effect on the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
(f)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to the occurrence 
of an additional disruption event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives 
following an early redemption may be less than the initial investment  
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and 
without the investor’s consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to account for such change in law or (ii) redeem the Securities and for an 
amount which may be less than the investor paid for the Securities. Depending on the 
applicable Issue Terms and as further described in the Share Linked Conditions, an 
additional disruption event may be determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer, upon a change in law, incurs materially increased costs in performing 
its obligations under the Securities (Change in Law).  
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the 
Shares or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the Securities 
or the Shares (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation 
to its hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the Shares (Increased 
Cost of Hedging).

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors 
should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or 
following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a 
Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract 
Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has 
occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above.  
(g)
There are risks in relation to physical delivery of assets in lieu of payment of cash 
settlement 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that, subject to the fulfilment of a particular 
condition, the Securities shall be redeemed at their maturity by delivery of Shares, as a 
holder of Securities the investors will receive such Shares rather than a monetary 
amount upon maturity. Investors will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Shares 
and the risks associated with holding such Shares.  
The value of each such Share to be delivered multiplied by the number of Shares to be 
delivered (together with any residual cash amount) to the investors may be less than 
the purchase amount paid by them for the Securities and the principal amount (if any) 
of the Securities. In the worst case, the Shares to be delivered may be worthless. 
Investors should also consider that they will be exposed to any fluctuations in the price 
of the Shares to be delivered after the end of the term of the Securities until the 
respective actual delivery. This means that the actual loss (or gain) and final return on 
the Securities can only be determined after delivery of the Shares to the investors. 
Further, the investors may be subject to documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the 
delivery and/or disposal of Shares. 
If the Share to be delivered is a registered share, the rights associated with the Share 
(e.g. participation in the general meeting, exercise of voting rights, etc.) can generally 
only be exercised by shareholders who are registered in the share register or a 
comparable official list of shareholders of the relevant Share Issuer. The Issuer’s 
obligation to deliver Shares is limited to the provision of Shares having the 
characteristics and in the form that allows delivery via an exchange and does not 
include registration of the purchaser in the share register or in the list of shareholders, 
and the Issuer accepts no liability for any such failure of (or delay in) registration. 
Lastly, investors should be aware that, in certain circumstances, where the Issuer is 
obliged to physically deliver one or more Shares in order to redeem the Securities, the 
Issuer may elect instead to redeem the Securities by way of payment of a cash amount 
(referred to in the terms and conditions as the "Physical Settlement Disruption 
Amount").  
(h)
The reference price used to determine any amount payable or to be delivered under 
the Securities may be adjusted depending on an anticipated dividend schedule or an 
anticipated or specified dividend yield 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may provide that the reference price used to 
determine any amount payable or to be delivered for specified relevant dates may be 
adjusted depending on the cash or other dividends declared in respect of the Share(s) 
or by reference to an anticipated or specified dividend yield. Such adjustments may be 
linked to the difference between the actual amount of such dividends compared with a 
prescribed schedule of anticipated dividends for such Share(s), or by calculating an 
adjusted reference price using the closing share prices on relevant days, the actual 
amount of such dividends and the anticipated or specified dividend yield. Such 
adjustment(s) may result in payments or deliveries under the Securities being delayed 
or not occurring, which might not have been the case if such adjustments did not apply.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
Such adjustment(s) may also result in the amounts otherwise payable or deliverable 
being reduced.  
In addition, following the declaration of any cash or other dividends in respect of a 
Share, if the amount actually paid or delivered by the Share Issuer of a Share to holders 
of record of the Share is less than such declared dividend and/or the issuer of the Share 
declares an intention to reduce any such declared dividend, then the amount of such 
dividend used to adjust the relevant reference price may be adjusted. In such 
circumstances, the relevant dividend may be reduced and this is likely to result in the 
investors receiving a lower return on the Securities than they would have received than 
if such adjustment had not taken place. 
5.2
Risks associated with Depositary Receipts (comprising American Depositary Receipts 
("ADRs") and Global Depositary Receipts ("GDRs")) as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.2 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which their Securities are 
linked is an ADR or GDR. 
(a)
ADRs and GDRs represent underlying shares, and therefore investors are exposed 
to the risks of an investment linked to underlying shares 
See risk factor 5.1 (Risks associated with Shares as Underlying Assets) above. 
(b)
Exposure to risk of non-recognition of beneficial ownership 
The legal owner of the shares underlying the ADRs or GDRs is the custodian bank 
which is also the issuing agent of the depositary receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction 
under which the depositary receipts have been issued, there is a risk that such 
jurisdiction does not legally recognise the purchasers of the ADR or GDR as the 
beneficial owner of the underlying shares. In the event the custodian becomes insolvent 
or that enforcement measures are taken against the custodian it is possible that an order 
restricting the free disposition of the underlying shares is issued. In this event the 
purchaser of an ADR or GDR may lose its rights to the underlying shares under the 
ADR or GDR and the ADR or GDR would become worthless. As a result, the value of 
and return on Securities linked to the ADRs or GDRs may be negatively affected. 
5.3
Risks associated with Exchange Traded Funds as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.3 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which their Securities are 
linked is an Exchange Traded Fund. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of Exchange Traded 
Funds  
An Exchange Traded Fund may seek to track the performance of an index (in relation 
to such Exchange Traded Fund, an "ETF underlying index"), or the performance of 
certain assets, contracts and/or instruments which may be invested in or held by the 
Exchange Traded Fund. The performance of an Exchange Traded Fund may be 
dependent upon company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, 
risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy of the underlying 
companies that comprise the ETF underlying index of such Exchange Traded Fund, or 
upon the value of such assets, contracts and/or instruments invested in, held by or 
tracked by the Exchange Traded Fund as well as macroeconomic factors, such as 
interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and political 
factors.  
Fees charged by the investment manager of the Exchange Traded Fund may reduce the 
performance of the fund as compared to the ETF underlying index. In addition, 
Exchange Traded Funds occasionally experience market volatility and trading

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
disruptions that are inconsistent with the net asset value of the Exchange Traded Fund's 
assets. 
(b)
Actions by the management company, trustee or sponsor of an Exchange Traded 
Fund may negatively affect the Securities 
Marex Financial gives no assurance that all events occurring prior to the issue date of 
the Securities that would affect the trading price of the relevant Exchange Traded Fund 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning the Exchange 
Traded Fund, such as a change in investment objective, could affect the trading price 
of the Exchange Traded Fund and therefore the trading price of and return on the 
Securities.  
The management company, trustee or sponsor of an Exchange Traded Fund will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to the 
investor as a holder of Securities and may take any actions in respect of such Exchange 
Traded Fund without regard to the investor’s interests as a holder of Securities. Any of 
these actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(c)
Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Exchange 
Traded Fund, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted, the 
Securities may be redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount or 
the Exchange Traded Fund may be substituted for another  
If a delisting, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer or NAV 
publication suspension (all as defined in the terms and conditions of the Securities) 
occurs in relation to the Exchange Traded Fund, this will be an 'Extraordinary Event' 
leading to the adjustment by Marex Financial (as Calculation Agent) of the terms and 
conditions of the Securities (without the consent of holders) or the early redemption of 
the Securities. If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities. See risk 
factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the 
Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of 
an index adjustment event in relation to an Index , a Disruption Event in relation to a 
Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential 
Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the 
case may be, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the 
Securities may be redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount) 
above. Where the Exchange Traded Fund has been discontinued, the Issuer may instead 
determine to replace the Exchange Traded Fund with a successor Exchange Traded 
Fund. Any of these determinations could have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
(d)
If the ETF underlying index or the Exchange Traded Fund is materially changed, 
the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be 
redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount  
If at any time the ETF underlying index is changed in a material respect, or if the 
Exchange Traded Fund in any other way is modified so that it does not, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, fairly represent the net asset value of the Exchange Traded 
Fund had those changes or modifications not been made, then, from and after that time, 
the Issuer (as Calculation Agent) will make those calculations and adjustments as may 
be necessary in order to arrive at a price of an exchange traded fund comparable to the 
Exchange Traded Fund, as if those changes or modifications had not been made, and 
calculate the closing prices with reference to the Exchange Traded Fund, as adjusted. 
Accordingly, if the Exchange Traded Fund is modified in a way that the price of its 
shares is a fraction of what it would have been if it had not been modified (for example, 
due to a split or a reverse split), then the Issuer will adjust the price in order to arrive 
at a price of the Exchange Traded Fund as if it had not been modified (for example, as 
if the split or the reverse split had not occurred). The Issuer (as Calculation Agent) may

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
determine that no adjustment is required by the modification of the method of 
calculation. Any of these determinations could negatively affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
(e)
The occurrence of a potential adjustment event may lead to an adjustment to the 
terms of the Securities that could have a negative effect on the value of and return 
on the Securities 
A 'potential adjustment event' is an event which has a diluting or concentrating effect 
on the theoretical value of the Underlying Asset. If a potential adjustment event occurs, 
the Issuer may elect to amend the terms and conditions of the Securities (without the 
investor’s consent) to account for the diluting or concentrative effect of the event. Any 
adjustment made to the terms and conditions of the Securities may have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(f)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional 
disruption event, which includes a change in law, hedging disruption and increased 
cost of hedging. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early 
redemption may be less than the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and 
without the investor’s consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to account for additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities and 
for an amount which may be less than the investor paid for the Securities. Depending 
on the applicable Issue Terms and as further described in the Share Linked Conditions, 
an additional disruption event may be determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer, upon a change in law, incurs materially increased costs in performing 
its obligations under the Share Linked Securities (Change in Law). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the 
Exchange Traded Funds or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation 
to the Securities or the Exchange Traded Funds (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation 
to its hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the Exchange Traded 
Funds (Increased Cost of Hedging). 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors 
should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or 
following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a 
Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract 
Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has 
occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
(g)
There are risks in relation to physical delivery of assets in lieu of payment of cash 
settlement 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that, subject to the fulfilment of a particular 
condition, the Securities shall be redeemed at their maturity by delivery of Shares, as a 
holder of Securities the investor will receive such Shares rather than a monetary amount 
upon maturity. The investor will, therefore, be exposed to the risks associated with 
holding the Shares.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
The value of each such Share to be delivered multiplied by the number of Shares to be 
delivered (together with any residual cash amount) to the investors may be less than 
the purchase amount paid by them for such Securities and the principal amount (if any) 
of the relevant Securities. In the worst case, the Shares to be delivered may be 
worthless. Investors should also consider that they will be exposed to any fluctuations 
in the price of the Shares to be delivered after the end of the term of the Securities until 
the respective actual delivery. This means that the actual loss (or gain) and final return 
on the Securities can only be determined after delivery of the Shares to the investors. 
Further, investors may be subject to documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the 
delivery and/or disposal of Shares. 
If the Share to be delivered is a registered share, the rights associated with the Share 
(e.g. participation in the general meeting, exercise of voting rights, etc.) can generally 
only be exercised by shareholders who are registered in the share register or a 
comparable official list of shareholders of the relevant Share Issuer. The Issuer’s 
obligation to deliver Shares is limited to the provision of Shares having the 
characteristics and in the form that allows delivery via an exchange and does not 
include registration of the purchaser in the share register or in the list of shareholders, 
and the Issuer accepts no liability for any such failure of (or delay in) registration. 
Lastly, the investor should be aware that, in certain circumstances, where the Issuer is 
obliged to physically deliver one or more Shares in order to redeem the Securities, the 
Issuer may elect instead to redeem the Securities by way of payment of a cash amount 
(referred to in the terms and conditions as the 'Physical Settlement Disruption 
Amount').  
5.4
Risks associated with Indices as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.4 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is an equity Index. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of equity Indices 
Equity indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, and as such, the 
performance of an Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the 
shares that underlie such Index, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, 
currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific factors such as 
earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy, as well as the index composition, which may change over time.  
(b)
Actions by the index sponsor may negatively affect the Securities 
The sponsor of the Index(s) will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the 
Securities and will have no obligation to the investor as a holder of Securities. For 
example, the sponsor can add, delete or substitute the components of an index at its 
discretion, and may also alter the methodology used to calculate the level of the Index. 
The sponsor may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the 
Index. Any of these actions may have a detrimental impact on the level of the Index, 
which in turn could have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(c)
The investor may receive a lower return on Securities linked to an equity Index (or 
one or more equity Indices) than if the investor held the component shares directly 
and depending on the type of equity Index (or Indices) 
The value of and return on Securities that depend on the performance of one or more 
equity Indices may be less than the value of and return on a direct holding of the shares 
of the companies comprising the components of the Index. This is because the index 
level at any specified time and valuation date may reflect the prices of such Index 
components without taking into account any (or all) dividend payments on those 
component shares. Accordingly, the investors may receive a lower return on Securities

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
linked to one or more equity Indices than the investors would have received had they 
invested directly in the component shares. 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Index may 
stipulate that dividends distributed on its components are included in the calculation of 
the index level (a "total return" version of the index) or are not included in the 
calculation of the index level (a "price return" version of the index). In the case of a 
"price return" index, holders of the relevant Securities will not participate in dividends 
or other distributions paid on the components comprising the Index and (assuming the 
Securities are not "bearish" in nature) the Securities would not perform as well as a 
position where such holder had invested directly in such components or where they had 
invested in a "total return" version of the Index. Even if the rules of the relevant Index 
provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of the components are 
reinvested in the Index, in some circumstances the dividends or other distributions may 
not be fully reinvested in such Index. Accordingly, the investors may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to Indices than they would have received if the investors 
had invested in the components of such Indices directly or in another product. 
If the relevant Index has a decrement feature, the return on such index will be calculated 
by reinvesting all gross dividends paid by such index and by subtracting a pre-defined 
dividend (also known as a synthetic dividend). If the actual ordinary dividends paid by 
such Index is lower than the pre-defined dividends, the performance of the Index will 
be less than a traditional "price return" index. As a result, the return of the Securities 
may be lower than the return of an investment linked to the price of a traditional "price 
return" index. A decrement feature may also act as a drain on the performance of the 
Index, and the index level will not reflect the aggregate performance of the underlying 
total return index but a lesser amount. As a result, the return of the Securities may be 
lower than the return of an investment linked to the price of a "total return" index.  
(d)
The occurrence of an index adjustment event or the replacement of the index sponsor 
by a successor index sponsor may have a negative effect on the Securities 
If the sponsor of an Index makes a material alteration to the Index or cancels the Index 
and no successor exists, or if the sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index, or 
if the Index or its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or in case 
of a material change to the methodology and/or the formula, each with the effect that 
the Index may not be used in certain ways by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, Marex 
Financial (as Calculation Agent) shall, (i) (if "Calculation Agent Adjustment" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) if the Issuer determines the event 
to have a material effect on the Securities, calculate the level of the Index according to 
the previous formula and method, (ii) (if "Index Substitution" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms) replace the Index with another index (or basket of indices) 
or (iii) (if "Related Exchange Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) adjust the terms and conditions of the Securities (without the investors 
consent). Any such action may have a negative effect on the value and return on the 
Securities. 
If the Issuer believes that (i) it would be unlawful or would contravene any applicable 
licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to perform the proposed action above 
or (ii) the proposed action above would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. In such event, the Issuer will pay to the 
investors the non-scheduled early repayment amount. The non-scheduled early 
repayment amount may be less than the original investment and the investors may lose 
some or all of its money. See also risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain 
extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary 
Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an 
Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures 
Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event 
has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount).

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
If an index is calculated by a successor index sponsor, or, is replaced by a successor 
index, the successor index or index as calculated by the successor index sponsor, will 
be deemed to be the index if approved by Marex Financial (as Calculation Agent). Any 
such successor index may perform poorly and may result in holders of Securities 
receiving less than they otherwise expected.  
Any of these events may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
(e)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional 
disruption event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early 
redemption may be less than the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and 
without the investor’s consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to account for additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities and 
for an amount which may be less than the investor paid for the Securities. Depending 
on the applicable Issue Terms and as further described in the Index Linked Conditions, 
an additional disruption event may be determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer, upon a change in law, incurs materially increased costs in performing 
its obligations under the Index Linked Securities (Change in Law). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Index Linked 
Securities or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the Index 
Linked Securities (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation 
to its hedging obligations with respect to the Index Linked Securities (Increased 
Cost of Hedging). 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors 
should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or 
following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a 
Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract 
Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has 
occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
(f)
There are additional risks in relation to Securities linked to exchange traded futures 
and options contracts on underlying indices  
If the Securities depend on the performance of exchange traded futures and options 
contracts on one or more underlying Indices (collectively, "index-linked derivatives 
contracts"), then the investor is exposed to the performance of the index-linked 
derivatives contracts which, in turn, will be driven by the level of the underlying Index.  
There will be a correlation between the level of an Index and the price at which an 
index-linked derivatives contract trades on the relevant futures or options exchange, 
and the investors will therefore be exposed to the performance of the Index. However, 
investors should also be aware that the expectations of dealers in index-linked 
derivatives contracts of the level of the Index on the date(s) on which the settlement 
amount of an index-linked derivatives contract is determined may also have an impact 
on the price of an index-linked derivatives contract on the Index. For example, if the

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
expectation of dealers in options contracts is that the level of the Index will be lower 
on a future date when the settlement amount of the options contract is to be determined 
than the current level of the Index, this may result in the price of the options contract 
falling (in the case of a call option) or rising (in the case of a put option) even where 
the current level of the Index is rising. Moreover, because the settlement amount of 
many options contracts is a multiple of the difference between the level of the Index 
on a future date and the strike, a relatively small change in the level of an Index may 
result in a proportionately much larger change in the price of the options contract. 
If the expectation of dealers in futures contracts is that the settlement price of the Index 
on the date(s) on which the settlement amount of the futures contract is determined will 
be lower than the forward price of the Index specified in the contract, this may result 
in the price of the futures contract falling (in the case of buyers of the futures contract) 
or rising (in the case of sellers of the futures contract) even where the current level of 
the Index is rising. Moreover, because the settlement amount of many futures contracts 
is a multiple of the difference between the settlement price and the forward price, a 
relatively small change in the level of an Index may result in a proportionately much 
larger change in the price of the futures contract.  
(g)
The reference price used to determine any amount payable under the Securities may 
be adjusted based on a specified decrement factor 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may provide that the reference price used to 
determine any amount payable for specified relevant dates may be adjusted by 
reference to a specified factor, prescribed formula and/or specified amount (a 
"decrement factor"). This may be done by calculating the reference price for relevant 
days using the closing index level or index level of an index for such relevant days, and 
adjusting it by applying a decrement factor. Such adjustment(s) may result in payments 
under the Securities being delayed or not occurring, which might not have been the 
case if such adjustments did not apply. Such adjustment(s) may also result in the 
amounts otherwise payable being reduced. 
5.5
Risks associated with Commodities as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.5 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is a Commodity. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of Commodities 
Commodities comprise physical commodities, which need to be stored and transported, 
and commodity contracts, which are agreements either to buy or sell a set amount of a 
physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period (which is generally 
referred to as a delivery month), or to make and receive a cash payment based on 
changes in the price of the physical commodity.  
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such 
as futures contracts) or may be traded directly between market participants "over-the-
counter" (such as swaps and forward contracts) on trading facilities that are subject to 
lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation.  
The performance of commodity contracts are correlated with, but may be different 
from, the performance of physical commodities. Commodity contracts are normally 
traded at a discount or a premium to the spot prices of the physical commodity. The 
difference between the spot prices of the physical commodities and the futures prices 
of the commodity contracts, is, on one hand, due to adjusting the spot price by related 
expenses (warehousing, transport, insurance, etc.) and, on the other hand, due to 
different methods used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures 
markets. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant 
differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
The performance of a commodity, and consequently the corresponding commodity 
contract, is dependent upon various factors, including supply and demand, liquidity, 
weather conditions and natural disasters, direct investment costs, location and changes 
in tax rates as set out in more detail below. Commodity prices are more volatile than 
other asset categories, making investments in commodities riskier and more complex 
than other investments. 
Supply and demand − The planning and management of commodities 
supplies is very time-consuming. This means that the scope for action on the 
supply side is limited and it is not always possible to adjust production swiftly 
to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. 
Transport costs for commodities in regions where these are needed also affect 
their prices. The fact that some commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as 
agricultural products which are only produced at certain times of the year, can 
also result in major price fluctuations.  
Liquidity − Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and 
adequately react to changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only 
a few market participants in the commodities markets means that speculative 
investments can have negative consequences and may distort prices. 
Weather conditions and natural disasters − Unfavourable weather 
conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities for the entire year. 
This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price 
fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can also influence the prices of 
agricultural commodities. 
Direct investment costs − Direct investments in commodities involve storage, 
insurance and tax costs. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on 
Commodities. The total returns from investments in commodities are 
therefore influenced by these factors. 
Governmental programs and policies, national and international political, 
military and economic events and trading activities in commodities and 
related contracts − Commodities are often produced in emerging market 
countries, with demand coming principally from industrialised nations. The 
political and economic situation is however far less stable in many emerging 
market countries than in the developed world. They are generally much more 
susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. 
Political crises can affect purchaser confidence, which can as a consequence 
affect commodity prices. Armed conflicts can also impact on the supply and 
demand for certain commodities. It is also possible for industrialised nations 
to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This can 
directly and indirectly impact commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous 
commodity producers have joined forces to establish organisations or cartels 
in order to regulate supply and influence prices.  
Changes in tax rates − Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a 
positive or a negative impact on the profitability margins of commodities 
producers. When these costs are passed on to purchasers, these changes will 
affect prices. 
Any of these factors may affect in varying ways the value of and return on a Security 
linked to a Commodity.  
(b)
Disruption Event – Limit Prices 
The commodity markets are subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due 
to various factors, including the lack of liquidity in the markets and government 
regulation and intervention. In addition, U.S. futures exchanges and some foreign 
exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in contract prices which

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally referred to as "daily 
price fluctuation limits" and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given 
day as a result of these limits is referred to as a "limit price". Once the limit price has 
been reached in a particular contract, trading in the contract will follow the regulations 
set forth by the trading facility on which the contract is listed. Limit prices may have 
the effect of precluding trading in a particular contract, which could adversely affect 
the value of a commodity contract. The disruption events referred to in risk factor 4.4 
(Following a disruption event, the valuation of the Underlying Asset(s) may be 
postponed and/or valued by Marex Financial in its discretion) include, in respect of 
commodities, the occurrence of "limit prices". 
(c)
Legal and regulatory changes 
Commodities and derivatives are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may 
change in ways that could affect the Issuer’s ability to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities, and could lead to the adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
or to the early redemption of the Securities (as described in these risk factors and as set 
forth in the terms and conditions of the Securities). Commodities and derivatives are 
subject to legal and regulatory regimes in the United States and, in some cases, in other 
countries that may change in ways that could adversely affect the value of the 
Securities. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") 
includes numerous provisions with respect to the regulation of the futures and over-
the-counter ("OTC") derivative markets. Dodd-Frank requires regulators, including the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), to adopt regulations in order 
to implement many of the requirements of the legislation. On 15 October 2020, the 
CFTC announced that it approved three final rules (including rules regarding position 
limits for derivatives, margin requirements for uncleared swaps and exemption from 
registration for certain foreign intermediaries) completing the CFTC's major 
rulemakings related to implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act. However, while the 
CFTC has adopted the major final regulations, the ultimate nature and scope of all 
potentially relevant regulations cannot yet be determined. For example, there is often 
only limited interpretive guidance as to the precise meaning, scope and effect of many 
such regulations. Lastly, the U.S. Congress was previously considering further 
legislation, generally intended to "scale back" the scope of certain Dodd-Frank 
regulations. The ultimate scope of such legislation, and whether or not it ultimately 
becomes a law and the date(s) of applicability of its provisions, are currently impossible 
to predict. While the full impact of such regulations is not yet known, these regulatory 
changes are likely to restrict the ability of market participants to participate in the 
futures and swap markets and markets for other OTC derivatives on physical 
commodities to the extent and at the levels that they have in the past. These factors 
may have the effect of reducing liquidity and increasing costs in these markets as well 
as affecting the structure of the markets in other ways. In addition, these legislative and 
regulatory changes have increased and are likely to further increase the level of 
regulation of markets and market participants, and therefore the costs of participating 
in the commodities, futures and OTC derivative markets. Amongst other things, these 
changes require many OTC derivative transactions to be executed on regulated 
exchanges or trading platforms and cleared through regulated clearing houses. 
Execution through clearing houses has already been mandated for certain index and 
rate swaps. Swap dealers are required to be registered with the CFTC and, in certain 
cases, the SEC, and are subject to various regulatory requirements, including capital 
and margin requirements. The various legislative and regulatory changes, and the 
resulting increased costs and regulatory oversight requirements, could result in market 
participants being required to, or deciding to, limit their trading activities, which could 
cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in market volatility.. These 
consequences could adversely affect the level of the price of a commodity or the level

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
of a commodity index, which could in turn adversely affect the return on and value of 
the Securities. 
In addition, other regulatory bodies have proposed, or may in the future propose, 
legislation similar to that proposed by Dodd-Frank or other legislation containing other 
restrictions that could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase costs of 
participating in the commodities markets. For example, under the recast Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive ("MiFID II") and the accompanying Markets in 
Financial Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"), which came into force on the 3 January 
2018 (and were subsequently retained in the UK in modified form following Brexit, 
via (amongst other instruments) the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (2018)), there 
are requirements establishing position limits on trading commodity derivatives. These 
legislative frameworks and any future similar or modified frameworks could have an 
adverse effect on the prices of commodities and the return on and value of the 
Securities.  
Further, the adoption of or change to certain regulations may negatively impact the 
Issuer’s hedging positions (including potentially incurring materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities and/or maintaining its hedge positions). 
In such case, the Issuer may, in its discretion, either (i) amend the terms and conditions 
of the Securities to account for such change in law or (ii) redeem the Securities.  If the 
Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount payable to 
the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities. See risk factor 4.5 
(Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index 
adjustment event in relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity 
Reference Price or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment 
Event or a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may 
be, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be 
redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
(d)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional 
disruption event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early 
redemption may be less than the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and without the investor’s 
consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for such 
additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities and for an amount which may 
be less than the investor paid for the Securities. Depending on the applicable Issue 
Terms and as further described in the Commodity Linked Conditions, an additional 
disruption event may be determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the 
Commodity or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the 
Securities or the Commodity (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation 
to its hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the Commodity 
(Increased Cost of Hedging). 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors 
should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or 
following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a 
Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract 
Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has 
occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
(e)
Factors affecting prices of precious metals: Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium 
Gold, silver, platinum and palladium are precious metals. Consequently, in addition to 
factors affecting commodities generally that are described above, the price of gold, 
silver, platinum or palladium may be subject to a number of additional factors specific 
to precious metals, including the following: 

disruptions in the supply chain, from mining to storage to smelting or 
refining; 

adjustments to inventory; 

variations in production costs, including storage, labour and energy costs; 

costs associated with regulatory compliance, including environmental 
regulations; 

changes in industrial, governmental and consumer demand, both in 
individual consuming nations and internationally; 

precious metal leasing rates; 

foreign exchange rates; 

the level of economic growth and inflation; and 

the degree to which consumers, governments, corporate and financial 
institutions hold physical gold as a safe haven asset (hoarding) which may be 
caused by a banking crisis/recovery, a rapid change in the value of other 
assets (both financial and physical) or changes in the level of geopolitical 
tension. 
These factors interrelate in complex ways, and the effect of one factor may offset or 
enhance the effect of another factor. 
See also risk factor 4.7 (The regulation and reform of "benchmarks", including 
EURIBOR and other interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other 
types of benchmarks could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return 
on, the Securities). 
(f)
Factors affecting prices of energy commodities  
Global energy commodity prices are primarily affected by the global demand for and 
supply of these commodities, but are also significantly influenced by speculative 
actions and by currency exchange rates. In addition, prices for energy commodities are 
affected by governmental programs and policies, national and international political 
and economic events, changes in interest and exchange rates, the general level of equity 
markets, trading activities in commodities and related contracts, trade, fiscal, monetary 
and exchange control policies and with respect to oil, drought, floods, weather, 
government intervention, environmental policies, embargoes and tariffs. Demand for 
refined petroleum products by consumers, as well as the agricultural, manufacturing 
and transportation industries, affects the price of energy commodities. Sudden 
disruptions in the supplies of energy commodities, such as those caused by war, natural 
events, accidents or acts of terrorism, may cause prices of energy commodity futures 
contracts to become extremely volatile and unpredictable. Also, sudden and dramatic 
changes in the futures market may occur, for example, upon a cessation of hostilities 
that may exist in countries producing energy commodities, the introduction of new or 
previously withheld supplies into the market or the introduction of substitute products 
or commodities. In particular, supplies of crude oil may increase or decrease depending

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
on, among other factors, production decisions by the Organization of the Petroleum 
Exporting Countries ("OPEC") and other crude oil producers. Crude oil prices are 
determined with significant influence by OPEC, which has the capacity to influence 
oil prices worldwide because its members possess a significant portion of the world's 
oil supply. Crude oil prices are generally more volatile and subject to dislocation than 
prices of other commodities. Demand for energy commodities such as oil and gasoline 
is generally linked to economic activity, and will tend to reflect general economic 
conditions. 
(g)
Factors affecting agricultural commodities  
The markets for futures contracts on agricultural commodities are generally less liquid 
than the markets for contracts on other categories of commodities, such as energy 
commodities. The greater illiquidity of contracts on such commodities could adversely 
affect the prices of such commodities and therefore the returns on any Securities linked 
to Underlying Asset(s) comprising such commodities. In addition, the CFTC imposes 
limits on the size of positions in contracts on agricultural commodities that may be held 
or controlled by one trader for speculative purposes. In contrast, many other types of 
commodities are either not subject to position limits at all or are subject to limits 
established by the exchanges, rather than by the CFTC (although position limits on 
other commodities will in the near future become subject to position limits established 
by the CFTC as well, as discussed above). The CFTC's position limits on contracts on 
agricultural commodities could restrict the sizes of positions held by many market 
participants, which could further constrain liquidity. 
Prices of agricultural commodities may be affected by certain factors to a greater extent 
than other commodity sectors. The prices of agricultural commodities and the futures 
contracts tied to those commodities, are affected by a variety of factors, including 
weather, governmental programs and policies, outbreaks of disease and epidemics or 
other unanticipated natural disasters, the seasonality of supply and demand, 
transportation and distribution considerations. Agricultural products which are only 
produced at certain times of the year can also result in major price fluctuations. While 
all commodity prices are affected by some or all of these factors, they may have a 
greater impact on the prices of agricultural commodities and the futures contracts tied 
to those commodities.  
(h)
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have a negative effect 
on the Securities 
If a Commodity Reference Price or its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration or in case of a material change to the methodology and/or the formula, each 
with the effect that the Commodity Reference Price may not be used in certain ways 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Commodity Reference Price is materially 
modified, the Issuer (as Calculation Agent) shall, if the Issuer determines the event to 
have a material effect on the Securities, apply the applicable fallback(s) specified, 
which may include basing the Issuer’s determination on an alternate commodity 
reference price or the Issuer may determine the level of the Commodity Reference 
Price. If we believe that (i) it would be unlawful or would contravene any applicable 
licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to perform the proposed action(s) 
above or (ii) the proposed action(s) above would not achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay to the investors the non-scheduled early repayment amount. The non-
scheduled early repayment amount may be less than the original investment and the 
investors may lose some or all of their money. See also risk factor 4.5 (Following the 
occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the 
Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in 
relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a 
Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms 
and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed 
early at the non-scheduled early repayment amount).

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
5.6
Risks associated with foreign exchange rates as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risks factors in this risk factor 5.6 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is a foreign exchange rate. 
The performance of foreign exchange rates, currency units or units of account is dependent upon 
the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are 
subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate 
differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, 
currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, 
speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, 
without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to 
replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the 
exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the 
availability of a specified currency.  
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If an FX Rate or its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or in case of a 
material change to the methodology and/or the formula, each with the effect that the FX Rate 
may not be used in certain ways by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the FX Rate is 
materially modified, the Issuer (as Calculation Agent) shall, if the Issuer determines the event 
to have a material effect on the Securities, base the Issuer’s determination on the fallback rate 
specified. If no fallback rate is specified and/or we believe that (i) it would be unlawful or would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to perform the 
proposed action above or (ii) the proposed action above would not achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
to the investors the non-scheduled early repayment amount. The non-scheduled early repayment 
amount may be less than the original investment and the investors may lose some or all of their 
money. See also risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in 
relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence 
of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a 
Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment 
Event or a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the 
terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early 
at the non-scheduled early repayment amount). 
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional disruption 
event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early redemption may be less than 
the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and without the investor’s consent, 
either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the FX Linked Securities to account for such 
additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities and for an amount which may be less 
than the investor paid for the Securities. Depending on the applicable Issue Terms and as further 
described in the FX Linked Conditions, an additional disruption event may be determined in the 
following events: 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially reasonable efforts 
to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the FX Rate or to use the proceeds 
of any hedging positions in relation to the Securities or the FX Rate (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation to its 
hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the FX Rate (Increased Cost of 
Hedging).

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount payable to the 
investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors should refer to risk factor 
4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment 
event in relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or 
a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event 
has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the Securities 
may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount) above. 
5.7
Risks associated with Interest Rates as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.7 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is an interest rate. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of interest rates 
The performance of interest rates is dependent upon a number of factors, including 
supply and demand on the international money markets, which are influenced by 
measures taken by governments and central banks, as well as speculations and other 
macroeconomic factors. 
(b)
Ongoing reforms to EURIBOR and proposed regulation of other 'benchmarks' 
could negatively impact the Securities  
Investors should read risk factor 4.7 (The regulation and reform of benchmarks, 
including EURIBOR and other interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate 
and other type of benchmarks could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and 
return on, the Securities), 4.8 (Risks relating to the replacement with risk-free rates), 
4.9 (Additional risks relating to the Benchmarks Regulations and reforms), 4.10 (Risks 
relating to differences in methodologies between IBORs and risk-free rates), 4.11 
(Risks relating to the developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential 
impact on performances and return) and 4.12 (Risks associated with SOFR) and 4.13 
(Risks associated with Original Primary Rates by reference to which any Interest 
Amount payable under the Securities is determined).  
(c)
A negative floating rate may reduce any positive margin otherwise payable on the 
Securities 
It is possible that floating rates of interest (e.g. EURIBOR) could turn negative. If the 
interest rate of the Securities is based on a floating rate, plus a specified Margin, and if 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Reference Rate 0% Floor" or "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" 
to be not applicable, a negative floating rate will reduce the Margin, potentially to zero. 
In such case, the interest rate that the investor receives on its Securities will be lower 
than the Margin, and may even reduce it to zero, so that the investor receives no interest 
on the Securities. 
(d)
An interest rate may be floored at the minimum interest rate of zero per cent. 
If the interest rate of the Securities is based on a floating rate (e.g. EURIBOR), plus or 
minus a specified Margin, it is possible that the interest rate could become negative. In 
such case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Minimum Rate of Interest" to be zero 
per cent., the minimum interest rate that the investor receives on their Securities will 
be zero, so that the investor receives no interest on the Securities. 
(e)
The interest rate on Securities with a negative Participation Rate will fall when the 
floating rate increases

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
56 
A negative Participation Rate will result in the interest rate of the Securities moving in 
the opposite direction to a floating rate (e.g. EURIBOR) and therefore an increase in 
such floating rate will reduce the interest rate of the Securities (potentially to zero). 
When prevailing floating rates increase, the market value of Securities that have a 
negative Participation Rate can fall significantly due to the reduction in interest payable 
and because in most cases a rise in interest rates will cause the value of Securities to 
decrease. This fall will be magnified if the negative Participation Rate is lower than 
minus one, such that a rise in interest rates will result in a disproportionately higher fall 
in value of the Securities. See also risk factor 1.3 (The Securities may lose value if 
interest rates increase). 
5.8
Risks associated with funds as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.8 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is a Fund. In addition, the fund offering document of the relevant Fund sets out further 
details on such Fund, including its fees and charges and any related risks, which investors 
should take into account before deciding to invest in Securities linked to such Fund. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of a Fund and this may 
adversely affect the value and return on the Securities 
The performance of the units or shares of a Fund to which the Securities are linked will 
affect the value and investment return on the Securities. Marex Financial gives no 
assurance relating to the present or future performance of the units or shares of a Fund 
or any underlying component in which such Fund may invest. The performance of the 
units or shares of a Fund is dependent upon many factors which may include, without 
limitation, the following:  
Macroeconomic factors: macroeconomic factors (such as interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, currency developments including variations of 
exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, judicial or economic factors);  
Volatile/illiquid investments: a Fund may make investments in markets that 
are volatile and/or illiquid and it may be difficult or costly for investment 
positions to be opened or liquidated. A Fund may invest in and actively trade 
instruments with significant risk characteristics, including risks arising from 
the volatility of securities, financial futures, derivatives, currency and interest 
rate markets, the leverage factors associated with trading in such markets and 
instruments, and the potential exposure to loss resulting from counterparty 
defaults; 
Concentration risk: a Fund may concentrate its investments in assets of a 
certain class or in securities or derivative instruments relating to certain 
issuers, industries or geographic regions and therefore the overall adverse 
impact on one or more components of a Fund, and correspondingly on the 
value of a Fund, of an event could be considerably greater than if a Fund were 
not permitted to concentrate its investments; 
Credit risk: a Fund may take credit risk with regard to counterparties with 
which it trades, may bear the risk of settlement default and may also invest in 
securities which expose it to the credit risk of an issuer;  
Risks of short selling: a Fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes 
a Fund to theoretically unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the 
price to which a security may rise; 
Dependence on key individuals: the success of a Fund is dependent on the 
expertise of its service providers (the "Fund Service Providers") and the loss 
of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on such Fund; 
Regulatory and legislative risk: see "Regulatory and legislative risk" below;

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
57 
Leverage: a Fund may utilise leverage techniques, including the use of 
borrowed funds, repurchase agreements and other derivative financial 
instruments. While leverage presents opportunities for increasing a Fund's 
total return, it increases the potential risk of losses which could be greater than 
if leverage had not been used; 
Strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment 
objective: see "Strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its 
investment objective" below; 
Costs relating to Funds: a Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and 
expenses which it incurs, as described in its offering documents. Such fees 
and expenses may include the investment management fees, performance fees 
and operating expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct 
investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs and expenses 
regardless of its performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to 
incur increased trading costs; and 
Risk of fraud: there is a risk that a Fund Service Provider could divert or 
abscond with the assets of a Fund, fail to follow the investment strategies of a 
Fund, provide false reports of operations or engage in other misconduct.  
Any one or a combination of the above factors could adversely affect the performance 
of a Fund which, in turn, would have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. In addition, the Issuer may determine that such event has resulted in the 
occurrence of a Crystallisation Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Securities), 
and may take one of the actions available to us to deal with such event (see 
"Determinations in respect of Crystallisation Events may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Securities" below). 
(b)
No recourse to assets or shares of a Fund 
The investors will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to the Fund 
Service Provider of any Fund, the units or shares of any Fund, or any assets of any 
Fund and they will have no claim against such Fund or the Fund Service Provider. The 
return on the Securities may be less than if they held shares in the Fund directly or a 
different product linked to such Fund. 
(c)
Actions by a Fund or the Fund Service Provider of a Fund may negatively affect the 
Securities  
The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Fund or any 
Fund Service Provider, and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions in respect of any Holders. A Fund or any Fund Service 
Provider may take any actions (including adding, removing or substituting the 
components of such Fund, making other methodological changes that could change the 
investment profile of such Fund or discontinuing such Fund) in respect of such Fund 
without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
(d)
Units and shares in a Fund may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
There can be no assurance that the liquidity of a Fund will always be sufficient to meet 
redemption requests as, and when, made. Any lack of liquidity or restrictions on 
redemptions may affect the liquidity of the units or shares of a Fund and their value 
and could adversely affect the performance of the Securities. A Fund may make 
investments for which no liquid market exists, including those that are not listed on a 
securities exchange or traded on an over-the-counter market. The market values, if any, 
of such investments tend to be more volatile and a Fund may not be able to sell them 
when it desires to do so or to realise what it perceives to be their fair value in the event 
of a sale. Furthermore, entities whose securities are not publicly traded are not subject

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
58 
to the disclosure and other investor protection requirements which would be applicable 
if their securities were publicly traded. 
The units or shares of a Fund and the assets of a Fund may be subject to transfer 
restrictions arising by way of applicable securities laws or otherwise. Holders of units 
or shares in a Fund may have the right to transfer or withdraw their investment in a 
Fund only at certain times and upon completion of certain documentary formalities and 
such rights may be subject to suspension or alteration.  
These circumstances may affect the net asset value of a Fund and could adversely affect 
the performance of the Securities. The Issuer may also determine that such 
circumstances have resulted in the occurrence of a Crystallisation Event, and may take 
one of the actions available to us to deal with such event (see "Determinations in 
respect of Crystallisation Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities" below).  
In addition, the net asset value of the units or shares in a Fund used to calculate 
payments under the Securities will be reduced by the subscription or redemption costs 
or dealing charges incurred by the Issuer and/or its affiliates. 
(e)
Strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful or 
that the investment objective of a Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical model 
used by the relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any 
assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the 
types of investments in which a Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. 
The analytical models utilised by a management company of a Fund and upon which 
investment decisions are based may be developed from historical analysis of the 
performance or correlation of certain companies, securities, industries, countries or 
markets. There can be no assurance that the historical performance that is used to 
determine such analytical models will be a good indicator of future performance, and 
if the future performance of a Fund varies significantly, the management company of 
a Fund may not achieve its intended investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful 
under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as 
derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the 
relative values of such Fund's portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange 
rates, interest rates, equity prices and levels of yields and prices of other securities. 
Such hedging transactions may not always achieve the intended outcome and can also 
limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, 
within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus 
within a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a 
Fund's investment performance. Furthermore, a Fund may have difficulty realising any 
strategy initiatives that it undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether a Fund 
fulfils the investment criteria set out in its investment guidelines. 
(f)
Re-characterisation risk 
No advice is being provided by the Issuer or any of its respective affiliates with respect 
to any re-characterisation risk (including the risk that the Securities may be considered 
part of a collective investment scheme) in connection with Securities linked to any 
Fund. Prospective investors should consult their own advisers with respect to the 
implications of an investment in the Securities. Any re-characterisation could have a 
material adverse effect on the return the investors realise on the Securities. 
(g)
Fee rebate arrangements

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
59 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may receive rebates from the management company of 
a Fund in respect of the units or shares of a Fund or any other assets which the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates may hold as a hedge to the Securities. Any breach by a counterparty 
to such fee rebate arrangement may result in losses or increased costs to the Issuer and 
the Issuer may determine that such circumstances have resulted in the occurrence of a 
Crystallisation Event, and may take one of the actions available to us to deal with such 
event (see "Determinations in respect of Crystallisation Events may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Securities" below).  
(h)
Regulatory and legislative risk 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the 
ability of a Fund to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its 
investment strategies. In addition, the regulatory or tax environment for derivative and 
related instruments is evolving and may be subject to modification by government or 
judicial action which may adversely affect the value of the investments held by a Fund. 
It is not possible to predict the effect of any future changes to applicable law or 
regulation or uncertainties such as international political developments, changes in 
government policies, taxation, restrictions or foreign investment and currency 
repatriation or fluctuations. 
Furthermore, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from 
time to time as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on 
taxation and currency repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of 
foreign ownership of assets held by a Fund, and this may affect the net asset value at 
which a Fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding 
requirements and, in turn, the value of the Securities. The Issuer may also determine 
that such circumstances have resulted in the occurrence of a Crystallisation Event 
(which may include, amongst others, events which affect the business of a Fund 
(including the conduct of its business), events which affect the key characteristics of a 
Fund or in respect of Securities, a regulatory event in which the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates have incurred (or there is a reasonable likelihood that the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates will incur) a materially increased cost or will be subject to materially 
increased regulatory capital requirements in respect of the performance of its 
obligations under or execution of hedging transactions in respect of the Securities), and 
may take one of the actions available to us to deal with such event (see "Determinations 
in respect of Crystallisation Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities" below). Any such actions taken may have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
Where, due to a change in law event, the Issuer’s performance under the Securities or 
any hedge relating to the Securities, has become (or there is a substantial likelihood in 
the immediate future that it will become) illegal or impractical, the Issuer may, in its 
discretion, redeem the Securities.  
If the Issuer elects to early redeem the Securities, if permitted by applicable law, the 
Issuer shall pay to the investors an amount equal to the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount of such Securities. The non-scheduled early repayment amount may be less 
than the initial investment and the investors may therefore lose some or all of their 
investment. 
Following any such early redemption of the Securities, the investors may not be able 
to reinvest the proceeds from such redemption at a comparable return and/or with a 
comparable interest rate for a similar level of risk. Investors should consider such 
reinvestment risk in light of other available investments when they purchase the 
Securities. 
(i)
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
Marex Financial will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
unit or share of a Fund by such Fund (or another entity on its behalf). Any delay,

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
60 
suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
unit or share of a Fund may have an impact on the calculation of the return on the 
Securities. The units and shares of a Fund and/or the investments made by a Fund may 
be valued only by administrators, custodians or other service provider of such Fund 
and may not be verified by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. 
There is a risk that (i) the Issuer’s determinations may not reflect the true value of the 
units or shares of a Fund at a specific time which could result in losses or inaccurate 
pricing and/or (ii) the net asset value may not be available on a relevant date which 
could result in the calculation of the return on the Securities being based on the 
Issuer’swe commercially reasonable estimate of the net asset value per unit or share of 
a Fund on a long-stop date that falls after such relevant date. 
(j)
Determinations in respect of Crystallisation Events may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Securities 
Upon determining that a Crystallisation Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, the 
Issuer may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute 
such Fund for a replacement asset or basket of replacement assets that preserves as 
closely as is commercially practicable the original economic and investment objective 
of such Fund and the Issuer may elect to amend the terms and conditions of the 
Securities (such amendment to be determined without the investor’s consent) to 
account for the replacement of such Fund. The replacement of a Fund and any 
amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities may have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Issuer determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that the date for such substitution would otherwise fall after the relevant scheduled 
reference date, or the Issuer is not able to determine an appropriate replacement asset 
or basket of replacement assets for a Fund, then the Issuer may, in its discretion, redeem 
the Securities on the scheduled maturity date by payment of an amount equal to (A) (I) 
if a protection level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the specified denomination 
or nominal amount, as the case may be, multiplied by the protection level, otherwise, 
(II) zero plus (B) the value of the derivative component of such Security, plus (C) the 
sum of the overnight interest amounts calculated in respect of the remaining term of 
the Securities (without compounding).  Such amount may be less than the amount that 
would have been payable on the maturity date if a Crystallisation Event had not 
occurred. 
In respect of Securities, if a Crystallisation Event has occurred due to the occurrence 
of a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, then the settlement amount or 
redemption amount that was originally payable on any scheduled payment date may be 
significantly reduced and the payment date postponed. If this occurs, a Holder of the 
Securities may lose some or all of his investment in the Securities. 
(k)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional 
disruption event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early 
redemption may be less than the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and 
without the investor’s consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to account for such additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities 
and for an amount which may be less than the investor paid for the Securities. 
Depending on the applicable Issue Terms and as further described in the Fund Linked 
Conditions, an additional disruption event may be determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
61 
Fund or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the Securities 
or the Fund (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in 
relation to its hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the Fund 
(Increased Cost of Hedging). 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount 
payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors 
should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or 
following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation to an Index, a 
Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a Futures Contract 
Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event has 
occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
5.9
Risks associated with futures contracts as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.9 is relevant to the investor if the type of 
Underlying Asset(s) (or if one of the types of Underlying Assets) to which the Securities are 
linked is a Futures Contract. In addition, the fund offering document of the relevant Fuutures 
Contract sets out further details on such Futures Contract, including its fees and charges and 
any related risks, which investors should take into account before deciding to invest in Securities 
linked to such Futures Contract. 
Futures Contracts, also referred to as futures, are standardised futures transactions linked to (i) 
financial instruments (e.g. shares, indices, interest rates, dividends or foreign currencies) – so-
called financial futures contracts – or (ii) to commodities (e.g. precious metals, wheat, or sugar) 
– so-called commodity futures contracts. 
Difference between spot and futures price 
A Futures Contract represents the contractual obligation to purchase or sell a certain quantity of 
the respective contract object on a fixed date at an agreed price. Futures Contracts are traded on 
futures exchanges and are standardised with respect to contract size, type and quality of the 
contract object, and potential places and dates of delivery. General, a close correlation exists 
between the price development of the financial instrument or commodity underlying the 
Underlying Asset and/or the Futures Contract on a spot market and the corresponding futures 
market. However, Futures Contracts are generally traded with a premium or discount compared 
to the spot price of the underlying financial instrument or commodity. This difference between 
spot and futures price, which is referred to as "basis" in futures exchange terminology, results 
on the one hand from the inclusion of costs, which usually arise during spot transactions in the 
calculation (storage, delivery, insurance, etc.), or of income usually related to spot transactions 
(interest, dividends, etc.) and on the other hand from the differing valuation of general market 
factors on the spot and futures market. Furthermore, the liquidity may significantly differ 
between the spot and the corresponding futures market depending on the financial instrument 
or commodity. Since the Securities are linked to the exchange price of the Futures Contracts 
underlying the Securities, it is advisable that the Security Holder, in addition to knowledge about 
the market for the financial instrument underlying the relevant Futures Contract or the market 
for the commodity underlying the relevant Futures Contract, also has knowledge about the 
mechanisms and valuation factors of futures transactions, since an appropriate evaluation of the 
risks related to the purchase of these Securities is possible only in this case. 
Rolling of Futures Contracts in the case of Futures Contracts  
Since any futures contract has a predetermined expiration date on which trading of the futures 
contract ceases, the respective Underlying Asset is replaced by the Issuer at a certain point in

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
62 
time determined in the Conditions by a Futures Contract, which except for an expiration date 
that is more distant in the future has the same contract specifications as the originally underlying 
Futures Contract ("Rollover"). If no Futures Contract should exist at that time with the 
underlying conditions or contract characteristics corresponding to those of the Underlying Asset 
to be replaced, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to redeem the Securities.  
The Rollover is carried out on the Rollover Date within a timeframe specified in the Conditions 
shortly before the expiration date of the current Futures Contracts. For this purpose, the Issuer 
will close out its positions entered into through respective hedging transactions regarding the 
previous Futures Contracts, the expiration date of which is imminent, on the Rollover Date and 
build up corresponding positions in respect to a Futures Contract with identical features but a 
longer term. The New Futures Contract is selected in intervals. In the case of 3-month intervals, 
for example, the Futures Contract expiring in January (the "Old Futures Contract") is replaced 
with an identical Futures Contract (the "New Futures Contract"), which expires in the 
following April.  
The Rollover Price is determined by the Issuer either based on an individual price of the 
Underlying Asset or based on average values of the prices of the Underlying Asset.  
After completion of the Rollover, the Current Strike Level and, if applicable, other relevant 
thresholds are adjusted based on the Rollover Price for the New Futures Contract pursuant to 
the scheme described above. In addition, a fee is charged to cover, amongst others, the 
transaction costs caused by the Rollover. 
In the case of a so-called "Contango" market, where the price of the next maturing Futures 
Contract into which the rolling occurs is higher than the price of the expiring Futures Contract, 
the proceeds from the closed out position are sufficient to acquire only a correspondingly 
smaller quantity of the New Futures Contract. This is correspondingly disadvantageous for a 
Security Holder of long securities. The opposite is the case in a so-called "Backwardation" 
market. The price of the next maturing Futures Contract into which the rolling occurs lies below 
the price of the expiring Futures Contract. This is correspondingly disadvantageous for a 
Security Holder of short securities.  
Security Holders should furthermore note that an exercise of the Securities with effect on a 
Rollover Date occurs based on the Rollover Price determined for the Old Futures Contract. 
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to an additional disruption 
event or a change in law. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities; and the amount the investor receives following an early redemption 
may be less than the initial investment 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and without the investor’s consent, 
either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for such additional 
disruption event or (ii) redeem the Securities and for an amount which may be less than the 
investor paid for the Securities. Depending on the applicable Issue Terms and as further 
described in the Futures Contract Linked Conditions, an additional disruption event may be 
determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially reasonable 
efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Securities or the Futures Contract or to use the 
proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the Securities or the Futures Contract (Hedging 
Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in relation to its 
hedging obligations with respect to the Securities or the Futures Contract (Increased Cost of 
Hedging). 
Similarly, upon the occurrence of a change in law, the Issuer may in its sole and absolute 
discretion (i) make such amendments or adjustments to the Conditions, or (ii) redeem the 
Futures Contract Linked Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
63 
If the Issuer redeems the Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment amount payable to the 
investors may be less than they paid for the Securities and investors should refer to risk factor 
4.5 (Following the occurrence of certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or the Original Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment 
event in relation to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or 
a Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation Event 
has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions of the Securities 
may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount) above. 
5.10
Risks associated with Securities linked to the credit of a reference entity or reference 
entities 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.10 is relevant to the investor if the 
Securities are linked credit risk on one or more reference entity. 
(a)
Various unpredictable factors may affect the Securities linked to the credit of a 
reference entity or reference entities
The Issuer may issue Instruments and Notes ("Credit Linked Securities") where the 
amount payable is dependent upon whether certain events ("Credit Events") have 
occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if so, on the value of certain 
specified obligations of such Reference Entity/Entities. Holders should therefore note 
that an investment in Credit Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to 
those associated with investments in a conventional debt security. Holders should note 
that Credit Linked Securities differ from ordinary debt securities issued by the Issuer 
in that the amount of principal and interest payable by the Issuer is dependent on 
whether a Credit Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Reference Entity/ies. 
Credit Linked Securities are securities in respect of which the Issuer has effectively 
bought credit protection in relation to one or more obligations issued or incurred by 
Reference Entities from the Holders. Payments to be made to Holders of such Credit 
Linked Securities or (in the case of Credit Linked Securities that provide for physical 
delivery) the Issuer's obligation to deliver certain specified obligations, will depend on 
the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entities. 
Accordingly, the holders of Credit Linked Securities will be exposed to the credit risk 
of one or more Reference Entities (being, in general terms, the risk that a given entity 
does not perform its financial obligations when due or becomes insolvent), which 
exposure may be to the full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Securities. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the events comprising a Credit Event with respect to 
any Reference Entity, the Holders may suffer significant losses. Credit Events may also 
occur in the absence of a default, for example, as a result of a restructuring of 
indebtedness or the implementation of resolution or recovery proceedings with respect 
to a Reference Entity. Holders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if 
the obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is 
prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. Certain Credit Events may 
occur even in the absence of a deterioration in the financial condition or 
creditworthiness of a Reference Entity. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
in relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the 
Credit Linked Securities at a reduced redemption amount or at zero, and, (if applicable) 
in a reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated, which reduction may be 
to zero. Where Physical Settlement applies in respect of a Credit Linked Security, the 
occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Credit Linked 
Securities by delivery (or, in certain circumstances, valuation) of certain direct or 
indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to 
have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
64 
Accordingly, investors in Credit Linked Securities are exposed, in respect of both 
principal and (if applicable) interest, to the credit risk of the Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities. The maximum loss an investor in Credit Linked Securities may 
sustain is 100 per cent. of their initial investment, together with (if applicable) any 
interest amounts. 
(b)
Correlated Credit Risks 
In purchasing Credit Linked Securities, investors assume credit exposure to both the 
specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities and the Issuer of the Credit Linked 
Securities. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the specified 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities are concentrated in the same industry sector or 
geographic area as the Issuer. In the case of Credit Linked Securities linked to more 
than one Reference Entity, the risks of default of such Reference Entities may be highly 
correlated. 
(c)
The occurrence of a Credit Event may have a negative effect on the Securities 
Holders of Credit Linked Securities may suffer a loss of some or all of the redemption 
amount and any interest amount in respect of the Credit Linked Securities in respect of 
one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the 
Credit Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Neither the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any 
responsibility to inform any Holder or avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event 
that has taken place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. 
(d)
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities are associated with increased credit risk 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, the 
Credit Linked Securities will be subject to redemption in full as described above upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity. The credit risk 
to Holders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference 
Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the 
Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
(e)
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Linked Securities 
The credit risk to Holders of Basket Credit Linked Securities may be increased as a 
result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or 
geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks. 
(f)
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or 
transfer of indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities.  
Holders of the Credit Linked Securities should be aware that the Reference Entities to 
which the value of the Credit Linked Securities is exposed, and the terms of such 
exposure, may change over the term of the Credit Linked Securities. Where a successor 
Reference Entity is identified, the risks associated with such successor may be greater 
than the risks associated with the original Reference Entity, resulting in an increased 
likelihood that a Credit Event will occur and accordingly, an increased risk that Holders 
may lose some or all of their investment. 
(g)
The suspension of obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
In certain circumstances (for example, where a Credit Event has occurred and the 
related credit loss has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, or, if 
applicable, where a potential Credit Event exists as at the scheduled maturity of the 
Credit Linked Securities), Holders may be adversely affected where payment of the 
redemption amount and/or interest on the Credit Linked Securities is deferred for a

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
65 
material period in whole or part without compensation to the Holders of the Credit 
Linked Securities. 
(h)
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Holders 
Where Credit Linked Securities are redeemed or settled by reference to a market 
auction process, the losses determined pursuant to such market auction process may be 
greater than the losses which would have been determined had an alternative settlement 
method been used. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical 
factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of 
actual or attempted manipulation. Where this is the case, Holders of Credit Linked 
Securities may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit 
Linked Securities than would otherwise be the case. 
(i)
Risks associated with Physically Settled Securities 
In the case of Credit Linked Securities that provide for physical delivery, Holders will 
only obtain a direct investment in the relevant assets and have a right to participate in 
any voting, dividends, distributions or other rights of the relevant assets, as the case 
may be, upon delivery of the relevant assets. Holders Credit Linked Securities are 
exposed to the risk that the market value of the relevant assets is less than the market 
value of the Securities and Holders may not subsequently be able to realise any cash 
value from the assets comprising the relevant assets. 
(j)
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Holders 
If the Credit Linked Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of 
selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained will be "bid-
side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the 
relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations 
may be substantially reduced or may vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the 
relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected 
Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers).  
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of 
the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the 
present value of related cashflows. Quotations will be deemed to be zero in the event 
that no such quotations are available. Accordingly, Holders may receive a lower 
amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Securities than would 
otherwise be the case. In relation to the risks applicable to physical settlement, investors 
should also note the section entitled "Risks associated with Physically Settled Credit 
Linked Securities" above. 
(k)
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection in respect of the Credit Linked Securities has 
discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations and/or assets to be valued or delivered 
following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that the portfolio 
of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity and/or 
assets with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the 
terms of the Credit Linked Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and 
hence greater losses for investors in the Credit Linked Securities. 
(l)
Risks related to the interpretation and operation of terms 
The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how the terms 
of market standard credit default swaps, and the corresponding terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities, should be interpreted, or such terms may operate in a manner 
contrary to the expectations of market participants and/or adversely to the interests of 
Holders of the Credit Linked Securities. The market value or return on the Credit

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
66 
Linked Securities may therefore be less than an investor expects to receive at the point 
at which they purchase the Credit Linked Securities. 
(m)
Asset Package Delivery risks 
In certain circumstances where (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and 
"Governmental Intervention" apply in respect of a Reference Entity and (i) there is a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect 
of the Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a 
Sovereign, then a related asset package resulting from a prior deliverable obligation 
(where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" apply) or package observable bond (where 
the Reference Entity is a sovereign) may be deliverable. 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, 
the negative impact on Holders could be a related credit loss borne by Holders of 100 
per cent. of their investment notwithstanding the recovery value on any other 
obligations of the Reference Entity. 
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial 
instrument, the value of such asset will be the market value determined by reference to 
a specialist valuation or in accordance with methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees, which valuation may result in losses to be 
borne by Holders which may be greater than the losses which would have been 
determined in the absence of such valuation methodology being used. Accordingly, 
Holders may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked 
Securities than would otherwise be the case if an alternative settlement method were 
used. 
(n)
Increased risks of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities or where a specified Final 
Price is applicable 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities, if a 
Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, investors will automatically lose 
an amount in principal or notional amount of the Credit Linked Security equal to the 
portion of the Credit Linked Security which is allocated to the credit risk of the affected 
Reference Entity, regardless of any recoveries on any obligations of the Reference 
Entity which would have been determined in the absence of the "Zero Recovery" 
feature. Likewise, if the Final Price is specified in the Issue Terms in relation to Credit 
Linked Securities, such fixed Final Price may be lower (and may be significantly 
lower) than the recovery which an investor in bonds or instruments issued by such 
Reference Entity would receive. 
(o)
Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to 
the Holders and have the ability to make determinations that may have a material 
adverse on effect the Holders, such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession 
Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to make 
determinations without action or knowledge of the Holders. 
The powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or 
modified as a result of amendments to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules. Holders may have no role in the composition of any Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and may have no recourse against either the 
institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external 
reviewers. 
(p)
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Linked Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change 
in the prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
67 
hedging transaction, modify the terms of the Credit Linked Securities to the extent 
reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms 
or market trading conventions, without the consent of Holders or prior notice to 
Holders. The Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications. If the 
Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Credit Linked Securities, it will do so 
without regard to the interests of the holders of the Credit Linked Securities and any 
such modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Credit Linked 
Securities in that such a modification may adversely affect the market value of the 
Credit Linked Securities or the amount which a Holder would be entitled to receive on 
redemption or settlement of the Credit Linked Securities. 
(q)
The Securities may be adjusted or redeemed prior to maturity due to the occurrence 
of an additional disruption event. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Securities; and the amount the 
investor receives following an early redemption may be less than the initial 
investment. 
Upon the occurrence of an additional disruption event (i.e. a Change in Law, Hedging 
Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging), the Issuer may, in its discretion and 
without the investor’s consent, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Linked Securities to account for such additional disruption event or (ii) redeem the 
Credit Linked Securities and for an amount which may be less than the investor paid 
for the Securities. Depending on the applicable Issue Terms and as further described in 
the Credit Linked Securities Conditions, an additional disruption event may be 
determined in the following events: 
-
The Issuer, upon a change in law, incurs materially increased costs in 
performing its obligations under the Credit Linked Securities (Change in Law). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is unable after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hedge the market risk in relation to the Credit Linked 
Securities or to use the proceeds of any hedging positions in relation to the 
Credit Linked Securities (Hedging Disruption). 
-
The Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity incurs materially increased costs in 
relation to its hedging obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities 
(Increased Cost of Hedging). 
If the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Securities, the non-scheduled early repayment 
amount payable to the investors may be less than they paid for the Credit Linked 
Securities and investors should refer to risk factor 4.5 (Following the occurrence of 
certain extraordinary events in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or the Original 
Primary Rate(s), or following the occurrence of an index adjustment event in relation 
to an Index, a Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity Reference Price or a 
Futures Contract Reference Price or a Potential Adjustment Event or a Crystallisation 
Event has occurred in relation to a Fund, as the case may be, the terms and conditions 
of the Securities may be adjusted or the Securities may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount) above. 
5.11
Risks associated with baskets comprised of various constituents as Underlying Assets 
The description of the risk factors in this risk factor 5.10 is relevant to the investor if the 
Securities are linked to a basket of Underlying Assets, in addition to the risks in relation to each 
particular type of Underlying Asset in the basket as described above. 
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of a basket of Underlying Assets 
If the Securities are linked to a basket of Underlying Assets, the investor is exposed to the 
performance of such basket and bear the risk that such performance cannot be predicted and is 
determined by macroeconomic factors relating to the constituents that comprise such basket, all 
as described above in relation to each particular type of Underlying Asset.

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
68 
In addition, the investor should be aware of the following: 

Lesser number of basket constituents: The performance of a basket that includes a 
fewer number of basket constituents will be more affected by changes in the value of 
any particular basket constituent than that of a basket that includes a greater number 
of basket constituents.  

Unequal weighting of basket constituents: The performance of a basket that gives 
greater weight to some basket constituents will be more affected by changes in the 
value of any such particular basket constituent than a basket that gives relatively 
equal weight to each basket constituent.  

High correlation of basket constituents could have a significant effect on amounts 
payable: Correlation of the basket constituents measures the level of interdependence 
among the individual basket constituents with respect to their performance. Correlation 
has a value ranging from "–1" to "+1", whereby a correlation of "+1", i.e. a high 
positive correlation, means that the performance of the basket constituents always 
moves in the same direction. A correlation of "–1", i.e. a high negative correlation, 
means that the performance of the basket constituents is always diametrically opposed. 
A correlation of "0" indicates that it is not possible to make a statement on the 
relationship between the basket constituents. If, for example, all of the basket 
constituents are shares which originate from the same sector and the same country, a 
high positive correlation may be assumed. Correlation may fall however, for example 
when the company whose shares are included in the basket are engaged in intense 
competition for market shares and the same markets. Where the Securities are subject 
to high correlation, any move in the performance of the basket constituents will 
exaggerate the performance of the Securities. 

Negative performance of a basket constituent may outweigh a positive performance 
of one or more basket constituents: Even in the case of a positive performance of 
one or more basket constituents, the performance of the basket as a whole may be 
negative if the performance of the other basket constituents is negative to a greater 
extent. 
6.
Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of 
Securities  
The various roles and trading activities of Marex Financial could create conflicts of interest 
between the investors and the Issuer. 
6.1
Trading and investment activities of Marex Financial for its own account or for its clients 
could negatively impact investors in the Securities 
Marex Financial acts as a broker, trader, research provider and market maker. In those and other 
capacities, Marex Financial purchases, sells or holds a broad array of investments, actively 
trades securities, derivatives, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps, indices, baskets and 
other financial instruments and products for its own account, and will have other direct or 
indirect interests, in the global fixed income, currency, commodity, equity and other markets. 
Any of the financial market activities of Marex Financial may, individually or in the aggregate, 
have an adverse effect on the market for the Securities, and an investor should expect that the 
interests of Marex Financial or its clients or counterparties will at times be adverse to those of 
investors in the Securities. 
Marex Financial regularly offers a wide array of securities, financial instruments and other 
products into the marketplace, including existing or new products that are similar to the 
Securities, or similar or linked to the Underlying Asset(s). Investors in the Securities should 
expect that Marex Financial will offer securities, financial instruments, and other products that 
will compete with the Securities for liquidity, research coverage or otherwise. See also risk 
factor 3.6 (Potential conflicts of interest) above.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
69 
7.
Risks associated with taxation 
7.1
Tax laws may change and this may have a negative impact on the Securities 
Tax law and practice is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect and this could 
adversely affect the value of the Securities to the investor and/or their market value generally. 
Any such change may (i) cause the tax treatment of the relevant Securities to change from what 
the investor understood the position to be at the time of purchase; (ii) render the statements in 
this document concerning relevant tax law and practice in relation to the Securities inaccurate 
or inapplicable in some or all respects to certain Securities or have the effect that this document 
does not include material tax considerations in relation to certain Securities; or (iii) give the 
Issuer the right to redeem the Securities early, if such change has the effect that (a) the Issuer’s 
performance under the Securities or (b) the Issuer’s hedging transaction relating to the Securities 
is unlawful  or impracticable (see risk factor 3.1 (The Securities may be redeemed prior to 
maturity due to a change in law event, and the investor may lose some or all of the investment)).  
7.2
Payments on Securities that reference United States equities may be subject to United 
States withholding tax 
Securities that directly or indirectly reference the performance of United States equities 
(including an index or basket that includes United States equities) may be subject to withholding 
tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
Prospective holders of such Securities should consult the discussion below under "Taxation – 
United States Tax Considerations – Dividend Equivalent Payments" for further information.

--- Page 69 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
70 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This document should be read and construed in conjunction with each supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Marex Financial files documents and information with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"). The following documents, which Marex Financial has filed with the CSSF, are 
hereby incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus:  
(a)
Annual Report and Financial Statements of Marex Financial (formerly known as Marex 
Financial Limited) for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "Annual Report 2021") 
(accessible 
on 
https://marex-website-media-
content.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2022/04/Marex-Financial-FY-2021-Annual-Report-and-
Financial-Statments.pdf); 
(b)
Annual Report and Financial Statements of Marex Financial (formerly known as Marex 
Financial Limited) for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "Annual Report 2020") 
(accessible 
on 
https://70a633ca-193b-47dd-be9f-
610b2e5e514e.filesusr.com/ugd/ad3e08_49eb31a66a4e474186c0007ac815a1f1.pdf); 
(c)
Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme for the Issuance of Warrants, Notes and 
Certificates of Marex Financial dated 30 September 2021 (the "Base Prospectus 2021") 
(accessible 
on 
https://solutions-website-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/sites/2/2021/12/210930_Marex-Financial_Base-
Prospectus_5th-subm-version.pdf); 
(d)
Prospectus Supplement to the Base Prospectus 2021 in relation to each Final Terms listed in the 
schedule (the "Supplement dated 29 September 2022") (accessible on https://solutions-
website-media.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/220929_Marex-
Financial_Supplement_FTs_final.pdf). 
Cross-Reference List 
Information in the 
Financial Statements 
Annual Report 2021 
Annual Report 2020 
Independent Auditor’s 
Report 
pp. 27-30 
pp. 34-38 
Income Statement 
p. 31 
p. 39 
Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 31 
p. 39 
Statements of Financial 
Position 
pp. 32-33 
pp. 40-41 
Statement of the Changes 
in Equity and Movements 
in Reserves 
p. 34 
p. 42 
Cash Flow Statement 
pp. 35-36 
pp. 43-44 
Notes to the Financial 
Statements 
pp. 37-104 
pp. 45-112 
Any information contained in the documents referred to above which is not listed in the cross-reference 
list above and, therefore not incorporated by reference, is either not relevant for investors of the Securities 
or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 70 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
71 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus further refers to the Base 
Prospectus 2021, from which the following information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus: 
Section of the Base Prospectus 
2021
Pages of the Base Prospectus 
2021 included
Section / Pages in the Base 
Prospectus
- Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
- Form of Final Terms 
(Instruments) 
- Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
- Form of Pricing Supplement 
(Instruments) 
- Form of Pricing Supplement 
(Notes)
Pages 60 – 395 
Pages 396 – 492 
Pages 493 – 582 
Pages 583 – 660 
Pages 661 - 739
Securities with offer periods 
continuing beyond the validity 
of the Base Prospectus dated 
30 September 2021 and 
increases of the issue size of a 
Series of Securities / page 
Error! Bookmark not defined.
(including Securities for which 
the offer period has been 
extended via the Supplement 
dated 29 September 2022) 
To the extent that reference is made only to certain sections/pages of a document, only the information 
contained in those information contained in these sections is part of the Base Prospectus, while the other 
information contained in the relevant document is either not relevant for the investor or is already 
contained elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Contents of General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
1. 
Introduction 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
3. 
Form 
4. 
Title 
5. 
Transfers 
6. 
Status of the Instruments  
7. 
Exercise Rights 
8. 
Exercise Procedure and Payments 
9. 
Calculations, Determinations and Adjustments by the Calculation Agent 
10. 
Limits on the Number of Instruments Exercisable 
11. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions 
12. 
Floating Rate Instrument Conditions 
13 
Change of Interest Basis 
14 
Consequences of an FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event 
15 
Automatic Early Exercise 
16. 
Optional Early Redemption 
17. 
Redemption 
following 
an 
Original 
Primary 
Rate 
Cessation 
Date 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
18. 
Change in law 
19. 
Purchase by the Issuer 
20. 
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent 
21. 
Further Issues 
22. 
Notices 
23. 
Modification, Waiver and Acknowledgement, Meetings of Holders 
24. 
Currency Indemnity 
25. 
Rounding 
26. 
Substitution 
27. 
Prescription 
28. 
Taxation

--- Page 72 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
73 
29. 
Governing Law 
30. 
Jurisdiction 
31. 
Third Party Rights 
32. 
Events of Default 
The following is the text of the general terms and conditions of the Instruments (the "General Instrument 
Conditions") which, as set forth in General Instrument Condition 1(c) below, together with the Payout 
Conditions, the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any), the applicable Autocall Payout 
Conditions (if any), the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions (if any) and as completed by the relevant 
Issue Terms for the particular Tranche (or Tranches) of Instruments, comprise the Terms and 
Conditions of such Tranche (or Tranches) of Instruments. The Terms and Conditions of each Tranche of 
Instruments are incorporated by reference into each Global Instrument (if any) representing such 
Tranche. The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any series of Exempt Securities may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
General Instrument Conditions (and/or the applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable 
Underlying Asset Conditions), replace or modify the General Instrument Conditions (and/or the 
applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions) for the purpose of 
such Exempt Securities. References in the Conditions to "Securities" are to the Securities of one Series 
only, not to all Securities that may be issued under the Programme.   
In the case of (i) an increase of the issue size of a Series of Instruments issued under the Base Prospectus 
2021 and/or (ii) a continuation of an offer of a Series of Instruments issued under the Base Prospectus 
2021 the relevant information under "General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" of the Base 
Prospectus 2021 (as supplemented) which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
under "Documents Incorporated by Reference") will apply. 
1.
Introduction 
(a)
Programme: Marex Financial ("Marex Financial" or the "Issuer") has established the 
programme for the issuance of notes, warrants and certificates (the "Programme"). 
Prior to the Programme Agent Effective Date, the Issuer will not issue any Instruments 
other than Monte Titoli Registered Instruments. 
(b)
Programme Agency Agreement: On any date following the Programme Agent Effective 
Date, the warrants (the "Warrants") and the certificates (the "Certificates", and 
together with the Warrants, the "Instruments") are (in the case of Instruments cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) issued pursuant to a programme 
agency agreement dated as of the Programme Agent Effective Date (the "Programme 
Agency Agreement"), which expression shall include any amendments or 
supplements thereto or replacements thereof under the Programme from time to time) 
between, among others, the Issuer, the principal programme agent in respect of the 
Instruments cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Principal Programme Agent", which expression shall include any successor or 
substitute principal programme agent appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agency Agreement, and together with any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agency Agreement in respect of 
Instruments cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Paying 
Agent(s)"),) and Marex Financial, in its capacity as calculation agent in respect of the 
Instruments cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such other 
entity appointed as calculation agent in respect of the Instruments cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Calculation Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agency Agreement). References herein to the "Agents" are to the 
Paying Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. Holders (as 
defined in General Instrument Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation)) are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions (including the form of Exercise Notice

--- Page 73 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
74 
referred to in General Instrument Condition 8 (Exercise Procedure)) of the Programme 
Agency Agreement.  In the case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, these will be 
issued pursuant to documentation applicable to the relevant clearing system and, 
accordingly, for the purpose of such Instruments, all references in these General 
Instrument Conditions to the "Programme Agency Agreement" shall be read as 
referring to the programme memorandum signed by the Issuer for identification on or 
about the date of this Base Prospectus and made available to Holders on request. Prior 
to the Programme Agent Effective Date, references in these General Instrument 
Conditions to the "Calculation Agent" should be read as references to the Issuer 
undertaking the responsibilities of the calculation agent in respect of the Monte Titoli 
Registered Instruments and any references to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent taking 
action with respect to the other should be read accordingly. 
(c)
Terms and Conditions: The terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions" or the 
"Conditions") of the Instruments comprise the following:  
these General Instrument Conditions; 
the Payout Conditions (the "Payout Conditions"); 
the Coupon Payout Conditions (the "Coupon Payout Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the Autocall Payout Conditions (the "Autocall Payout Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the Underlying Asset Conditions (the "Underlying Asset Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In relation to: 
Share Linked Instruments, the Share Linked Conditions (the "Share 
Linked Conditions") shall apply; 
Index Linked Instruments, the Index Linked Conditions (the "Index 
Linked Conditions") shall apply; 
Commodity 
Linked 
Instruments, 
the 
Commodity 
Linked 
Conditions (the "Commodity Linked Conditions") shall apply;  
FX Linked Instruments, the FX Linked Conditions (the "FX Linked 
Conditions") shall apply; 
Fund Linked Instruments, the Fund Linked Conditions (the "Fund 
Linked Conditions") shall apply; 
Futures Contract Linked Instruments, the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions (the "Futures Contract Linked Conditions") shall 
apply;  
Credit Linked Instruments, the Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
(the "Credit Linked Securities Conditions") shall apply; and 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments, the Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Conditions (the "Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions") 
shall apply; and 
in the case of each of (i)−(v), subject to completion of the issue specific terms by the 
relevant Issue Terms in relation to the Instruments. 
In the event of any inconsistency (other than in the case of Credit Linked Instruments) 
between any of the General Instrument Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions, 
the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions, the applicable Autocall Payout Conditions,

--- Page 74 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
75 
the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the 
prevailing term will be determined in accordance with the following order of priority 
(where 1. prevails over the other terms): 
1. 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
2. 
the applicable Payout Conditions; 
3. 
the applicable Autocall Payout Conditions (if any); 
4. 
the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any); 
5. 
the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions (if any); and 
6. 
General Instrument Conditions, 
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything 
else in these Terms and Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall 
prevail over any inconsistent term in any other part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments. 
In case of Credit Linked Instruments, in the event of any inconsistency between any of 
the General Instrument Conditions,  the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions, the 
applicable the Credit Linked Securities Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the 
prevailing term will be determined in accordance with the following order of priority 
(where 1. prevails over the other terms): 
1.            the relevant Issue Terms; 
2.            the Credit Linked Securities Conditions; and 
3.            the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any);  
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything else in 
these Terms and Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall prevail over any 
inconsistent term in any other part of the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments. 
(d)
Issue Terms: Instruments issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a 
"Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, 
a "Tranche") of Instruments. One or more Tranches of Instruments will be the subject 
of an issue terms (each, an "Issue Terms"), a copy of which may be obtained free of 
charge from the Specified Office of the relevant Paying Agent. References to the 
"relevant Issue Terms" or the "applicable Issue Terms" or "the Issue Terms" in 
relation to any Instruments means the particular Issue Terms prepared in respect of 
such Instruments. The Issue Terms shall comprise either (a) where the Securities are a 
tranche of Instruments that are not Exempt Securities, a final terms document (the 
''Final Terms'') or (b) where the Instruments are a tranche of Instruments which are 
Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement document (the ''Pricing Supplement''), 
provided that Instruments in respect of which none of the Issuer or Dealer(s) shall offer 
or apply for listing within the European Economic Area may be issued by way of Final 
Terms (at the discretion of the Issuer). In the case of Instruments in relation to which 
application has been made for listing on the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will be 
lodged with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of 
Instruments admitted to trading on the regulated markets of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("Borsa Italiana"), copies of the relevant Final Terms will be lodged with Borsa 
Italiana and will be available for viewing on the website of Borsa Italiana 
(www.borsaitaliana.it) and copies of which may be obtained free of charge from the 
Specified Office of the relevant Paying Agent. 
(e)
The Instruments: All subsequent references in these General Instrument Conditions to 
"Instruments" are to the Instruments which are the subject of the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
76 
(f)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these General Instrument Conditions are summaries 
of the Programme Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Holders of the Instruments are deemed to have notice of, and (in the case of 
Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments), are bound by, all the provisions of the Programme 
Agency Agreement. Copies of the Programme Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of 
the Agents. 
2.
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions: In these General Instrument Conditions the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre" means the place(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Adjusted Affected Payment Date" means, in respect of the occurrence of an FX 
Disruption Event or Currency Conversion Disruption Event, the Specified Day(s) 
following the day on which an FX Disruption Event or Currency Conversion 
Disruption Event ceases to exist (as determined by the Calculation Agent), unless the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date", in which 
case, "Adjusted Affected Payment Date" means the second Business Day following the 
day on which an FX Disruption Event or Currency Conversion Disruption Event ceases 
to exist (as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Adjustment Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate Event, the later of: 
the first date on which the Calculation Agent had identified a Replacement 
Primary Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread, as applicable; and 
the first to occur of: (A) the first date on which the Original Primary Rate is 
no longer available following an Original Primary Rate Cessation, or (B) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as relevant in relation to such Original 
Primary Rate Event;  
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of a Replacement Primary Rate, the 
adjustment, if any, to such Replacement Primary Rate that the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is required 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value from the Issuer to the Holders (or vice versa) as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Primary Rate with such Replacement Primary Rate. Any 
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Primary Rate by comparison to the Original Primary Rate. The Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. If 
a spread or formula or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Primary Rate with such Replacement Primary Rate, 
that spread shall apply or that formula or methodology shall be used to determine the 
Adjustment Spread (as the case may be), and such spread, formula or methodology (as 
the case may be) shall be adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that the spread, 
formula or methodology (as the case may be) is used in the context of the Instruments. 
If no spread or formula methodology has been designated, nominated or recommended, 
and the Calculation Agent is required to determine the Adjustment Spread, it shall 
consider (i) any Relevant Market Data, and (ii) the spread or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Original Primary Rate;

--- Page 76 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
77 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in respect of any Instruments and an Original 
Primary Rate, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
any of the following events in respect of such Original Primary Rate:  
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of an Original Primary 
Rate or the administrator or sponsor of an Original Primary Rate has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, 
or any prohibition by a relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Primary Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Instruments; or 
(b) 
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Original Primary 
Rate or any other means of calculating the Original Primary Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent ("Material Methodology Change Event");  
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary 
Rate, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be:  
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the Original Primary Rate may no longer be used 
under any applicable law or regulation by Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Instruments; or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", the date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the 
Original Primary Rate becomes effective, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Strike Date, the Strike Date;  
"Affected Payment Cut-off Date" means the Specified Day(s) following the FX 
Disruption Event Cut-off Date, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default 
Affected Payment Cut-off Date", in which case, "Affected Payment Cut-off Date" 
means the second Business Day following the FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date; 
"Affected Payment Date" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 
14.1(a) (Postponement or Payment in USD); 
"Agent" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) (Programme 
Agency Agreement); 
"Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate" means, in respect of an Original 
Primary Rate, any index, benchmark or other price source which is formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by:  
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Original Primary Rate, provided that such 
index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the 
Original Primary Rate, 
in each case, to replace such Original Primary Rate. If a replacement index, 
benchmark or other price source is designated, nominated or recommended 
under both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, then the replacement index, 
benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or recommended 
under paragraph (i) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate;

--- Page 77 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
78 
"American Style Instruments" means Instruments that are exercisable on any 
Business Day during the Exercise Period, subject to prior termination of the 
Instruments as provided in General Instrument Condition 18 (Change in law);  
"Applicable Date" means each Autocall Observation Date or other date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"applicable law" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 18 (Change 
in law); 
"Assumption" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 26 
(Substitution); 
"Autocall Event" has the meaning given in the Autocall Payout Conditions; 
"Autocall Event Amount" has the meaning given in the Autocall Payout Conditions; 
"Automatic Early Exercise Amount" means, in respect of any Applicable Date, the 
Autocall Event Amount or such other amount as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means:  
in respect of any Applicable Date, (a) such date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be an 
Automatic Early Exercise Date scheduled to fall immediately after such 
Applicable Date (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), 
provided that, if the relevant Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Exercise Date in respect 
of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period 
Business Days after such Applicable Date or (b) the date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the day falling the number of Business Day(s) after 
such Applicable Date; 
in respect of Share Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date −Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Automatic Early Exercise Date" has the meaning ascribed to 
it in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions); 
in respect of Index Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date −Index Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Automatic Early Exercise Date" has the meaning ascribed to 
it in Index Linked Condition 7 (Definitions); 
in respect of Commodity Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Automatic Early Exercise Date −Commodity Linked Condition 7 
(General Definitions))" to be applicable, "Automatic Early Exercise Date" has 
the meaning ascribed to it in Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General 
Definitions); and 
in respect of Fund Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date – Fund Linked Condition 8 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Automatic Early Exercise Date" has the meaning ascribed to 
it in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Definitions),  
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Automatic Early Exercise Date – Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8 (Definitions)" to be applicable, "Automatic Early Exercise Date" 
has the meaning ascribed to it in Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions);

--- Page 78 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
79 
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"First Automatic Early Exercise Date Specific Adjustment" to be 
applicable, in which case, Automatic Early Exercise Date shall be, in 
respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Applicable Date or the 
date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be an Automatic Early 
Exercise Date scheduled to fall immediately after such Applicable 
Date (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), or, if 
later, the later to occur of (a) the Automatic Early Exercise Specified 
Day(s) following the Scheduled Applicable Date or the Relevant 
Automatic Early Exercise Determination Date (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) corresponding to such Scheduled Automatic 
Early Exercise Date, and (b) the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement 
Period Business Days after the Relevant Automatic Early Exercise 
Determination Date; or 
"Second Automatic Early Exercise Date Specific Adjustment" to 
be applicable, in which case, the Automatic Early Exercise Date shall 
be, in respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Applicable Date (each, a 
"Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), or, if later, the day 
falling the number of Automatic Early Exercise Specified Day(s) 
after the Relevant Automatic Early Exercise Determination Date.  
"Automatic Early Exercise Event" means, in respect of any Applicable Date, (and an 
Automatic Early Exercise Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such 
Applicable Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has 
occurred on such Applicable Date; 
"Automatic Early Exercise Specified Day(s)" means, in respect of an Applicable 
Date corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date, such number of 
Business Day(s), Clearing System Business Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Applicable Date; 
"Benchmark Regulation" means: 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (as may be amended from time to time), including any subsidiary 
legislation or rules and regulations and associated guidance implemented in 
the European Union from time to time (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"); 
or 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, and regulations made thereunder, 
including any subsidiary legislation or rules and regulations and associated 
guidance implemented in the United Kingdom from time to time (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation"), 
as applicable in respect of the Instruments."; 
"Bermudan Style Instruments" means Instruments that are exercisable only on the 
Specified Exercise Dates during the Exercise Period and on the Expiration Date;

--- Page 79 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
80 
"Bloomberg Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any designated page, the 
display page so designated on the Bloomberg® service (or such other page as may 
replace that page on that service (or replace such services) for the purpose of displaying 
a rate comparable to such Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Business Day" means (unless otherwise defined in the Coupon Payout Conditions or 
the Payout Conditions, as applicable):  
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre;  
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre, provided 
that if the Additional Business Centre is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
to be or to include TARGET, then a Business Day shall also be a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
in the case of Instruments held or to be held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, a day on which Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
the case may be) is open for business;  
in the case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, a day on which the 
Relevant Settlement System is open for business, 
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Business 
Day" to be applicable, in which case "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre, 
provided that if the Additional Business Centre is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be or to include TARGET, then a day which is also a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention" means, in relation to any relevant date referred to in the 
Conditions which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day, and if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms is: 
"Following Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day;  
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business 
Day Convention" (in the case of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments), the 
relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;  
"Nearest", the relevant date shall be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day, if the relevant date would otherwise fall on a day other than a Sunday or 
a Monday, and will be the first following day that is a Business Day, if the 
relevant date would otherwise fall on a Sunday or a Monday;  
"Preceding Business Day Convention", the relevant date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 80 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
81 
"Floating Rate Convention", each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that: 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be 
the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which 
is the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
"No Adjustment", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) 
(Programme Agency Agreement); 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Calculation Period" has the meaning given in the definition of "Day Count Fraction"; 
"Call Option Effective Date" means, in respect of each Instrument redeemed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of General Instrument Condition 16 (Optional 
Early Redemption), the later of the date specified as the "Call Option Effective Date" 
in the Call Option Notice and the first Business Day after the Call Option Notice Date, 
or if such "Call Option Effective Date" is not specified in the Call Option Notice, the 
first Business Day after the Call Option Notice Date.  
"Call Option Notice Date" means: 
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or the number of 
Business Days preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) that is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, with 
respect to an Optional Redemption Date (Call) specified in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call)", each date set forth in the Optional Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Call Option Notice Date(s)" in the row corresponding to such 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) or the number of Business Days preceding 
such Optional Redemption Date (Call) that is specified in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call Option Notice Date(s)" in the 
row corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
provided that if "Call Option Notice Date Adjustment" is specified to apply in 
the relevant Issue Terms, then each Call Option Notice Date shall be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Underlying Asset 
Conditions as if such date were a Valuation Date and the date on which such 
Call Option Notice Date is scheduled to fall prior to any adjustment under the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions were a Scheduled Valuation Date;

--- Page 81 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
82 
"Cash Settlement" means if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, cash payment of the 
Settlement Amount;  
"Certificates" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) 
(Programme Agency Agreement); 
"Clearing System" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli or such 
other clearing system as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 11(a)(iv) (Record Date); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Closing Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; 
"Closing Value" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Commodity Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Commodity Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(c) (Terms and 
Conditions); 
"Credit Linked Securities Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Credit Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" has the meaning given in FX Linked 
Condition 4 (Definitions). 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate and: 
an Original Primary Rate Cessation , the later of (a) the date that falls the 
number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if not so 
specified, the 30th Business Day) following the occurrence of such Original 
Primary Rate Cessation, and (b) the first day on which the Original Primary 
Rate is no longer available following such Original Primary Rate Cessation; 
or  
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) the date that falls the 
number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if not so 
specified, the 30th Business Day) following the occurrence of such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, and (b) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date;  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the 
Conditions or the relevant Issue Terms and: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and

--- Page 82 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
83 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(2)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ൣ360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)]൧
360
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ൣ360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)]൧
360
Where:

--- Page 83 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
84 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"Deliverable Assets" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions;  
"Eligible Financial Institution" means a financial institution organised under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in the United States of America, the United Kingdom or the 
European Union; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended); 
"euro", "EUR" or "€" means the lawful single currency of the member states of the 
European Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency 
through monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended 
from time to time); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Holder" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 4(a) (Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments); 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments" means Instruments that are cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg;  
"European Style Instruments" means Instruments that are exercisable only on the 
Expiration Date or if that is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, 
subject to prior termination of the Instruments as provided in General Instrument 
Condition 18 (Change in law); 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
"Event of Default" means any of the events described in General Instrunt 
Condition 32(a) (Events of Default); 
"Exempt Securities'' means Instruments for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under EU Prospectus Regulation and regulations made thereunder, as 
applicable (or in respect of which a separate prospectus other than the Base Prospectus 
under the Programme will be published under the applicable regulation); 
"Exercise Date" means, in respect of any Instrument, subject to General Instrument 
Condition 10(b) (Maximum Exercise Number) (if applicable), the day on which an 
Exercise Notice relating to that Instrument is delivered in accordance with:  
the provisions of General Instrument Condition 8(a) (Exercise Notice – 
Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only), provided that:

--- Page 84 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
85 
if the Exercise Notice is delivered (1) on any day which is not a 
Business Day or (2) (x) after 10.00 a.m. (or, if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, such other Specified Exercise Time) (Brussels 
or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) on any Business Day or (y) 
if a Local Exercise Place is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
after 10.00 a.m. (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
other Specified Exercise Time) in the Local Exercise Place on any 
Business Day, then, in either case (1) or (2), the Exercise Date shall 
be the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; and  
subject to General Instrument Condition 7(b) (European Style 
Exercise) (if applicable) or General Instrument Condition 7(c) 
(Bermudan Style Exercise) (if applicable), the Exercise Date may not 
be later than the Expiration Date; or  
the provisions of General Instrument Condition 8(b) (Exercise Notice –Monte 
Titoli Registered Instruments), provided that:  
if the Exercise Notice is delivered (1) on any day which is not a 
Business Day or (2) after 10.00 a.m. (or, if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, such other Specified Exercise Time) (Milan time) on 
any Business Day, then, in either such case, the Exercise Date shall 
be the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; and  
subject to General Instrument Condition 7(b) (European Style 
Exercise) (if applicable) or General Instrument Condition 7(c) 
(Bermudan Style Exercise) (if applicable), the Exercise Date may not 
be later than the Expiration Date; 
"Exercise Notice" means in respect of Instruments an exercise notice in the form set 
out in the Programme Agency Agreement (in the case of Euroclear/Clearstream 
Instruments) and/or in the form in Annex 1 to this General Instrument Conditions (in 
the case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments)  (copies of which may be obtained 
from Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Paying Agents);  
"Exercise Period" means the period beginning on (and including) such date as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and ending on (and including) the Expiration 
Date;  
"Expenses" means all expenses, costs, charges, tax, duties, withholding or other 
payments, including, without limitation, all stamp, issue, registration or securities 
transfer or other similar taxes or duties or other governmental charges;  
"Expiration Date" means the Final Reference Date, the Final Pricing Date, the Last 
Averaging Date, the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date, or any other date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Expiration 
Date is Business Day Adjusted" to be applicable, if such date is not a Business Day, 
the next succeeding Business Day; 
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(d) (Issue 
Terms); 
"first currency" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 24 (Currency 
Indemnity); 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period;

--- Page 85 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
86 
"Fixed Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Instruments or 
such other date as may be specified as the Fixed Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Floating Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Instruments or 
such other date as may be specified as the Floating Interest Commencement Date in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Fractional Cash Amount" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions; 
"Fractional Entitlement" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions; 
"Fund" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; 
"Fund Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Fund Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Fund Reference Price" has the meaning given to it in the Fund Linked Conditions; 
"Futures Contract" has the meaning given in the Futures Contract Linked Conditions; 
"Futures Contract Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Futures Contract Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Futures Reference Price" has the meaning given to it in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions; 
"FX Disruption Event" has the meaning given in FX Linked Condition 4 
(Definitions); 
"FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date" means the Specified Day(s) following the 
original date on which the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date 
on which amounts are payable under the Instruments by the Issuer, as applicable, was 
scheduled to fall, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default FX Disruption Event 
Cut-off Date", in which case, "FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date" means the fifteenth 
Business Day following the original date on which the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
Maturity Date or other date on which amounts are payable under the Instruments by 
the Issuer, as applicable, was scheduled to fall; 
"FX Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"FX Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"Global Instrument" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 3(a) 
(Form); 
"Hedge Positions" means any one or more securities positions, derivatives positions 
or other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered 
into or maintained by the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, in order to hedge, or otherwise 
in connection with, the Instruments including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such 
positions in respect of the relevant Deliverable Assets in respect of the Instruments; 
"Holder" means a Euroclear/Clearstream Holder or a Monte Titoli Holder, as the case 
may be;

--- Page 86 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
87 
"In-the-Money" means that the Calculation Agent determines that the Closing Value 
of an Underlying Asset is greater than the Strike Price; 
"Index Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Index Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Instruments" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) 
(Programme Agreement);  
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of a period or an Interest Payment Date and each 
Instrument, the amount of interest payable for such period or on such Interest Payment 
Date as determined or calculated in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Interest Basis" means any of Fixed Coupon, Floating Coupon or Conditional Coupon, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Fixed Interest Commencement Date or 
the Floating Interest Commencement Date (as applicable); 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of the Reference Rate for any 
relevant day, such relevant day or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such number 
of Rate Business Days prior to such relevant day as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Interest Period" means the period commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date and 
each period commencing on (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date, and, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that the Interest Periods, or particular Interest Periods shall be (i) "Adjusted", 
then each Interest Period shall commence on or end on, as the case may be, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date after all applicable adjustments to such Interest Payment Date 
pursuant to the Conditions, or (ii) "Unadjusted", then each Interest Period shall 
commence on or end on, as the case may be, the date on which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date is scheduled to fall, disregarding all applicable adjustments to such 
Interest Payment Date pursuant to the Conditions;  
"Interest Rate Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments (the "2006 
Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, and the latest 
version of each Matrix (as defined therein), published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Instruments (the "2021 Definitions"); 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 12(f) (ISDA 
Determination); 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Issue Price" the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 87 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
88 
"Issuer" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(a) (Programme); 
"Italian Paying Agent" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Local Exercise Place" means the place specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Local Time" means, with respect to Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, Milan 
time,; 
"Margin" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if an 
Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Maturity Date" means: 
in respect of Instruments the Scheduled Maturity Date, and if the Relevant 
Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Business Days 
equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Relevant 
Determination Date; 
in respect of Share Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Maturity Date −Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to be applicable, 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Share Linked Condition 7 
(Definitions); 
in respect of Index Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Maturity Date −Index Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to be applicable, 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Index Linked Condition 7 
(Definitions);  
in respect of Commodity Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date − Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General 
Definitions)" to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it 
in Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General Definitions); and 
in respect of Fund Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Maturity Date − Fund Linked Condition 8 (Definitions)" to be applicable, 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Fund Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions),  
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Maturity Date – Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions)" to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to 
it in Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 (Definitions),  
in respect of Credit Linked Instruments, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date – Credit Linked Securities Condition 11 (Definitions)" 
to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to "Credit Linked 
Security Date in Credit Linked Securities" Condition 11 (Definitions),  
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
"First Maturity Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable, in 
which case the Maturity Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if later, the later to occur of (a) the Specified Day(s) after the 
Scheduled Determination Date or the Relevant Determination Date 
(as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), and (b) the number of 
Business Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business 
Days after the Relevant Determination Date; or

--- Page 88 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
89 
"Second Maturity Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable, in 
which case the Maturity Date shall be the later to occur of (a) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or if such date is not a Business Day, such 
date after adjustment, if applicable, in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Maturity Date Business Day Convention", and (b) the Specified 
Day(s) after the Relevant Determination Date; or 
"Business Day Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case, the 
Maturity Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be such date after 
adjustments, if applicable, in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Maturity 
Date Business Day Convention"; or 
"American Style Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case: 
(1)
any Instrument exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant to 
the applicable provisions of the General Instrument 
Conditions, the Specified Day(s) after the Relevant 
Determination Date corresponding to such Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(2)
any Instrument deemed to be exercised pursuant to the 
applicable provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, 
the later of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, and if specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, if such date is not a Business 
Day, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Maturity Date Business Day Convention", and (y) the 
Specified Day(s) after the Relevant Determination Date 
corresponding to the Expiration Date, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
"Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date Adjustment" to be 
applicable, in which case, the Maturity Date shall be the later of (x) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or if such date is not a Business Day, 
such date after adjustments, if applicable, in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
the "Maturity Date Business Day Convention" (such adjusted date, 
the "Adjusted Scheduled Maturity Date"), and (y) the second 
Business Day after the Relevant Determination Date, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Maximum Exercise Number" means the number specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Maximum Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Minimum Exercise Number" means the number specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Minimum Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period;

--- Page 89 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
90 
"Minimum Trading Number" means the minimum number of the Instruments which 
may be transferred in each transaction as specified in the relevant Issue Terms pursuant 
to General Instrument Condition 5(b) (Transfers); 
"Monte Titoli" means the dematerialised securities post-trading system devoted to the 
centralised administration of financial instruments operated by Monte Titoli S.p.A.; 
"Monte Titoli Holder" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 4(b) 
(Monte Titoli Registered Instruments);  
"Monte Titoli Registered Instruments" means Instruments cleared through Monte 
Titoli; 
"Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments" means any Instruments specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 26 
(Substitution); 
"Nominal Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount" means, on any day: 
in respect of a Certificate, if "Par plus accrued" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, an amount equal to the Nominal Amount of a Certificate plus, if 
applicable, any accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption or 
settlement of the Certificates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
if "Fair Market Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount,  
which shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) as applicable: 
in the case of a Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount being 
payable due to the occurrence of an Event of Default and with respect 
to an Instrument, on any day, an amount which shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Instruments 
as of that day, determined by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without 
limitation (a) market prices or values for any Underlying Asset(s) and 
other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates and, if 
applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account 
the bid or offer prices of any Underlying Asset(s) and such other 
relevant economic variables; (b) the remaining term of the 
Instruments had they remained outstanding to the date of redemption 
or settlement and/or any scheduled early redemption or settlement 
date; (d) if applicable, accrued interest; (e) internal pricing models of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, and provided that, for such purpose: 
(1)
the Calculation Agent shall assume that the Issuer is a 
Qualified Financial Institution or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no Qualified Institution exists, the 
Calculation Agent shall assume the Issuer is an Eligible 
Financial Institution which has, at that time, (a) outstanding 
debt obligations with a stated maturity of one year or less 
from the date of issue and (b) the highest rating assigned to 
such outstanding debt obligations by Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Group or Moody's Investor Service, Inc. or any 
successor of either entity, provided that if both entities no 
longer exist, an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion; and

--- Page 90 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
91 
(2)
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies "Adjusted for Issuer 
Expenses and Costs" as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall adjust such amount fully for any reasonable expenses 
and costs of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, including those 
relating to the unwinding of any underlying and/or related 
hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
otherwise, on any day, an amount, which shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Instrument on the 
second Business Day prior to the date of redemption or settlement, 
determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent 
considers to be appropriate including, without limitation (a) market 
prices or values for any Underlying Asset(s) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, 
exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account the bid or 
offer prices of any Underlying Asset(s) and such other relevant 
economic variables; (b) the remaining term of the Instruments had 
they remained outstanding to the date of redemption or settlement 
and/or any scheduled early redemption or settlement date; (c) if 
applicable, accrued interest; (d) internal pricing models of the Issuer 
and its affiliates; and (e) the hypothetical cost of the Issuer of re-
establishing the funding provided by the Instruments, and provided 
that, for such purpose, if the relevant Issue Terms specifies "Adjusted 
for Issuer Expenses and Costs" as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall adjust such amount fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, including those relating to the 
unwinding of any underlying and/or related hedging arrangements, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
Payment of the Non-Scheduled Early Repayment Amount will be made in such manner 
and in such currency, which may be different from the Settlement Currency, as shall 
be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices). 
"Notional Amount per Instrument" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business Days" means 
the number of Business Days which the Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the Strike 
Date, shall fall in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Scheduled Applicable 
Date corresponding to the relevant Applicable Date, and ending on, and including, the 
corresponding Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date in respect of such Applicable 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Number of Settlement Period Business Days" means the number of Business Days 
which the Calculation Agent anticipates, as at the Strike Date, shall fall in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Scheduled Determination Date, and ending on, and 
including, the Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Open-ended Instruments" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 
7(j) (Open-ended Instruments); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date (Call), the amount set forth in the 
Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call)" in the row corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call) provided 
that, if "One-Delta Open-Ended Optional Redemption Payout" is specified to be

--- Page 91 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
92 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall be the amount specified in Payout Condition 1.6; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means: 
if "One-Delta Open-Ended Optional Redemption Payout" is specified to be 
not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or the number of Business Days as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms following the corresponding Call Option Notice Date, 
or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the later of such dates, or, if an 
Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, each date 
set forth in the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call)" or the number of Business Days as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms following the corresponding Call Option Notice Date 
in the Optional Redemption Table, or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the later of such dates; or 
if "One-Delta Open-Ended Optional Redemption Payout" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of Business Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms following the Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the Call Valuation Date;  
"Optional Redemption Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Original Primary Rate" means any Reference Rate or ISDA Rate specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these General Instrument Conditions and/or the Coupon Payout Conditions. To the 
extent that a Replacement Primary Rate is determined to be used in respect of the 
Instruments, such Replacement Primary Rate shall be an "Original Primary Rate" for 
the Instruments during the period on which it is used; 
"Original Primary Rate Cessation" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, 
the determination by the Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events 
has occurred:  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of such Original Primary Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide such Original Primary Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such public statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide such Original Primary 
Rate;  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisory authority 
of the administrator of such Original Primary Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of such Original Primary Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of such Original Primary Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of such Original Primary 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator of such Original Primary Rate announcing that the 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Original Primary Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such public statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Original Primary Rate; or  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisory authority 
of the administrator of such Original Primary Rate announcing that it has 
determined that such Original Primary Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Original Primary Rate is intended to measure and 
that representativeness will not be restored.

--- Page 92 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
93 
"Original Primary Rate Event" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, the 
determination by the Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has 
occurred: 
an Original Primary Rate Cessation; and 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event;  
"Participation Rate" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the amount specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Paying Agents" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) 
(Programme Agency Agreement); 
"Permitted Multiple" means the number specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Permitted Trading Multiple" means the number specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms pursuant to General Instrument Condition 5(b) (Transfers); 
"Physical Settlement Amount" means the amount of Deliverable Assets to be 
delivered in respect of an Instrument pursuant to the Payout Conditions; 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Physical Settlement Disruption Amount" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions; 
"Physical Settlement Disruption Event" means any event that has occurred as a result 
of which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer cannot, or it is 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer to effect Physical Settlement of all or any of 
the Deliverable Assets; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member state 
of the European Communities as is selected by the Calculation Agent; 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
in relation to USD, it means New York City, 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Principal Financial 
Centre" to be applicable, in which case "Principal Financial Centre" means, 
in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre(s) for that currency 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Principal Programme Agent" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(b) (Programme Agency Agreement); 
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, if the definition of 
such Original Primary Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise 
described as an "index cessation event" (regardless of the contents of that definition or 
description), any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply following 
the occurrence of such an event.

--- Page 93 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
94 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 30 
(Jurisdiction); 
"Programme" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(a) 
(Programme); 
"Programme Agency Agreement" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(b) (Programme Agency Agreement); 
"Programme Agent Effective Date" means the date on which the Issuer enters into a 
programme agency agreement with another entity, pursuant to which such entity is 
appointed as programme agent in respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments issued 
under the Programme. 
"Qualified Institution" means, for the purpose of determining the Non-scheduled 
Early Repayment Amount at any time where "Fair Market Value" or "Fair Market 
Value 2" is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, (i) a financial institution 
organised under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States of America or Europe 
or (ii) an equivalent issuer acceptable to the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, which at that time has outstanding debt obligations with a stated maturity 
of one year or less from the date of issue and rated either:  
A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group or any successor, or any 
other comparable rating then used by that rating agency; or 
P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor, or any other 
comparable rating then used by that rating agency; 
"Rate Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Relevant Financial Centres as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if the "Relevant Financial Centre" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be (a) "TARGET", then the "Rate Business Day" shall 
be a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) "US Govt SBD", then the "Rate Business Day" 
shall be a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Instruments specified in the relevant Issue Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these General Instrument 
Conditions and/or the Coupon Payout Conditions; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 11(g) (Record 
Date); 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the rate for deposits (or other 
relevant rate) in the Reference Rate Currency for a period equal to the Relevant 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which either: 
(i)
  appears on the Relevant Screen Page(s) on the Interest Determination Date 
corresponding to such relevant day, provided that in respect of any relevant 
day, (i) if the rate published on each of the Relevant Screen Pages is different, 
and the relevant Issue Terms specify: (A) "Reuters Screen shall prevail", the 
rate published on the Reuters Screen shall prevail; or (B) "Bloomberg Page 
shall prevail", the rate published on the Bloomberg Page shall prevail, and (ii) 
if the rate is published for such relevant day on one Relevant Screen Page but 
not the other, then the rate that is published shall prevail; 
(ii)
is determined in accordance with Condition 14(d) (SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination) or 14(e) (€STR Floating Rate Determination);

--- Page 94 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
95 
"Reference Rate Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
in the case of Instruments where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the next following Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
"Regulations" means the Uncertificated Instruments Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No. 
3755) as amended from time to time; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Instruments, a Reference Rate, an 
ISDA Rate, or any rate, level, value or other figure in respect of one or more Underlying 
Assets utilised in order to determine the Rate of Interest, Floating Rate Coupon, 
Redemption Amount, Final Instalment Amount, Physical Settlement Amount or any 
other amount payable or asset deliverable under the Instruments;
"Relevant Automatic Early Exercise Determination Date" means, in respect of an 
Applicable Date corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date, the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of such Applicable Date, such Applicable Date, such 
Applicable Date to fall latest in time, the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Last 
Autocall Averaging Date corresponding to such Applicable Date, the Last Autocall 
Averaging Date corresponding to such Applicable Date, the Latest Reference Date in 
respect of the Final Autocall Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable Date, the 
Final Autocall Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable Date or such other date 
specified as such, each as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Clearing System" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 7(g) (Instruments Void on Expiration);  
"Relevant Determination Date" means the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date, the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of the Last Averaging Date, the Last Averaging Date, 
the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final Pricing Date, the Final Pricing Date, 
the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final Reference Date, the Final Reference 
Date, the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Valuation Date corresponding to the 
Exercise Date of such Security, the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Valuation 
Date corresponding to the Expiration Date, the Latest Reference Date in respect of the 
Pricing Date corresponding to the Exercise Date, the Latest Reference Date in respect 
of the Pricing Date corresponding to the Expiration Date, the Final Reference Date to 
fall latest in time, where the Issue Terms specify "One-Delta Open-Ended Optional 
Redemption Payout" to be applicable, for each Security that has been exercised 
pursuant to General Instrument Condition 7(a) (if applicable), the Latest Reference 
Date in respect of the Final Reference Date for such Security;

--- Page 95 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
96 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the place(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Calculation 
Agent, any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the 
following types of information: 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied 
by one or more third parties including, without limitation, alternative 
benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, 
correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
information of the type described in paragraph (i) above from the Calculation 
Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the 
Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information described in paragraph (i) 
above unless that information is not readily available or, if used to make a 
determination, would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (i) above may 
include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the 
relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, 
brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Maturity" means such period of time as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate:  
the central bank for the currency in which such Original Primary Rate is 
denominated or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising such Original Primary Rate or the administrator of 
such Original Primary Rate; or 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the 
central bank for the currency in which such Original Primary Rate is 
denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising such Original Primary Rate or the administrator of 
such Original Primary Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; 
"Relevant Reference Month" means each month(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Rules" means the terms and conditions, rules, regulations or other 
procedures governing the use of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or such 
other relevant Clearing System, as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to 
time; 
"Relevant Screen Page" or "Relevant Screen Pages" means the Bloomberg Page or 
the Reuters Screen (or both) or such other page(s), section(s), caption(s), column(s) or 
other part of a particular information service (or services), as may be specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page or the Relevant Screen Pages in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Settlement System" means in the case of Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments T2S; 
"Relevant Time" means the time in the place specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms;

--- Page 96 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
97 
"Replacement Primary Rate" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, the 
Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate, provided that if more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-
nominated Primary Rate, and those designations, nominations or recommendations are 
not the same, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Alternative Post-nominated 
Primary Rate in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner;  
If the Calculation Agent determines that (A) there is no Alternative Post-nominated 
Primary Rate, or (B) the Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate is not a suitable 
replacement for the Original Primary Rate and/or the replacement of the Original 
Primary Rate with the Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate will not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Replacement Primary Rate shall be such other rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source selected by the Calculation Agent, in its 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If the 
Calculation Agent is required to select the Replacement Primary Rate as a result of 
there being no Alternative Post-Nominated Primary Rate, it may take into account the 
rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard (or otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement 
rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Original Primary 
Rate; 
"Replacement Primary Rate Amendments" has the meaning given in General 
Instrument Condition 12(j) (Original Primary Rate Event); 
"Resolution" has the meaning given in the Programme Agency Agreement; 
"Reuters Screen" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any designated page, the 
display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service (or replace such services) for the purpose 
of displaying a rate comparable to such Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
sanction, directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions 
and embargo programmes, including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered 
and/or enforced, from time to time, by (or by any agency or other authority of) the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union (or any Member State 
thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial sanctions and 
embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable to 
designated or blocked persons; 
"Scheduled Applicable Date" means the original date, prior to adjustment, if any, on 
which the relevant Applicable Date is scheduled to fall or such other date as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"second currency" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 24 
(Currency Indemnity); 
"Series" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(d) (Issue Terms);

--- Page 97 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
98 
"Settlement Amount" means, in respect of an Instrument, the amount determined in 
accordance with the relevant Payout Conditions which are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms;  
"Share Linked Instruments" are any Instruments specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Share Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Shares" has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; 
"Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business 
Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Decimal Place" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant amount 
pursuant to General Instrument Condition 25 (Rounding), such number of decimal 
place(s) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Exercise Date" means each date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Exercise Time" means the time in the place (if applicable) as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Office" in respect of each Agent, has the meaning given in the Programme 
Agency Agreement;  
"Specified Sub-Unit" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant currency 
amount pursuant to General Instrument Condition 25 (Rounding), an amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Time" means the time in the place specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Strike Price" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
"T2S" means TARGET2−Securities, the Eurosystem service for securities settlement;
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System, or any successor thereto; 
"Taxes" means any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, estate, inheritance, 
gift, transfer, capital gains, corporation, income, property, withholding and/or other 
taxes or duties incurred, or any expenses, costs or fees (and, except in the case of its 
Hedge Positions other brokerage commissions) incurred by, imposed on or assessed to 
the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) in connection with the issue, transfer or exercise of 
any Instruments, or its Hedge Positions or otherwise in connection with the transfer of 
cash dividends, Deliverable Assets or Physical Settlement, including, but not limited 
to, any cost related to or arising out of any default or delay by any broker, dealer, 
clearing house or hedge counterparty and includes any taxes, expenses and charges 
incurred through, imposed on or assessed to the Hedge Positions entered into in respect 
of the Instruments, without regard to any refunds, credits or any other benefit or 
reduction that may accrue thereon through tax treaties or any other arrangements; 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(d) (Issue Terms);

--- Page 98 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
99 
"Transfer Certificate" means a transfer certificate in the form set out in the 
Programme Agency Agreement;  
"Underlying Asset'' means a Share, an Index, an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, 
a Commodity, an FX Rate, a Fund, a Futures Contract, the Referency Entity, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Underlying Asset Conditions" has the meaning given in General Instrument 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"USD" means the United States dollar, being the lawful currency of the United States 
of America; 
"USD Equivalent Amount" has the meaning given in FX Linked Condition 4 
(Definitions); 
"Valuation Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions; and 
"Warrants" has the meaning given in General Instrument Condition 1(b) (Programme 
Agency Agreement). 
(b)
Interpretation: In these General Instrument Conditions:  
references in these General Instrument Conditions to Instruments are to the 
Instruments of the relevant Series;  
capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Instrument 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to 
the Instruments of the relevant Series;  
references to Instruments being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Programme Agency Agreement; 
in the case of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments, any reference to the 
Programme Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Programme Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
replaced up to and including the Issue Date of the Instruments; and 
if "Trading in Nominal" and "Non-standard Securities Format" are each 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each reference in these 
General Instrument Conditions to "nominal" shall be deemed to be deleted and 
each reference to "Nominal Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to 
"Calculation Amount". 
3.
Form 
(a)
Each Tranche of Instruments (other than Monte Titoli Registered Instruments) will at 
all times be represented by a registered global warrant or a registered global certificate 
(in either form, the "Global Instrument") deposited on the Issue Date with and 
registered in the name of, a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(b)
The Monte Titoli Registered Instruments are issued in registered and uncertificated 
form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of their beneficial owners by 
Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Holders as of their respective

--- Page 99 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
100 
date of issue. The Monte Titoli Registered Instruments will at all times be held in book 
entry form and title to the Monte Titoli Registered Instruments will be evidenced by 
book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Financial Services 
Act") and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of 
title will be issued in respect of the Monte Titoli Registered Instruments. 
(c)
No Instruments will be issued in definitive or certificated form. 
4.
Title 
(a)
Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments: In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments, 
the person for the time being appearing in the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number or nominal amount of such 
Instruments (in which regard any certificate or document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the number or nominal amount, as the case may be, of 
such Instruments standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and all other 
persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof (a "Euroclear/Clearstream 
Holder") and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented thereby for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of any amounts payable in respect of 
such number or nominal amount, as the case may be, of such Instruments, for which 
purpose the common depositary or, as the case may be, its nominee in respect of the 
relevant Global Instrument shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder 
of such number or nominal amount, as the case may be, of such Instruments in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global Instrument; and the expression 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Holder" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, except that (i) Euroclear shall 
not be treated as the Holder of any Instrument held in an account with Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, on behalf of Euroclear's accountholders and (ii) Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall not be treated as the Holder of any Instrument held in an account 
with Euroclear, on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg's accountholders. 
(b)
Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: The Monte Titoli Registered Instruments will be 
held in dematerialised form on behalf of their beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation by Monte Titoli, for the account of any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli, 
including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (a "Monte Titoli Holder"). 
(c)
Disclaimer as to Clearing Systems and their agents and operators: Any description in 
these General Instrument Conditions as to payments being made or any other actions 
or duties being undertaken by any Clearing System (or its agents or operators) is based 
solely on the Issuer's understanding of the relevant rules and/or operations of such 
Clearing System (and its agents and operators). The Issuer does not make any 
representation or warranty that such information is accurate or, in any event, that the 
relevant Clearing System (or its agents or operators) will make such payments or 
undertake such actions or duties in accordance with such description. Accordingly, 
notwithstanding anything else herein, none of the Issuer or the Agents has any 
responsibility for the performance by any Clearing System (or its agents or operators) 
of their respective payment, delivery, Holder identification, or other obligations in 
respect of the Instruments as described herein and/or under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations. 
5.
Transfers 
(a)
Transfers of Instruments which are held in a Clearing System may be effected only 
through the Clearing System(s) in which the Instruments to be transferred are held. 
Title will pass, other than in the case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or,

--- Page 100 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
101 
in the case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, upon entry in the electronic book-
entry system maintained by Monte Titoli.  
(b)
Any number of Instruments may be transferred in a transaction in the Instruments 
unless (i) the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange govern the number of Instruments which may be transferred in a transaction 
in the Instruments, in which case the applicable rules of that stock exchange as 
amended from time to time must be complied with, or (ii) the relevant Issue Terms 
specify a "Minimum Trading Number", in which case the smallest number of 
Instruments that may be transferred in a transaction in the Instruments shall be the 
Minimum Trading Number (and, if a "Permitted Trading Multiple" is also specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the smallest number of Instruments that may be transferred 
in a transaction in the Instruments shall be the Minimum Trading Number, or, if more 
than the Minimum Trading Number of Instruments is to be transferred in a transaction 
in the Instruments, the Instruments must be transferred in a number equal to the sum 
of the Minimum Trading Number plus an integral multiple of the Permitted Trading 
Multiple), unless the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that 
stock exchange govern the Permitted Trading Multiple, in which case the applicable 
rules of that stock exchange as amended from time to time shall apply in the event of 
a conflict), or such other Minimum Trading Number or other Permitted Trading 
Multiple (or both) as the Issuer may from time to time notify the Holders in accordance 
with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices). 
6.
Status of the Instruments 
The Instruments constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. 
7.
Exercise Rights 
(a)
American Style Exercise: If the Instruments are specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being American Style Instruments, then this General Instrument Condition 7(a) is 
applicable and the Instruments are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise 
Period, subject to prior termination of the Instruments as provided in General 
Instrument Condition 18 (Change in law) or, if applicable, the occurrence of a Stop 
Loss Event (as defined in the Payout Conditions); 
(b)
European Style Exercise: If the Instruments are specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being European Style Instruments, then this General Instrument Condition 7(b) is 
applicable and the Instruments are exercisable only on the Expiration Date, subject to 
prior termination of the Instruments as provided in General Instrument Condition 18 
(Change in law).  
(c)
Bermudan Style Exercise: If the Instruments are specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being Bermudan Style Instruments, then this General Instrument Condition 7(c) is 
applicable and the Instruments are exercisable only on the Specified Exercise Dates 
during the Exercise Period and on the Expiration Date. 
(d)
Cash Settlement: Subject to General Instrument Condition 4(c) (Disclaimer as to 
Clearing Systems and their agents and operators), General Instrument Condition 7(e) 
(Physical Settlement), if the relevant Issue Terms specify Cash Settlement to be 
applicable, upon the exercise or deemed exercise of an Instrument by a Holder, such 
Holder shall be entitled to receive from the Issuer on the Maturity Date the Settlement 
Amount less any Taxes. The Settlement Amount will be rounded in accordance with 
General Instrument Condition 25 (Rounding), with Instruments exercised at the same 
time by the same Holder being aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Instruments.  
(e)
Physical Settlement: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Physical Settlement" to be 
applicable, upon the exercise or deemed exercise of an Instrument by a Holder, the 
Issuer shall transfer or procure the transfer on the Physical Settlement Date (in respect

--- Page 101 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
102 
of such Instrument exercised by the Holder) of the Physical Settlement Amount in 
respect of each Instrument so exercised to the account specified for that purpose by the 
Holder in the relevant Exercise Notice ("Physical Settlement"), and following 
payment by the Holder to or to the order of the Issuer on or before the Physical 
Settlement Date of the Strike Price (if specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, if 
applicable, all Taxes and stamp duties, transaction costs, and any other costs incurred 
by the Issuer and any of its affiliates in the delivery of the Deliverable Assets to the 
relevant Holder (such sums, the "Delivery Expenses"), all as more fully described in 
General Instrument Condition 8 (Exercise Procedure) and delivery of the Deliverable 
Assets shall take place only after the Delivery Expenses (if any) have been paid by 
such Holder to or to the order of the Issuer. No Instrument shall confer on a Holder any 
right to acquire the Deliverable Assets and the Issuer is not obliged to purchase or hold 
the Deliverable Assets. The delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made 
(i) if practicable and in respect of Securities represented by a Global Instrument, to the 
relevant Clearing System for the credit of the account of the Holder or (ii) in such other 
commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for 
such delivery and will, where appropriate and if practicable, notify the Holders in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices). By purchasing or 
exercising an Instrument, the relevant Holder shall be deemed to have agreed to such 
form of settlement as provided herein. The obligation of the Issuer to deliver Shares is 
limited to the delivery of Shares having the characteristics and in the form that allows 
delivery via the relevant Clearing System and does not include registration of the 
Holder in the share register or in the list of shareholders, and none of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person shall have any liability for any such failure of 
(or delay in) registration.  
This General Instrument Condition 7(e) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. This General Instrument Condition 7(e) is not applicable to Credit Linked 
Instruments for which the provisions contained in "Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions" apply. 
(f)
Settlement Disruption: If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount in accordance with General Instrument Condition 7(e) is 
not practicable by reason of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event having occurred 
and being continuing on the Physical Settlement Date, then the Physical Settlement 
Date shall be postponed to the first following Business Day in respect of which there 
is no such Physical Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect in 
its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Instrument by 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount using such 
other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Physical 
Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with 
delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount in such other commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Settlement Disruption Event 
affects some but not all of the Deliverable Assets comprising the Physical Settlement 
Amount, the Physical Settlement Date for the Deliverable Assets not affected by the 
Physical Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Physical 
Settlement Date. For so long as delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount is not 
practicable by reason of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its 
sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Instrument by payment to the relevant Holder of the Physical Settlement Disruption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is 
given to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices). 
Payment of the Physical Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders that a Physical Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. 
No Holder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Instrument in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount due to the 
occurrence of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof

--- Page 102 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
103 
shall attach to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Paying Agents. This General 
Instrument Condition 7(f) does not apply to Credit Linked Instruments. 
(g)
Instruments Void on Expiration: Any Euroclear/Clearstream Instrument with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice has been received by any of the Calculation Agent, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Relevant Clearing System") or the 
Principal Programme Agent, in accordance with the provisions of General Instrument 
Condition 8 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (or such other Specified 
Exercise Time) in Brussels, Luxembourg or the Local Exercise Place, if applicable, as 
the case may be), on the Expiration Date, may, at the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, become null and void.  
This General Instrument Condition 7(g) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. 
(h)
Automatic Exercise – Instruments other than Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: 
If the Instruments are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being 
"Automatic 
Exercise 
Instruments" 
then 
this 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(h) is applicable and any Instruments in respect of which an 
Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered, in the case of (A) 
American Style Instruments (and subject to the occurrence of a  Stop Loss 
Event, if applicable) on the last Business Day in the relevant Exercise Period 
by 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) or, if a Local 
Exercise Place is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 10.00 a.m. in Brussels 
or Luxembourg, as the case may be, if such Business Day falls prior to the 
Expiration Date, or in the Local Exercise Place, if such Business Day falls on 
the Expiration Date), (B) European Style Instruments or Bermudan Style 
Instruments, by 10.00 a.m. in Brussels or Luxembourg, as the case may be) 
on the Expiration Date, such Instruments shall be deemed to have been 
exercised on the Expiration Date, subject to (x) prior termination of the 
Instruments as provided in General Instrument Condition 18 (Change in law) 
and (y) as provided in paragraph (ii) below.  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify General Instrument Condition 7(h)(ii) to 
be applicable, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to settle any Instrument 
under this General Instrument Condition 7(h) until (and the Maturity Date or, 
as the case may be, the Physical Settlement Date in respect of such Instrument 
shall be) the third Business Day (or such other Specified Day(s)) following 
the day on which the Holder has delivered an Exercise Notice in accordance 
with 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 8(a) 
(Exercise 
Notice 
– 
Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only); provided that if the relevant Holder 
has not delivered an Exercise Notice within 30 Business Days of the deemed 
Exercise Date, such Instruments may, at the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, become null and void. 
(i)
Automatic Exercise – Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: If the Issuer would have 
been obliged to make payment of a Settlement Amount on (i) in respect of any 
European Style Instruments, any Exercise Date or (ii) in respect of any American Style 
Instruments or Bermudan Style Instruments, the Expiration Date to the Holder of such 
Instrument had such Instrument been exercised by the relevant Holder, such Instrument 
will be automatically exercised on such Exercise Date or such Expiration Date, as 
applicable, and the provisions of General Instrument Condition 8 (Exercise Procedure) 
shall be deemed to have been observed and will apply in respect of such exercise 
procedure. 
(j)
Open-ended Instruments: This General Instrument Condition 7(j) is applicable to 
American Style Instruments and Bermudan Style Instruments in respect of which no 
final Exercise Date is specified in the relevant issue Terms ("Open-ended 
Instruments").  Subject to the occurrence of a  Stop Loss Event, any such Open-ended 
Instrument shall be capable of being exercised by the Holder in accordance with the

--- Page 103 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
104 
provisions of General Instrument Condition 7(a) (American Style Exercise), General 
Instrument Condition 7(c) (Bermudan Style Exercise) or General Instrument Condition 
7(d) (Cash Settlement), as applicable, and will be capable of being redeemed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of General Instrument Condition 16 (Optional 
Early Redemption).  
This General Instrument Condition 7(j) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered Instruments.   
8.
Exercise Procedure and Payments 
(a)
Exercise Notice – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: Euroclear/Clearstream 
Instruments may be exercised by delivery in writing of a duly completed Exercise 
Notice to be received by:  
the Calculation Agent and the Relevant Clearing System by not later than 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be (or such other 
Specified Exercise Time); 
the Principal Programme Agent by not later than 10.00 a.m., Frankfurt time, 
(or such other Specified Exercise Time); and  
if a Local Exercise Place is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent by not later than 10.00 a.m., in the Local Exercise Place (or 
such other Specified Exercise Time): 
in the case of American Style Instruments, on any Business Day 
during the Exercise Period; 
in the case of European Style Instruments, on the Expiration Date (or, 
if that is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day); or  
in the case of Bermudan Style Instruments, on the Specified Exercise 
Date(s) or the Expiration Date. 
Each Exercise Notice shall: 
(1)
specify the name, address, telephone and email details of the 
Holder; 
(2)
specify the number of Instruments of each Tranche being 
exercised; 
(3)
specify the number of the Holder's account at the Relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with the Instruments being 
exercised and irrevocably instruct, or, as the case may be, 
confirm that the Holder has irrevocably instructed, the 
Relevant Clearing System to debit the Holder's account with 
the Instruments being exercised and to credit the account of 
the Principal Programme Agent; and 
(4)
specify the number of the Holder's account at the Relevant 
Clearing System to be credited with the Settlement Amount 
for the Instruments being exercised; 
(5)
include an irrevocable undertaking by the Holder to pay any 
Taxes and an instruction from the Holder to the Relevant 
Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof 
from any Settlement Amount due to such Holder or 
otherwise to debit (on or at any time after the Maturity Date) 
a specified account of the Holder at the Relevant Clearing 
System with an amount or amounts in respect thereof;

--- Page 104 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
105 
(6)
certify that the Instruments are not being exercised by or on 
behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United States 
and the Instruments are not beneficially owned by a U.S. 
person or a person within the United States (terms in this 
paragraph (6) have the meanings given to them in the 
Exercise Notice); and 
(7)
authorise the production of such certification in applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings. 
In addition, if the relevant Issue Terms specify General Instrument 
Condition 7(e) (Physical Settlement) to be applicable, the Exercise 
Notice shall also: 
(only if General Instrument Condition 7(e) (Physical Settlement) is specified 
irrevocably instruct the Relevant Clearing System to debit on the Maturity 
Date a specified account of the Holder with the aggregate Strike Price (if 
relevant) in respect of the Instruments being exercised and to transfer such 
amount to such account with the Relevant Clearing System as shall have been 
specified by the Issuer to the Relevant Clearing System for that purpose; 
include an irrevocable undertaking by the Holder to pay the Delivery 
Expenses (if any) incurred by reason of the transfer (if any) of the Deliverable 
Assets to the account at the Relevant Clearing System specified by the Holder 
in the relevant Exercise Notice and an instruction from the Holder to the 
Relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
Physical Settlement Amount due to such Holder or otherwise to debit (on or 
at any time after the Maturity Date) a specified account of the Holder at the 
Relevant Clearing System with an amount or amounts in respect thereof; and 
specify the number of the Holder's account with the Relevant Clearing System 
to be credited with the relevant Deliverable Assets.  
This General Instrument Condition 8(a) is not applicable to Monte Titoli 
Registered Instruments. 
(b)
Exercise Notice –Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: Instruments may be exercised 
by delivery of a duly completed Exercise Notice by the Holder to be received by the 
Calculation Agent, and copied to the Issuer.  
(c)
Failure to Exercise –Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: Any Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been received by the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer, in the manner set out in General Instrument 
Condition 8(b) (Exercise Notice –Monte Titoli Registered Instruments), at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) (or such other Specified Exercise Time) on the relevant 
Expiration Date shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (and the 
Exercise Date for such Instruments will be the Expiration Date) subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of General Instrument Condition 7(h) (Automatic 
Exercise – Instruments other than, Monte Titoli Registered Instrument). 
(d)
Verification of the Holder – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: Upon receipt of 
an Exercise Notice, the Principal Programme Agent shall request the Relevant Clearing 
System to confirm in writing to the Principal Programme Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer, that, according to the books of the Relevant Clearing System, the person 
exercising the Instruments referred to in the Exercise Notice is the holder thereof. If 
the number of Instruments specified in such Exercise Notice exceeds the number of 
Instruments held in the specified account of the person exercising the relevant 
Instruments, the Exercise Notice shall become null and void, and the Principal 
Programme Agent shall so notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent. If the number 
of Instruments specified in such Exercise Notice does not exceed the number of 
Instruments held in such specified account then, on or prior to the Maturity Date, the

--- Page 105 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
106 
Relevant Clearing System will debit such account with the Instruments being exercised 
(but without prejudice to the accrued rights of the relevant Holder).  
(e)
Verification of the Holder –Monte Titoli Registered Instruments only: Upon receipt of 
any Exercise Notice, the Issuer will verify that the person exercising the Instruments 
specified therein was, on the relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof according to 
the rules of Monte Titoli. If Issuer is unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice shall be 
deemed not to have been given.  
(f)
Election of Settlement Method – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: If General 
Instrument Condition 7(e) (Physical Settlement) is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be applicable, the Issuer will, by the close of business (London time) on the 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date, notify the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Principal Programme Agent and (if applicable) the relevant Holder, if the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Holder has elected for Physical Settlement. The 
Relevant Clearing System will on or before the Maturity Date debit the relevant 
account of the Holder and credit the relevant account of the Principal Programme Agent 
(in favour of the Issuer) with the Instruments being exercised and, if the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Holder has elected for Physical Settlement, with the aggregate 
Strike Price (if specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the Instruments 
exercised together with any applicable Taxes (if any). If the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Holder has elected for Physical Settlement and the aggregate Strike Price (if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the Instruments exercised together 
with any applicable Taxes is not so credited, then the Issuer shall be under no obligation 
to transfer the Deliverable Assets or make payment of any nature to the relevant Holder 
in respect of the Instruments, and the Exercise Notice delivered in respect of the 
Instruments shall thereafter be null and void for all purposes. 
This General Instrument Condition 8(f) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. 
(g)
Settlement – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: Unless the Issuer shall have 
elected for Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall on and for value on the Maturity Date, 
transfer an amount equal to the aggregate Settlement Amount of the duly exercised 
Instruments to the account of the Principal Programme Agent, whereupon the Principal 
Programme Agent shall transfer such amount to the account at the Relevant Clearing 
System specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Maturity Date. If, 
however, General Instrument Condition 7(e) (Physical Settlement) is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be applicable and the Issuer elects for Physical Settlement, 
then, subject to the Underlying Asset Conditions, on transfer of the Strike Price (if 
General Instrument Condition 7(e) (Physical Settlement)) and any applicable Taxes 
from the relevant account of the Holder to the relevant account of the Principal 
Programme Agent (in favour of the Issuer) as aforesaid, the Issuer shall, on the relevant 
Physical Settlement Date, transfer or procure the transfer of the Deliverable Assets in 
respect of each relevant Instrument for credit to the account specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice. 
This General Instrument Condition 8(g) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments and is subject to General Instrument Condition 4(c) (Disclaimer as to 
Clearing Systems and their agents and operators). 
In the event the Instruments are listed and admitted to trading on an Italian regulated 
market and/or any Italian multilateral trading facility so requiring, the Holders may 
participate via an account with, or have an account with Monte Titoli or have an 
account with a Monte Titoli Holder. Monte Titoli will, in turn, have an account 
("bridge") with one or more Clearing Systems (as the case may be). 
(h)
Settlement – Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: Settlement pursuant to General 
Instrument Condition 8(b) (Exercise Notice – Monte Titoli Registered Instruments,) or 
General Instrument Condition 8(c) (Failure to Exercise – Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments) of the Settlement Amount, after deduction of any Expenses which the

--- Page 106 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
107 
Issuer is authorised to deduct, shall be made by the Issuer on the Maturity Date to the 
Holder's in the Relevant Settlement System or at the relevant Bank as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. 
(i)
Determinations – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: Any determination as to 
whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the 
Relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Principal Programme Agent, and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the relevant 
Holder. Any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or 
which is not received by the Principal Programme Agent shall be null and void. If such 
Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Clearing 
System it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such 
correction is delivered to the Relevant Clearing System.  
This General Instrument Condition 8(i) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. 
(j)
Determinations – Monte Titoli Registered Instruments only: Any determination as to 
whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the 
Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer and the relevant Holder. Any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or 
not in proper form shall be null and void. If such Exercise Notice is subsequently 
corrected to the satisfaction of the Issuer  it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice 
submitted at the time the correction is delivered.  
This General Instrument Condition 8(j) is not applicable to Euroclear/Clearstream 
Instruments.  
(k)
Effect of Exercise Notice – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only: Delivery of an 
Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant 
Holder to exercise the Instruments specified therein. After the delivery of an Exercise 
Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall become void pursuant to General 
Instrument Condition 8(d) (Verification of the Holder – Euroclear/Clearstream 
Instruments only)), the holder of the Instruments specified in such Exercise Notice may 
not transfer such Instruments prior to the Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding this, if any Holder does so transfer or attempt to transfer such 
Instruments, the Holder will be liable to the Issuer for any losses, costs and Expenses 
suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a consequence 
of it having terminated any related Hedge Positions in reliance on the relevant Exercise 
Notice and subsequently (i) entering into replacement Hedge Positions in respect of 
such Instruments or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent exercise of such 
Instruments without having entered into any replacement Hedge Positions. 
This General Instrument Condition 8(k) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. 
(l)
Effect of Exercise Notice –Monte Titoli Registered Instruments: Delivery of any 
Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant 
Holder to exercise the Instruments specified therein in the manner specified therein and 
in these General Instrument Conditions. After delivery of such Exercise Notice, such 
exercising Holder may not otherwise transfer such Instruments. Notwithstanding this, 
if any Holder does so transfer or attempts so to transfer such Instruments, the Holder 
will be liable to the Issuer for any Expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates through whom it has hedged its position, including those suffered or 
incurred as a consequence of the Issuer or any of its affiliates though whom it has 
hedged its position having terminated or commenced any related Hedge Positions in 
reliance on the relevant Exercise Notice and subsequently (i) entering into replacement 
Hedge Positions in respect of such Instruments or (ii) paying any amount on the 
subsequent exercise of such Instruments without having entered into any replacement

--- Page 107 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
108 
Hedge Positions. A Holder exercising an Instrument shall pay all Expenses, if any, 
payable in connection with the exercise of the Instrument. 
(m)
Receipt of Exercise Notice by Calculation Agent: If the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Receipt of Exercise Notice by Calculation Agent" to be applicable, then, without 
prejudice to General Instrument Conditions 8(k) (Effect of Exercise Notice – 
Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only) and 8(r) (Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments), any Instrument in respect of which the Calculation Agent did not receive 
an Exercise Notice in accordance with General Instrument Condition 8(a) (Exercise 
Notice – Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only) or 8(b) (Exercise Notice –Monte 
Titoli Registered Instruments), as applicable, may at the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, be deemed not to have been exercised. 
(n)
Fractions: Where the Physical Settlement Amount would otherwise comprise, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, fractions of Deliverable Assets, a Holder will 
receive the Physical Settlement Amount comprising of the nearest number (rounded 
down) of Deliverable Assets capable of being delivered by the Issuer (provided that a 
Holder's entire holding may not be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose 
of delivering the Physical Settlement Amount), and, if a Fractional Cash Amount is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a Holder will also receive the Fractional Cash 
Amount (which may be zero) in respect of each Instrument capable of being paid by 
the Issuer (provided that a Holder's entire holding may not be aggregated at the Issuer's 
discretion for the purpose of paying the Fractional Cash Amount). 
Payment of any Fractional Cash Amount shall be made by transfer by the Issuer to the 
account of the Principal Programme Agent whereupon the Principal Programme Agent 
shall transfer such amount to the account at the Relevant Clearing System specified in 
the relevant Exercise Notice as the account to be credited with the relevant Settlement 
Amount. 
This General Instrument Condition 8(n) is not applicable to Monte Titoli Registered 
Instruments. 
(o)
Payments on Business Days: If the date specified for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Instrument is not a Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of 
the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day and shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(p)
Negative amounts: Notwithstanding anything else, in the event that any Settlement 
Amount, Interest Amount, Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount or any other 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of an Instrument under the Conditions would 
otherwise be a negative amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(q)
Discharge of payment (and delivery) obligations by Issuer: The holder of a Global 
Instrument shall be the only person entitled to receive payments (or deliveries) in 
respect of Instruments represented by such Global Instrument and the Issuer's payment 
(or delivery) obligations under the Instruments will be discharged by payment (or 
delivery) to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Instrument (being the common 
depositary or, as the case may be, its nominee, in respect of the Global Instrument ) in 
respect of each amount so paid (or asset so delivered). Each of the persons shown in 
the records of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular number (or 
nominal amount, as applicable) of Instruments must look solely to such Clearing 
System for its share of each payment (or delivery) made by the Issuer. No person other 
than the holder of such Global Instrument shall have any claim against the Issuer in 
respect of any payments (or deliveries) due on the Instruments represented by that 
Global Instrument. 
9.
Calculations, Determinations and Adjustments by the Calculation Agent 
(a)
Calculation Agent: The Calculation Agent shall not act as an agent for the Holders but 
shall be the agent of the Issuer and all its calculations, determinations and adjustments

--- Page 108 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
109 
hereunder  shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
(save in the case of manifest or proven error) shall be final and binding on the Issuer 
and the Holders. All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent under 
these General Instrument Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the 
Calculation Agent, in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may decide.  
(b)
Calculation and Notification of Settlement Amount by the Calculation Agent:  
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments, on or before 5.00 p.m. 
(Frankfurt time) on the first Business Day following any date on which a 
valuation in respect of the Underlying Asset(s) is to be made, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Principal Programme Agent of the 
Settlement Amount to be paid on the relevant Maturity Date in respect of the 
relevant Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments.  
In respect of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, on or before 11.00 a.m. 
(Milan time) on any date on which a valuation in respect of the Underlying 
Asset(s) is to be made, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the 
Settlement Amount to be paid on the relevant Maturity Date in respect of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Registered Instruments.  
(c)
Responsibility: None of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation and dissemination of any 
variables published by a third party and used in any calculation made pursuant to these 
General Instrument Conditions or in the calculation of any Settlement Amount or of 
any Physical Settlement Amount arising from such errors or omissions. 
10.
Limits on the Number of Instruments Exercisable 
(a)
Minimum Exercise Number: The Instruments are exercisable in the Minimum Exercise 
Number or integral multiples thereof (or, if a "Permitted Multiple" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and more than the Minimum Exercise Number is being exercised, 
a number equal to the sum of such Minimum Exercise Number and integral multiples 
of the Permitted Multiple) on any particular occasion or such lesser Minimum Exercise 
Number or other Permitted Multiple (or both) as the Issuer may from time to time notify 
the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices). 
(b)
Maximum Exercise Number: If a Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and the Issuer determines in its absolute discretion on any 
Exercise Date that more than the Maximum Exercise Number of Instruments are being 
exercised by a single Holder or a group of Holders acting in concert, then the Issuer 
may deem the Exercise Date for the first Maximum Exercise Number of the 
Instruments exercised by such Holder or group of Holders to be such date and the 
Exercise Date for each additional Tranche of Maximum Exercise Number of the 
Instruments (or part thereof, in the case of the last Tranche) exercised by such Holder 
or group of Holders to be each succeeding Business Day thereafter until there shall 
have been an Exercise Date in respect of all such Instruments exercised by such Holder 
or group of Holders; provided that no such Exercise Date shall fall later than the 
Expiration Date. In any case where the Issuer determines that more than the Maximum 
Exercise Number of Instruments are so exercised on the same day by a Holder or group 
of Holders acting in concert, the order of settlement in respect of such Instruments shall 
be at the discretion of the Issuer. The Maximum Exercise Number may be waived on 
any occasion by the Issuer in its absolute discretion and may be amended from time to 
time by the Issuer by notice to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices). 
11.
Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions 
This General Instrument Condition 11 is applicable to the Instruments only if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions" to be applicable.

--- Page 109 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
110 
(a)
Interest Amount: Subject as provided in these General Instrument Conditions, each 
Instrument pays interest from (and including) the Fixed Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (provided that 
each such date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms). The amount payable in respect 
of each Instrument on each Interest Payment Date will be the Interest Amount for the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date.  
(b)
Fixed Coupon Amount: Where a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date in respect of 
each Instrument for any Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest 
Payment Date or the date on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as 
is applicable, shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount for such Interest Period, provided 
that, if  
a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of an 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment 
Date in respect of each Instrument shall be the Broken Amount; or 
(ii)  
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Fixed Coupon Amount shall be an amount converted from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
(c)
Calculation of Interest Amount: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Coupon 
Amount" to be not applicable, the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment 
Date in respect of each Instrument for any Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such Interest Payment Date or the date on which such Interest Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall, as is applicable, or for a period other than an Interest Period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the Rate of Interest by the Notional Amount per Instrument, 
and further multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction applicable to 
the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date or the date 
on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as is applicable, or such other 
period, and rounding the resulting figure in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 25 (Rounding). 
(d)
Step Up Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions: This General Instrument Condition 11(d) 
is applicable to Instruments only if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Step Up Fixed 
Rate Instrument Conditions" to be applicable. The Rate of Interest in respect of each 
Interest Period shall be the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Instrument on each Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with General Instrument Condition 11(c) 
(Calculation of Interest Amount), where the Day Count Fraction shall be applied to the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date or the date on 
which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as is applicable. 
(e)
Business Day Convention: If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Issue  Terms and any Interest Payment Date (or other date) falls on a day which is not 
a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date (or such other date) will be adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
(f)
Accrual of Interest: Each Instrument will cease to accrue interest on (but excluding) 
the final Interest Payment Date unless payment of the Settlement Amount and/or 
delivery of any Physical Settlement Amount due on redemption is improperly withheld 
or refused by the Issuer in which case interest shall continue to accrue from the 
Expiration Date until the earlier of the day (i) such payment or delivery is made, as the 
case may be, or (ii) (if applicable) which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Instruments up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in

--- Page 110 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
111 
payment). No interest on the Instruments shall accrue beyond the final Interest Payment 
Date in the event that delivery of any Physical Settlement Amount is postponed due to 
the occurrence of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event or otherwise as provided for 
in the Conditions. Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Instruments, these 
provisions shall be subject to the provisions contained in "Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions". 
(g)
Record Date: Where payment in respect of a registered Instrument is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in 
the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. For Instruments 
in registered global form, the "Record Date" shall be the close of business (in the 
relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day (or such other 
Specified Day(s)) before the due date for payment, where the "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which the relevant clearing system is open for business. 
12.
Floating Rate Instrument Conditions  
(a)
Application: This General Instrument Condition 12(a) is applicable to the Instruments 
only if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" to 
be applicable. The Rate of Interest in respect of the Instruments and an Interest Period 
will be determined in accordance with either Screen Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination, ISDA Determination 
or the Steepener Floating Rate Provisions as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to 
be the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined for such Interest Period. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: Each Instrument will cease to accrue interest on (but excluding) 
the final Interest Payment Date unless payment of the Settlement Amount and/or 
delivery of any Physical Settlement Amount due on redemption is improperly withheld 
or refused by the Issuer in which case interest shall continue to accrue from the 
Expiration Date until the earlier of the day (i) such payment or delivery is made, as the 
case may be, or (ii) (if applicable) which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Instruments up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). No interest on the Instruments shall accrue beyond the final Interest Payment 
Date in the event that delivery of any Physical Settlement Amount is postponed due to 
the occurrence of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event or otherwise as provided for 
in the Conditions. Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Instruments, these 
provisions shall be subject to the provisions contained in "Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions". 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Screen Rate 
Determination" to be applicable in respect of an Interest Period,  the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Instruments for such Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be a rate equal to the Relevant Reference Rate, and where a 
"Margin" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, plus or 
minus the Margin for such Interest Period, and where a "Participation Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, multiplying the resulting 
amount by the Participation Rate for such Interest Period. The "Relevant Reference 
Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates" to be not applicable, the 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
paragraph below; or  
"Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates" to be applicable, the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate as is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period.

--- Page 111 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
112 
Where Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates is not applicable, the "Primary 
Reference Rate" or the "Secondary Reference Rate" (as applicable) shall be 
determined for the relevant Interest Period as a Reference Rate in accordance with the 
paragraph below where the relevant Reference Rate Currency, Interest Determination 
Date, Relevant Screen Page(s), Relevant Maturity, Relevant Time, Specified Time (if 
applicable) and Relevant Financial Centre (if applicable) shall be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Primary Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable). 
The "Reference Rate" will be determined on the following basis: 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate to be the rate which 
appears on the specified Relevant Screen Page(s) as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
if such rate does not appear on at least one of the Relevant Screen Pages at or 
around the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, then: 
the Reference Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Reference Rate by 
reference to one or more of the following methods (or such other method(s) 
as it determines appropriate): 
(1)
the Reference Rate may be determined on the basis of the relevant 
internally marked mid-rate (derived from externally executable bid 
and ask prices) of the Calculation Agent at the Specified Time on 
such Interest Determination Date, and applying principles that are 
recognized in the financial services industry for determining the 
value of such rate; 
(2)
the Reference Rate may be the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, after eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) (unless 
only two quotations are provided, in which case neither will be 
eliminated), provided that the Calculation Agent determines that at 
least two such Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates;  
(3)
the Reference Rate may be the rate formally recommended for use 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or 
competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any 
such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; and/or 
(4)
the Reference Rate may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Direct Calculation Agent 
Determination Fallback" to be applicable, the Reference Rate will instead 
be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, on the basis of the 
relevant internally marked mid-rate (derived from externally executable 
bid and ask prices) of the Calculation Agent at the Specified Time on such 
Interest Determination Date, and applying principles that are recognized 
in the financial services industry for determining the value of such rate. If

--- Page 112 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
113 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Reference Rate 0% Floor" to be 
applicable and the Reference Rate determined in accordance with the 
above would otherwise be less than zero, then such Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(d)
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily SOFR: Where in the relevant Issue Terms SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this General Instrument Condition 12(d), "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards: 
where "Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
where "Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ି௣௅஻஽× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SOFR only compounds the SOFR Reference Rate in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day. The SOFR 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day will be taken by applying the SOFR Reference Rate for the 
previous U.S. Government Securities Business Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings:
"d" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, in respect 
of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; or

--- Page 113 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
114 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, in respect 
of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, a series of 
whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the 
SOFR Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, a series of 
whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number 
of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but 
excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and 
payable); 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such rate (the "New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in 
each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or, if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means (save as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such day; and 
∏௡
௜ୀଵ
 means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example,

--- Page 114 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
115 
൥ෑ൬1 + ܺ௜
360൰−1
ଷ଴
௜ୀଵ
൩
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributor, or the relevant website is not 
available, the relevant SOFR x value will be the last provided or published value 
for SOFR as applicable prior to the day on which the SOFR value is required. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that the SOFR value in accordance with the 
preceding sentence, or that it is likely to be materially unrepresentative of the 
SOFR value, which would have prevailed on such day in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market).
(e)
€STR Floating Rate Determination: 
Where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
Applicable, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Instrument Condition 14(e), "Compounded Daily 
€STR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 +  €ܴܵܶ௜× ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× 360
݀
(2)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 +  €ܴܵܶ௜ି௣்ௌ஽× ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× 360
݀
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means:

--- Page 115 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
116 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days 
in the relevant Interest Period.  
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, 
the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable).  
"p" means the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if such Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pLBD" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such TARGET2 
Settlement Day "i" as provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if such 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such 
TARGET2 Settlement Day "i").

--- Page 116 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
117 
"∏௡
௜ୀଵ
" means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
൥ෑ൬1 + ܺ௜
360൰−1
ଷ଴
௜ୀଵ
൩
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 
) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on 
which the €STR rate was published on such Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors).If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the €STR rate in accordance with the 
preceding sentence, or that it is likely to be materially unrepresentative of the 
€STR rate, which would have prevailed on such day in respect of the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and 
any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
(f)
ISDA Determination: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ISDA Determination" to be 
applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Instruments for such Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent as a 
rate equal to the Relevant ISDA Rate, and where a "Margin" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for such Interest Period, plus or minus the Margin for such Interest Period, 
and where a "Participation Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Interest Period, multiplying the resulting amount by the Participation Rate for such 
Interest Period. The "Relevant ISDA Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, if 
the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Multiple ISDA Determination Rates" to be not applicable, the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the paragraph below; or  
"Multiple ISDA Determination Rates" to be applicable, the Primary ISDA 
Rate or the Secondary ISDA Rate as is specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Instrument 
Conditions" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period.  
The "Primary ISDA Rate" or the "Secondary ISDA Rate" (as applicable) 
shall be determined for the relevant Interest Period as an ISDA Rate in 
accordance with the paragraph below where the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity (if applicable), compounding or averaging method (if 
applicable), and Reset Date shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of the Primary ISDA Rate or the Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable). 
The "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the  ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if a "Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag"

--- Page 117 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
118 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then any provisions 
in the Floating Rate Option that specify the relevant day preceding a Reset 
Date on which a screen rate is to be observed or dealer poll or other method 
of valuation to be undertaken shall be deemed to be amended and replaced by 
the "Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is 
a period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method (as defined in the 2021 Definitions), if any and as applicable, is as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to: 
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) in respect of the ISDA Rate; and  
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in 
the 2021 Definitions); and 
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities 
(as described in the ISDA Definitions), 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with the above provisions, the 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to comparable benchmarks then available.  
 If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" to be applicable 
and the ISDA Rate determined in accordance with the above would otherwise 
be less than zero, then such ISDA Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g)
Steepener Floating Rate Conditions: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Steepener 
Floating Rate Conditions" to be applicable in respect of an Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Instruments for such Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the Steepener Rate applicable 
to such Interest Period, and where a "Margin" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
for such Interest Period, plus or minus the Margin for such Interest Period, and where 
a "Participation Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, 
multiplying the resulting amount by the Participation Rate for such Interest Period. The 
"Steepener Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
"Multiple Steepener Rates" to be not applicable, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the difference between ISDA Rate 1 minus ISDA Rate 
2; or 
"Multiple Steepener Rates" to be applicable, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the difference between, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify:  
"Steepener Rate 1" to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" in 
the row corresponding to such Interest Period, ISDA Rate 1 minus 
ISDA Rate 2; or

--- Page 118 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
119 
"Steepener Rate 2" to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" in 
the row corresponding to such Interest Period, ISDA Rate 3 minus 
ISDA Rate 4. 
Each of "ISDA Rate 1", "ISDA Rate 2", "ISDA Rate 3" and "ISDA Rate 4" 
(as applicable) shall be determined for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with paragraph (d) above as an ISDA Rate where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, if applicable, compounding or 
averaging method, if applicable, and Reset Date shall be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of ISDA Rate 1, ISDA Rate 2, ISDA Rate 3 
or ISDA Rate 4 (as applicable) provided that, if: (i) an ISDA Rate 1 Cap or an 
ISDA Rate 1 Floor is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest 
Period, then ISDA Rate 1 for such Interest Period shall not be greater than 
such ISDA Rate 1 Cap and shall not be less than such ISDA Rate 1 Floor (as 
applicable), (ii) an ISDA Rate 2 Cap or an ISDA Rate 2 Floor is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 2 for such 
Interest Period shall not be greater than such ISDA Rate 2 Cap and shall not 
be less than such ISDA Rate 2 Floor (as applicable), (iii) an ISDA Rate 3 Cap 
or an ISDA Rate 3 Floor is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest 
Period, then ISDA Rate 3 for such Interest Period shall not be greater than 
such ISDA Rate 3 Cap and shall not be less than such ISDA Rate 3 Floor (as 
applicable), or (iv) an ISDA Rate 4 Cap or an ISDA Rate 4 Floor is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 4 for such 
Interest Period shall not be greater than such ISDA Rate 4 Cap and shall not 
be less than such ISDA Rate 4 Floor (as applicable). 
(h)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If: (i) any Maximum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period shall not be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period, or (ii) any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period shall not be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest for such Interest Period, or 
(iii) a Maximum Rate of Interest and a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period shall not be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest and shall not be 
greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest for such Interest Period.  
(i)
Capped Floored Floating Rate Instrument Conditions: This General Instrument 
Condition 12(i) is applicable to Instruments only if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Capped Floored Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" to be applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period.  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period, if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 12(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination), General Instrument Condition 12(f) (ISDA Determination) or 
General Instrument Condition 12(g) (Steepener Floating Rate Conditions) is 
less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest corresponding to such Interest 
Period. If Minimum Rate of Interest is specified to be not applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period will not be subject to any minimum amount.  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for an Interest Period, 
if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
General Instrument Condition 12(c) (Screen Rate Determination), General Instrument 
Condition 12(f) (ISDA Determination) or General Instrument Condition 12(g) 
(Steepener Floating Rate Conditions) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest 
corresponding to such Interest Period. If Maximum Rate of Interest is specified to be

--- Page 119 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
120 
not applicable, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will not be subject to any 
maximum amount. 
(j)
Original Primary Rate Event: If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that an Original Primary 
Rate Event has occurred in respect of an Original Primary Rate which may adversely 
affect the interests of the Holders (including but not limited to the fact that such 
Original Primary Rate, as the case may be, is no longer relevant to and does not reflect 
the original economic objective and rationale of the Instruments): 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement Primary Rate, 
as the case may be; 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to determine the Adjustment Spread;  
if the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement Primary Rate pursuant to 
paragraph (i) above and determines an Adjustment Spread pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above, then: 
the terms of the Instruments shall, without the consent of the Holders, 
be amended so that each reference to "Reference Rate" or "ISDA 
Rate", as the case may be, shall be replaced by a reference to 
"Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment Spread" (provided 
that the result of the Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment 
Spread plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Margin, may not be less than zero) with effect from the Adjustment 
Date; 
the Calculation Agent shall, without the consent of the Holders, make 
such other adjustments (the "Replacement Primary Rate 
Amendments") to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Period and Rate of Interest) with effect from the 
Adjustment Date as it determines necessary or appropriate in order 
to account for the effect of the replacement of the Original Primary 
Rate with the Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment Spread 
and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence 
of the Instruments before and after the replacement of the Original 
Primary Rate with the Replacement Primary Rate plus the 
Adjustment Spread; and 
the Calculation Agent shall deliver a notice to the Holders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
which shall specify any Replacement Primary Rate, Adjustment 
Spread, Adjustment Date and the specific terms of any Replacement 
Primary Rate Amendments and such notice shall be irrevocable. Any 
Replacement Primary Rate, Adjustment Spread and Replacement 
Primary Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Agents 
and the Holders; and 
if, for the purposes of calculating any Interest Amount, there is more than one 
Original Primary Rate specified, then the provisions of this General 
Instrument Condition 12(j) shall apply separately to each such Original 
Primary Rate. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall have any duty to monitor, 
enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Original Primary Rate Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 120 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
121 
If the definition, methodology or formula for an Original Primary Rate, or 
other means of calculating such Original Primary Rate, is changed or modified 
(irrespective of the materiality of any such change or changes), then references 
to that Original Primary Rate shall be to the Original Primary Rate as changed 
and modified. 
(k)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date in respect 
of each Instrument for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period by the Notional Amount per 
Instrument, and further multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
applicable to the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date 
or the date on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as is applicable, 
and rounding the resulting figure in accordance with General Instrument Condition 25 
(Rounding). 
(l)
Calculation of other amounts: In respect of any other amount referred to in the 
Conditions which is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount in accordance with the Conditions.  
(m)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and, if required by each competent authority, 
market and/or quotation system (if any) to which the Instruments have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, to such competent authority, market 
and/or quotation system (if any) as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Holders of the Instruments. The Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  
(n)
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
General Instrument Condition 12(n) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer,  the Paying Agents and the Holders of the 
Instruments and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
13.
Change of Interest Basis 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to an Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Interest Basis set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Interest Basis" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period.  
Where the Interest Basis applicable to an Interest Period is: (i) "Fixed Coupon", the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 11 (Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions) or (ii) "Floating Coupon", the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 12 (Floating Rate Instrument Conditions). 
14.
Consequences of an FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event 
(a)
Postponement or Payment in USD: If the Calculation Agent has determined that (1) an 
FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, 
has occurred and is continuing and (2) such FX Disruption Event or Currency

--- Page 121 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
122 
Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, is material in relation to the Issuer's 
payment obligations under the Instruments (including in relation to the Issuer's hedge 
position under the Instruments) in respect of any forthcoming Interest Payment Date, 
Maturity Date or other date on which amounts are payable under the Instruments by 
the Issuer under the Conditions (each such date, an "Affected Payment Date"), then if 
the relevant Issue Terms specify that "FX Disruption Event" or "Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event" is applicable to the Instruments, the Affected Payment 
Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (A) the Adjusted Affected Payment Date 
and (B) the Affected Payment Cut-off Date. The amount payable on such postponed 
date shall not be adjusted from the amount originally payable; or 
(b)
Payment of USD Equivalent Amount: In the event that, pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) 
above, an Affected Payment Date is adjusted to fall on the Affected Payment Cut-off 
Date (and the Calculation Agent determines an FX Disruption Event or Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event exists or is continuing on the FX Disruption Event Cut-
off Date), then the Issuer may, by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices), elect to make payment (in whole or in part) of the 
USD Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Settlement Amount or other 
amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Cut-off Date in full 
and final settlement of its obligations to pay such Interest Amount, Settlement Amount 
or other amount in respect of the Instruments.  
(c)
Priorities: If the Calculation Agent determines an FX Disruption Event or Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, coincides with a Market Disruption 
Event (as defined in the Share Linked Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions), a 
Disruption Event (as defined in the Commodity Linked Conditions and in the Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions), a Fund Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Fund 
Linked Conditions) or a Physical Settlement Disruption Event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), as the case may be, the provisions of this General Instrument 
Condition 14 shall take effect only after such postponements or adjustments have been 
made as a result of such Market Disruption Event, Disruption Event, Fund Market 
Disruption Event, Physical Settlement Disruption Event in accordance with the Share 
Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions, 
the Futures Contract Linked Conditions or General Instrument Condition 7(f) 
(Settlement Disruption), as applicable, and, notwithstanding the provisions of the Share 
Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions, 
the Fund Linked Conditions, the Futures Contract Linked Conditions or General 
Instrument Condition 7(f) (Settlement Disruption), as the case may be, the Issuer's 
payment obligation of the Settlement Amount shall continue to be postponed or varied 
in accordance with the provisions of this General Instrument Condition 14.  
15.
Automatic Early Exercise 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Automatic Early Exercise" to be applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Exercise Event has occurred in respect 
of an Applicable Date, then the Instruments shall for all purposes be treated as being "Automatic 
Exercise Instruments", and the Expiration Date shall for all purposes be treated as being such 
Applicable Date. The Instruments will thereby be exercised on such Applicable Date, and each 
Holder shall be entitled to receive from the Issuer on the Automatic Early Exercise Date the 
Automatic Early Exercise Amount in respect of each Instrument. 
16.
Optional Early Redemption 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Redemption at the option of the Issuer" to be applicable, all 
of the Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (such option, the "Call Option") 
on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) by the Issuer giving notice (such notice, the "Call 
Option Notice") to the Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series on or before the Call 
Option Notice Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call). The notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Instruments on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) corresponding 
to such Optional Redemption Date (Call) in respect of each Instrument and where the relevant

--- Page 122 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
123 
Issue Terms specify "Accrued interest payable", plus accrued interest (if any) to such date, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. In the case of Instruments held or cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, such notice shall not be less than five Business Days (or such 
other period of time as may be provided by any applicable rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) and in the case of Instruments not held or cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, such notice shall be given in accordance with any applicable rules 
of the relevant Clearing System. 
17.
Redemption 
following 
an 
Original 
Primary 
Rate 
Cessation 
Date 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
If, following the occurrence of (i) an Original Primary Rate Cessation Date or (ii) an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date: 
the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot identify a Replacement 
Primary Rate or determine an Adjustment Spread in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 12(j) on or before the Cut-off Date; 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in General 
Instrument Condition 12(j) (or it would be unlawful or would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject either the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for 
administrators under the Benchmark Regulation) which it is unwilling to 
undertake; or 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement 
Primary Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-off 
Date in accordance with General Instrument Condition 12(j), the adjustments 
provided for in General Instrument Condition 12(j) would not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer, Calculation Agent or the 
Holders, 
then the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments on such day as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 20 and pay to the Holder, in respect of each 
Instrument, the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day. 
18.
Change in law 
Upon a Change in Law Event, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Instruments on such 
day as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) and will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holder in respect 
of each Instrument the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day.  
A "Change in Law Event" shall be deemed to have occurred upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that, due to (a) the adoption of, or any change in, any relevant law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, sanction, or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power (including any tax law) ("applicable law"), or (b) the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the formal or informal interpretation of any applicable law by a court, tribunal, governmental, 
administrative, legislative, regulatory or judicial authority or power with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or 
Clearing Systems) of any relevant law or regulation (including any tax law), which has the effect 
(as determined by the Issuer in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that:

--- Page 123 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
124 
(a)
its performance under the Instruments in whole or in part or its performance or that of 
any of its affiliates under any related Hedge Positions (whether with respect to the 
Underlying Asset(s) or any constituent thereof); or 
(b)
the performance of any of its affiliates under the Instruments had such affiliate been an 
issuer of the Instruments or under any related Hedge Positions (whether with respect 
to the Underlying Asset(s) or any constituent thereof) had such affiliate been a party to 
any such hedging arrangement,  
has or will become unlawful or impractical in whole or in part or there is a substantial likelihood 
of the same in the immediate future. 
19.
Purchase by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Instruments at any price in the open market or by tender 
or private treaty. Any Instruments so purchased may be held, surrendered for cancellation or 
reissued or resold, and Instruments so reissued or resold shall for all purposes be deemed to 
form part of the original Series of Instruments. 
20.
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent, provided that so long as any Euroclear/Clearstream Instrument which is held 
in a Clearing System is outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal Programme Agent. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the Specified Office of a Paying 
Agent or a Calculation Agent will be given to Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices). In acting under the Programme Agency Agreement, each Paying Agent 
acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Holders. 
21.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders to create and 
issue further Instruments so as to form a single Series with the Instruments of any particular 
Series. 
22.
Notices  
(a)
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments, all notices to Holders of such 
Instruments will be valid if notified to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(b)
In respect of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, the Issuer shall, upon receipt of 
instructions from and at the expense of the Issuer arrange for the delivery through 
Monte Titoli of all notices in respect of the Monte Titoli Registered Instruments as may 
be required in accordance with the General Instrument Conditions. 
(c)
In respect of Instruments that are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (or any other stock exchange) and the rules of such exchange so require, all 
notices to the Holders of such Instruments will be valid if published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort (or such other publication as required by the rules of such other 
stock exchange) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
www.bourse.lu. 
(d)
In respect of Instruments traded on the regulated markets and/or on the multilateral 
trading facilities organised and managed by Borsa Italiana and so long as the applicable 
rules so require, all notices to Holders shall be published on Borsa Italiana's website: 
www.borsaitaliana.it and in any case according to the rules of Borsa Italiana from time 
to time applicable.

--- Page 124 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
125 
23.
Modification, Waiver and Acknowledgement, Meetings of Holders 
(a)
Programme Agency Agreement: In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments, the 
Programme Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto without the 
consent of the Holders if, in the opinion of the Issuer, the amendment will not 
materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders. 
(b)
Terms and Conditions: The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments may be amended 
by the Issuer with the approval of the Calculation Agent but without the consent of the 
Holders if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, the 
amendment (i) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or (ii) is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error or omission or (iii) will not materially and adversely affect the 
interests of the Holders. 
(c)
For the avoidance of doubt, these General Instrument Conditions 23(a) and 23(b) shall 
not apply to any adjustments made in accordance with a Underlying Asset Condition. 
Any amendments in accordance with these General Instrument Conditions 23(a) and 
23(b) shall take effect by notice to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices). 
(d)
Meetings of Holders: The Programme Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Holders to consider matters relating to the Instruments, 
including the modification of any provision of the General Instrument 
Conditions relating to a Series of Instruments with the consent of the Issuer. Only 
holders of outstanding Instruments of the Applicable Series (as defined in the 
Programme Agency Agreement in respect of Instruments) will be eligible to participate 
in a meeting of Holders. Such a meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Holders holding not less than one-tenth of the outstanding 
Instruments of that Series. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on a 
Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of 
the outstanding Instruments of that Series or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
Persons being or representing not less than one quarter of the outstanding Instruments. 
Any Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders of 
the Instruments of the Applicable Series, whether present or not. 
(e)
Written resolution: A resolution in writing signed or electronically approved using the 
systems and procedures in place from time to time of a relevant Clearing System by or 
on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
meeting of Holders will take effect as if it were a Resolution passed at a meeting of the 
Holders. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders or 
may be in the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
24.
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Instruments or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which 
the same is payable under these General Instrument Conditions or such order or judgment into 
another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or 
proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) 
enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Instruments, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Holder, on the written demand of such Holder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency 
into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Holder may in the 
ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt 
of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof.

--- Page 125 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
126 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
25.
Rounding 
(a)
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in any applicable Payout Condition, Coupon Payout Condition, Autocall 
Payout Condition or Underlying Asset Condition):  
all values and all percentages used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, in the case of (A) a value, to the nearest five decimal 
places (with 0.000005 being rounded up to 0.00001), and (B) a percentage, to 
the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), unless the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Non-Default Rounding −calculation values and percentages" to 
be applicable, in which case, all percentages and all values used in or resulting 
from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the Specified Decimal 
Place (with halves being rounded up or down, as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms); 
all amounts due and payable denominated in any currency (including an 
Interest Amount and the Settlement Amount) will be rounded to the nearest 
five decimal places (with 0.000005 being rounded up to 0.00001), unless the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Rounding − amounts due and 
payable" to be applicable, in which case, all amounts due and payable (or 
such amounts as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) denominated in any 
currency will be rounded to the nearest Specified Sub-Unit of such currency 
(with halves of the Specified Sub-Unit being rounded up or down, as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), 
or, in any case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Other Rounding 
Convention" is applicable to any relevant percentage, amount or figure as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such percentage, amount or figure shall 
be rounded to the nearest such Specified Sub-Unit of currency or Specified 
Decimal Place, as the case may be, in each case, with halves being rounded 
up or down, as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or the Programme Agency 
Agreement, each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Instrument 
shall be based on the aggregate nominal amount or number of all such Instruments 
outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof), rounded in 
accordance with the method provided in paragraph (a) above and distributed in 
accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
26.
Substitution 
(a)
The Issuer is entitled at any time without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments, 
to substitute the Issuer with another company (the "New Issuer"), in respect of all its 
obligations under or in relation to the Instruments, and provided that: 
the New Issuer assumes, by means of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") 
substantially in the form set out in the Programme Agency Agreement, all 
obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Instruments 
(the "Assumption"); 
the Assumption does not have any adverse legal and tax consequences for 
Holders of the Instruments; 
the New Issuer provides an indemnity in favour of the Holders of the 
Instruments in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable 
solely as a result of the substitution of the Issuer for the New Issuer; and

--- Page 126 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
127 
the New Issuer has obtained all necessary approvals from any regulatory 
authorities in order that the New Issuer can fulfil all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Instruments. 
(b)
In the event that the Issuer is substituted for the New Issuer, any reference to the Issuer 
in these General Instrument Conditions shall then be deemed to be a reference to the 
New Issuer. 
(c)
The substitution of the Issuer in accordance with General Instrument Condition 26(a) 
(Substitution) shall be notified in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices), but failure to provide such notice shall not affect the effectiveness of the 
substitution. 
27.
Prescription 
In respect of Instruments claims against the Issuer the for payment or delivery in respect of the 
Instruments shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in case of 
interest) and 10 years (in the case of principal) from the Maturity Date and no claims shall be 
made after such date. 
28.
Taxation 
Subject to the paragraph below, the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any 
tax, duty, withholding or other similar payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, 
transfer or exercise of any Instruments. Where such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, the appropriate withholding or deduction shall be made and the Issuer shall not have any 
obligation to pay any additional amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction.  
In addition, any amounts to be paid on the Instruments by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be paid by the Issuer on 
account of any such deduction or withholding. 
29.
Governing Law 
The Instruments (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the 
Instruments or their formation) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English 
law.  
30.
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes, controversy, 
proceedings or claim of whatever nature that may arise out of or in connection with any 
Instruments (including their formation) and accordingly any such legal action or proceedings 
("Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. The Issuer and the Holders irrevocably submit 
to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waive any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. 
31.
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of any Instruments which are 
governed by English law under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 127 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
128 
32.
Events of Default 
(a)
Events of Default: an Event of Default with respect to any issuance of Instruments will 
mean any of the following: 
the Issuer does not pay the Settlement Amount or other termination amount or 
any other amount payable on the Instruments of the respective Series (other 
than Interest Amounts) within 30 days from the relevant due date; 
the Issuer does not pay interest on any of the Instruments of the respective 
Series when the same is due and payable or does not deliver any Deliverable 
Asset when the same is due and deliverable and such failure continues for 30 
days after notice of such failure has been received by the Issuer from a Holder;  
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); 
any event occurs which under the laws of any country where the Issuer  are 
deemed to have their "centre of main interest" for the purposes of Council 
Regulation (EU) no. 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA that has an analogous effect to any of 
the events referred to in paragraph (ii) above; or 
where a New Issuer has assumed all the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to 
General Instrument Condition 26 (Substitution), any event occurs which (a) 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the New Issuer or (b) 
under the laws of the country where the successor firm has its "centre of main 
interest" for the purposes of Council Regulation (EU) no. 2015/848 on 
insolvency proceedings as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA, has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraph (ii) above. 
(b)
Consequences: If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Holder of any 
Instrument may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or, in the case or Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments only, to the Specified Office of 
the Principal Programme Agent, as the case may be, declare its Instrument to be 
immediately due and payable and unless all such defaults have been cured by the Issuer 
prior to the receipt of such notice, the nominal amount of the Instrument (if any) shall 
be immediately due and payable together with accrued interest (if any) unless the 
Settlement Amount or Interest Amount of the Instrument is linked to or determined by 
reference to one or more Underlying Asset(s), in which case the amount payable upon 
such acceleration shall be equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount (and 
the payment of such amount shall be postponed until the Business Day after the Non-
scheduled Early Repayment Amount has been finally determined).

--- Page 128 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
129 
ANNEX 1: FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE IN RESPECT OF MONTE TITOLI 
REGISTERED INSTRUMENTS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 30 September 2022 as supplemented from time to time. 
To: 
Marex Financial 
EXERCISE NOTICE 
MAREX FINANCIAL ("the Issuer") 
[] 
[] 
[Title of Instruments] 
When duly completed and signed by the relevant Holder, this Exercise Notice should be delivered, in the 
case of Monte Titoli Registered Instruments, to the Issuer. 
Note: 
(1) 
(in the case of American Style and Bermudan Style Instruments), this Exercise Notice should be 
delivered not later than 10.00 a.m. Milan time on any Exercise Date during the Exercise Period 
or,  
(2) 
(in the case of European Style Instruments), this Exercise Notice should be delivered at any time 
after 10.00 a.m. Milan time on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Exercise 
Date but not later than 10.00 a.m. Milan time on the relevant Exercise Date. 
RELEVANT AGENT: 
Issuer 
Address: 
Marex Financial 
155 Bishopsgate 
London, EC2M 3TQ 
Email: 
london-legal@marex.com;  
Attention: 
Group Legal 
[insert the name of any other relevant Agent] 
Address:
[] 
Facsimile: 
[] 
E-mail: 
[] 
Attention: 
[] 
Failure to properly complete this Exercise Notice or to submit a substantially similar form of Exercise 
Notice (in the sole determination of the Issuer) or purporting to exercise Instruments otherwise than in 
accordance with the Conditions thereof will result in this Exercise Notice being treated as null and void.  
Additionally, if the number of Instruments specified in this Exercise Notice exceeds the number of 
Instruments held in the relevant account, or if the Series of Instruments specified in the Exercise Notice

--- Page 129 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
130 
on the Exercise Date differs from the Series of Instruments held in the relevant account(s), this Exercise 
Notice will be treated as null and void. 
One Exercise Notice must be completed for each Series of Instruments. 
PLEASE USE CAPITAL LETTERS 
1.
Details of Holder(s) 
(a)
Name: 
[] 
(b)
Address: 
[] 
(c)
Facsimile: 
[] 
(d)
E-mail: 
[] 
(e)
Telephone: 
[] 
(f)
Attention: 
[] 
2.
Details of Series and Tranche of Instruments 
The description of the Instruments to which this Exercise Notice relates is as follows: 
Series:  
[] 
Tranche: 
[] 
ISIN or Common Code:  
[] 
Final Terms dated: 
[] / 
Pricing Supplement dated: 
[] 
3.
Exercise of Instruments 
I/We*, being the holder of the Instruments referred to below forming part of the above Instruments, 
hereby exercise such Instruments. 
4.
Number of Instruments exercised 
The number of Instruments exercised is as follows:  [] 
Note: If Instruments are designated as "American Style Instruments" or "Bermudan Style Instruments" 
and a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement 
(as applicable), the Instruments of such Series or Tranche may only be exercised in the Minimum 
Exercise Number or such multiples in which such Series or Tranche may be exercised in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable). 
If Securities are designated as "American Style Instruments" or "Bermudan Style Instruments" and a 
Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable), then if, following any Exercise Date other than the Final Exercise Date, the Issuer determines 
in its sole and absolute discretion that more than the Maximum Exercise Number were exercised on such 
Exercise Date, the consequences mentioned in General Instrument Condition 10(b) (Maximum Exercise 
Number).

--- Page 130 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
131 
5.
Account details for exercised Instruments to be debited 
I/We* hereby irrevocably instruct Monte Titoli to debit on or before the Settlement Date** my/our* 
account with the number of Instruments hereby being exercised.  My/Our* account with Monte Titoli to 
be debited is as follows: 
Relevant Settlement System:  Monte Titoli  
Number of the Participant ID:   
[] 
Number of the Member Account:  [] 
Contact name and Phone Number: [] 
Other details (as may be required by Monte Titoli):  [] 
I/We* hereby confirm having irrevocably input a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction 
through Monte Titoli to effect the delivery of the number of Instruments being exercised to the Issuer to 
the Securities Account specified above against payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of the Settlement 
Amount for settlement on the Settlement Date. 
6.
Payment of the Settlement Amount 
My/our* account with Monte Titoli  to be credited with payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of the 
Settlement Amount or (in any case) any other amount payable by the Issuer for the Instruments exercised 
(the "Settlement Account") is as follows: 
Number of the Participant ID [AB1 Code, CAB Code]:  [] 
Number of the Member Account to be credited:  [] 
Other details (as may be required by Monte Titoli):  [] 
7.
Expenses 
I/We* hereby undertake to pay all expenses, costs, charges, tax, duties, withholding or other payments, 
including, without limitation, all stamp, issue, registration or securities transfer or other similar taxes or 
duties or governmental charges ("Expenses") and I/we* hereby irrevocably instruct the Issuer or Monte 
Titoli (or any other agent) on behalf of the Issuer to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
Settlement Amount due to me/us*, or, at any time after the Settlement Date**, to debit the Settlement 
Account specified in paragraph 6 above with an amount or amounts in respect thereof and to pay such 
Expenses to the extent of such amount or amounts. 
8.
Certification 
I/We* hereby certify that the Instruments are not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. person or 
person within the United States and the Securities are not beneficially owned by a U.S. person or person 
within the United States.  As used in this paragraph "United States" means the United States of America, 
its territories or possessions, any state of the United States, the District of Columbia or any other enclave 
of the United States government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and "U.S. person" means (i) any 
person who is a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended. 
I/We* understand that certain portions of this Exercise Notice are required in connection with certain tax 
and securities laws of the United States.  If administrative or legal proceedings are commenced in 
connection with which this Exercise Notice is or would be relevant, I/we* irrevocably authorise you to 
produce this Exercise Notice to any interested party in such proceedings. 
9.
Dated: 
[]

--- Page 131 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
132 
10.
Signed: 
[] 
_______________________ 
* 
Delete as appropriate 
** 
An Exercise Notice which has not been received by the exercise time specified in the Conditions, 
shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (and the Exercise Date for such Instruments will 
be the Expiration Date) subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions.

--- Page 132 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
133 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Contents of General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
1. 
Introduction 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
3. 
Form and Denomination 
4. 
Title 
5. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
6. 
Status of the Notes  
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Conditions 
8. 
Floating Rate Note Conditions 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
11. 
Payments 
12. 
Physical Settlement 
13. 
Consequences of an FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event 
14. 
Events of Default 
15. 
Modification, Waiver and Acknowledgement, Meetings of Noteholders 
16. 
Replacement of Registered Notes 
17. 
Change in law 
18. 
Agents 
19. 
Further Issues 
20. 
Notices 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
22. 
Rounding 
23. 
Substitution 
24. 
Prescription 
25. 
Taxation 
26. 
Governing Law 
27. 
Jurisdiction 
28. 
Third Party Rights 
The following is the text of the general terms and conditions of the Notes (the "General Note Conditions", 
which, together with the Payout Conditions , the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any), the 
applicable Autocall Payout Conditions (if any), the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions (if any) and 
as completed by the relevant Issue Terms for the particular Tranche (or Tranches) of Notes, comprise

--- Page 133 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
134 
the Terms and Conditions of such Tranche (or Tranches) of Notes. The Terms and Conditions of each 
Tranche of Notes are incorporated by reference into each Registered Note (if any) representing such 
Tranche, and the Terms and Conditions of each Tranche of Notes will be endorsed on each Note in 
definitive form for each Tranche. The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any series of Exempt 
Securities may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the General Note Conditions (and/or the applicable Payout Conditions and/or the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions), replace or modify the General Note Conditions (and/or the 
applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions) for the purpose of 
such Exempt Securities. References in the Conditions to "Securities" are to the Securities of one Series 
only, not to all Securities that may be issued under the Programme.  
In the case of (i) an increase of the issue size of a Series of Notes issued under the Base Prospectus 2021 
and/or (ii) a continuation of the offer of a Series of Notes issued under the Base Prospectus 2021 the 
relevant information under "General Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the Base Prospectus 2021 
(as supplemented) which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see under "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference") will apply. 
1.
Introduction 
(a)
Programme: Marex Financial ("Marex Financial" or the "Issuer") has established the 
programme for the issuance of notes, warrants and certificates (the "Programme"). 
Prior to the Programme Agent Effective Date, the Issuer will not issue any Notes other 
than Monte Titoli Registered Notes. 
(b)
Programme Agency Agreement: On any date following the Programme Agent Effective 
Date, the notes (the "Notes"), are issued pursuant to a programme agency agreement 
dated as of the Programme Agent Effective Date (the "Programme Agency 
Agreement", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto 
or replacements thereof under the Programme from time to time) between, among 
others, the Issuer, the registrar in respect of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor registrar appointed in accordance with the Programme Agency Agreement), 
the fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
fiscal agent appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement), the transfer agent 
(the "Transfer Agent"), the paying agent in Italy in respect of Notes cleared through 
Monte Titoli (the "Italian Paying Agent") and together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agency 
Agreement) and Marex Financial, in its capacity as calculation agent in respect of the 
Notes, or such other entity appointed as calculation agent in respect of the Notes (the 
"Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agency Agreement). References herein 
to the "Agents" are to the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agents and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. Prior to the Programme Agent Effective 
Date, of if later, the date on which an entity other than Marex Financial is appointed as 
calculation agent in respect of the Notes, references in these General Note Conditions 
to the "Calculation Agent" should be read as references to the Issuer undertaking the 
responsibilities of the calculation agent in respect of the Notes, and any references to 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent taking action with respect to the other should be 
read accordingly. 
(c)
Terms and Conditions: The terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions" or the 
"Conditions") of the Notes comprise the following:  
these General Note Conditions; 
the Payout Conditions (the "Payout Conditions"), as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms;

--- Page 134 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
135 
the Coupon Payout Conditions (the "Coupon Payout Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
the Autocall Payout Conditions (the "Autocall Payout Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
the Underlying Asset Conditions (the "Underlying Asset Conditions") (if 
applicable) which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In relation to: 
Share Linked Notes, the Share Linked Conditions (the "Share 
Linked Conditions") shall apply; 
Index Linked Notes, the Index Linked Conditions (the "Index 
Linked Conditions") shall apply; 
Commodity Linked Notes, the Commodity Linked Conditions (the 
"Commodity Linked Conditions") shall apply;  
FX Linked Notes, the FX Linked Conditions (the "FX Linked 
Conditions") shall apply;  
Fund Linked Notes, the Fund Linked Conditions (the "Fund Linked 
Conditions") shall apply;  
Futures Contract Linked Notes, the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions (the "Futures Contract Linked Conditions") shall 
apply; 
Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Securities Conditions (the 
"Credit Linked Securities Conditions") shall apply; 
in the case of each of (i)−(v), subject to completion of the issue specific terms 
by the relevant Issue Terms in relation to the Notes. 
In the event of any inconsistency (other than in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes) between any of the General Note Conditions, the applicable Payout 
Conditions, the applicable Autocall Payout Conditions, the applicable Coupon 
Payout Conditions, the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions and the 
relevant Issue Terms, the prevailing term will be determined in accordance 
with the following order of priority (where 1. prevails over the other terms): 
1. 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
2. 
the applicable Payout Conditions; 
3. 
the applicable Autocall Payout Conditions (if any); 
4. 
the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any); 
5. 
the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions (if any); and 
6. 
General Note Conditions, 
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything 
else in these Terms and Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall 
prevail over any inconsistent term in any other part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
In case of Credit Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between any 
of the General Note Conditions,  the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions, 
the applicable the Credit Linked Securities Conditions and the relevant Issue

--- Page 135 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
136 
Terms, the prevailing term will be determined in accordance with the 
following order of priority (where 1. prevails over the other terms): 
1.            the relevant Issue Terms; 
2.            the Credit Linked Securities Conditions; 
3.            the applicable Coupon Payout Conditions (if any); and 
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything 
else in these Terms and Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall 
prevail over any inconsistent term in any other part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments. 
(d)
Issue Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a 
"Tranche") of Notes. One or more Tranches of Notes will be the subject of an issue 
terms (the "Issue Terms") a copy of which may be obtained free of charge from the 
Specified Office of the relevant Paying Agent. References to the "relevant Issue 
Terms" or the "applicable Issue Terms" or "the Issue Terms" in relation to any Notes 
means the particular Issue Terms prepared in respect of such Notes. The Issue Terms 
shall comprise either (a) where the Notes are a Tranche of Notes that are not Exempt 
Securities, a final terms document (the ''Final Terms'') or (b) where the Notes are a 
Tranche of Notes that are Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement document (the 
"Pricing Supplement"), provided that Notes in respect of which none of the Issuer or 
Dealer(s) shall offer or apply for listing within the European Economic Area may be 
issued by way of Final Terms (at the discretion of the Issuer). In the case of Notes in 
relation to which application has been made for listing on the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will be lodged with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In 
relation to Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("Borsa Italiana"), copies of the relevant Final Terms will be lodged with Borsa 
Italiana and will be available for viewing on the website of Borsa Italiana 
(www.borsaitaliana.it) and copies of which may be obtained free of charge from the 
Specified Office of the Italian Paying Agent. 
(e)
Deed of Covenant: The Notes are issued in registered form (the "Registered Notes"), 
and are constituted by and have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of 
Covenant") made by the Issuer.  
(f)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these General Note Conditions to "Notes" are 
to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Issue Terms. 
(g)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these General Note Conditions are summaries of the 
Programme Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Programme Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. Copies of the Programme 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Agents.  
2.
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions: In these General Note Conditions the following expressions have the 
following meanings:  
"Accrual Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if no such date is specified, the Issue Date; 
"Accrual Yield" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 136 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
137 
"Additional Business Centre" means the place(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre" means the place(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Adjusted Affected Payment Date" means, in respect of the occurrence of an FX 
Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event, the Specified Day(s) 
following the day on which an FX Disruption Event or Currency Conversion 
Disruption Event ceases to exist (as determined by the Calculation Agent), unless the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date", in which 
case, "Adjusted Affected Payment Date" means the second Business Day following the 
day on which an FX Disruption Event or Currency Conversion Disruption Event ceases 
to exist (as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Adjusted Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Adjustment Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate Event: 
(a)
the later of: 
(i)
the first date on which the Calculation Agent had identified a 
Replacement Primary Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread, as 
applicable; and 
(ii)
the first to occur of: (A) the first date on which the Original Primary 
Rate is no longer available following an Original Primary Rate 
Cessation, or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as 
relevant in relation to such Original Primary Rate Event; or 
(b)
such other date as the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of a Replacement Primary Rate, the 
adjustment, if any, to such Replacement Primary Rate that the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is required 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value from the Issuer to the Holders (or vice versa) as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Primary Rate with such Replacement Primary Rate. Any 
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Primary Rate by comparison to the Original Primary Rate. The Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. If 
a spread or formula or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Primary Rate with such Replacement Primary Rate, 
that spread shall apply or that formula or methodology shall be used to determine the 
Adjustment Spread (as the case may be), and such spread, formula or methodology (as 
the case may be) shall be adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that the spread, 
formula or methodology (as the case may be) is used in the context of the Notes. If no 
spread or formula methodology has been designated, nominated or recommended, and 
the Calculation Agent is required to determine the Adjustment Spread, it shall consider 
(i) any Relevant Market Data, and (ii) the spread or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Original Primary Rate;

--- Page 137 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
138 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in respect of any Notes and an Original Primary 
Rate, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of 
the following events in respect of such Original Primary Rate:  
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of an Original Primary 
Rate or the administrator or sponsor of an Original Primary Rate has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, 
or any prohibition by a relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Primary Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(b) 
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Original Primary 
Rate or any other means of calculating the Original Primary Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent ("Material Methodology Change Event");  
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary 
Rate, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be:  
(a) in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the Original Primary Rate may no longer be used 
under any applicable law or regulation by Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; or 
(b) in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", the date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the 
Original Primary Rate becomes effective, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Strike Date, the Strike Date;  
"Affected Payment Cut-off Date" means the Specified Day(s) following the FX 
Disruption Event Cut-off Date, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default 
Affected Payment Cut-off Date", in which case, "Affected Payment Cut-off Date" 
means the second Business Day following the FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date; 
"Affected Payment Date" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 13(a) 
(Postponement or Payment in USD); 
"Agents" means the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agents and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them; 
"Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate" means, in respect of an Original 
Primary Rate, any index, benchmark or other price source which is formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by:  
(i)
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii)
the administrator or sponsor of the Original Primary Rate, provided 
that such index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the 
same as the Original Primary Rate,  
in each case, to replace such Original Primary Rate. If a replacement 
index, benchmark or other price source is designated, nominated or 
recommended under both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, then the 
replacement index, benchmark or other price source designated, 
nominated or recommended under paragraph (i) shall be the 
Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate;

--- Page 138 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
139 
"Applicable Date" means each Autocall Observation Date or other date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"applicable law" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 17 (Change in 
law); 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means an asset transfer notice in the form set out in the 
Programme Agency Agreement (copies of which may be obtained from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Paying Agents); 
"Assumption" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 23 (Substitution); 
"Autocall Event" has the meaning given in the Autocall Payout Conditions; 
"Autocall Event Amount" has the meaning given in the Autocall Payout Conditions; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Applicable Date, 
the Autocall Event Amount or such other amount as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means: 
(i)
in respect of any Applicable Date, (a) such date as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date"), provided that, if the relevant Applicable Date 
is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding 
Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect of such Applicable 
Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days 
equal to the Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement 
Period Business Days after such Applicable Date or (b) the date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the day falling the number of 
Business Day(s) after such Applicable Date; 
(ii)
in respect of Share Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Automatic Early Redemption Date −Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)" to be applicable, "Automatic Early 
Redemption Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions); 
(iii)
in respect of Index Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Automatic Early Redemption Date −Index Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)" to be applicable, "Automatic Early 
Redemption Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Index Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions); 
(iv)
in respect of Commodity Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Automatic Early Redemption Date −Commodity 
Linked Condition 7 (General Definitions)" to be applicable, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" has the meaning ascribed to it 
in Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General Definitions);  
(v)
in respect of Fund Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Automatic Early Redemption Date - Fund Linked 
Condition 8 (Definitions)" to be applicable, "Automatic Early 
Redemption Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Fund Linked 
Condition 8 (Definitions); and 
(vi)
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Automatic Early Redemption Date – Contract  
Linked Condition 8 (Definitions)" to be applicable, "Automatic Early 
Redemption Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Futures Contract 
Linked Condition 8 (Definitions),

--- Page 139 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
140 
(vii)
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"First Automatic Early Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date shall be, in respect of any 
Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Applicable Date (each, 
a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date" or, if 
later, the later to occur of (1) the Automatic Early 
Redemption Specified Day(s) following the Scheduled 
Applicable Date corresponding to such Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), and (2) the day falling 
the number of Business Days equal to the Number of 
Automatic Early Redemption Settlement Period Business 
Days after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Determination Date; or 
(B)
"Second Automatic Early Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date shall be, in respect of any 
Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Applicable Date (each, 
a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), or, if 
later, the day falling the number of Automatic Early 
Redemption Specified Day(s) after the Relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Determination Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" in respect of any Applicable Date, means (and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of 
such Applicable Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has 
occurred on such Applicable Date;  
"Automatic Early Redemption Specified Day(s)" means, in respect of an Applicable 
Date corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date, such number 
of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business Day(s) or calendar days as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Applicable Date; 
"Benchmark Regulation" means: 
(i)
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as may be amended 
from time to time), including any subsidiary legislation or rules and 
regulations and associated guidance implemented in the European 
Union from time to time; or 
(ii)
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended, and regulations made thereunder, including any 
subsidiary legislation or rules and regulations and associated 
guidance implemented in the United Kingdom from time to time, 
as applicable in respect of the Notes.;

--- Page 140 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
141 
"Bloomberg Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any designated page, the 
display page so designated on the Bloomberg® service (or such other page as may 
replace that page on that service (or replace such services) for the purpose of displaying 
a rate comparable to such Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Business Day" means (unless otherwise defined in the Coupon Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions or the Payout Conditions, as applicable): 
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre, provided that if the Additional Business 
Centre is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be or to include 
TARGET, then a Business Day shall also be a TARGET Settlement 
Day; and 
(iii)
in the case of Notes held or to be held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, a day on which Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) is open for business;  
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default 
Business Day" to be applicable, in which case "Business Day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre, provided that if the Additional 
Business Centre is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be or to 
include TARGET, then a day which is also a TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Business Day Convention" means, in relation to any relevant date referred to in the 
Conditions which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day, and if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms is: 
(i)
"Following Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified 
Business Day Convention" (in the case of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Registered Notes), the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii)
"Nearest", the relevant date shall be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day, if the relevant date would otherwise fall on a day other 
than a Sunday or a Monday, and will be the first following day that 
is a Business Day, if the relevant date would otherwise fall on a 
Sunday or a Monday; 
(iv)
"Preceding Business Day Convention", the relevant date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 141 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
142 
(v)
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention", each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which 
is the number of months specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which any such date should occur, then 
such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then such date will be the first following 
day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding 
day which is a Business Day; and 
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a 
calendar month which was a Business Day, then all 
subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and  
(vi)
"No Adjustment", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means Marex Financial or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the Conditions; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
provided that, in respect of Instalment Notes, the Calculation Amount shall (i) on any 
day falling prior to the Initial Instalment Date, be equal to the Initial Calculation 
Amount and (ii) on any day falling on or after the Initial Instalment Date, be equal to 
the Adjusted Calculation Amount; 
"Calculation Period" has the meaning given in the definition of "Day Count Fraction"; 
"Call Option Notice Date" means: 
(i)
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or the number 
of Business Days preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
that is specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(ii)
if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date (Call) specified 
in the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call)", each date set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call Option Notice 
Date(s)" in the row corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) or the number of Business Days preceding such Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) that is specified in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Call Option Notice Date(s)" in the row 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
provided that if "Call Option Notice Date Adjustment" is specified to apply in 
the relevant Issue  Terms, then each Call Option Notice Date shall be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Underlying Asset 
Conditions as if such date were a Valuation Date and the date on which such

--- Page 142 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
143 
Call Option Notice Date is scheduled to fall prior to any adjustment under the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions were a Scheduled Valuation Date; 
"Clearing System" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing 
system as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" has the meaning given in General Note 
Condition 11(a)(iv) (Record Date); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Closing Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; 
"Commodity Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Commodity Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Common Safekeeper" means an ICSD in its capacity as common safekeeper or a 
person nominated by the ICSDs to perform the role of common safekeeper; 
"Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) (Terms and 
Conditions); 
"Credit Linked Securities Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Credit Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate and: 
(i)
an Original Primary Rate Cessation , the later of (a) the date that falls 
the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if not so specified, the 30th Business Day) following the 
occurrence of such Original Primary Rate Cessation, and (b) the first 
day on which the Original Primary Rate is no longer available 
following such Original Primary Rate Cessation; or  
(ii)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) the date that falls 
the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if not so specified, the 30th Business Day) following the 
occurrence of such Administrator/Benchmark Event, and (b) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date;  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and: 
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular 
Period, the sum of: 
(1)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Regular Period in which it begins 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of

--- Page 143 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
144 
days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Regular Period divided by the 
product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(ii)
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[ଷ଺଴ × (ଢ଼మିଢ଼భ) ା[ଷ଴ × (୑మ– ୑భ)] ା(ୈమିୈభ)]
ଷ଺଴
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[ଷ଺଴ × (ଢ଼మିଢ଼భ) ା[ଷ଴ × (୑మ– ୑భ)] ା(ୈమିୈభ)]
ଷ଺଴
Where:

--- Page 144 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
145 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Deed of Covenant" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(e) (Deed of 
Covenant); 
"Deliverable Assets" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions; 
"Eligible Financial Institution" means a financial institution organised under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in the United States of America, the United Kingdom or the 
European Union; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended); 
"euro", "EUR" or "€" means the lawful single currency of the member states of the 
European Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency 
through monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended 
from time to time); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
"Exempt Securities'' means Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or in respect of which a separate prospectus other 
than the Base Prospectus under the Programme will be published under the applicable 
regulation); 
"Event of Default" means any of the events described in General Note Condition 14(a) 
(Events of Default); 
"Final Instalment Amount" means an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount; 
"Final Instalment Date" means the Maturity Date; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Note, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms or determined in accordance with the Payout 
Conditions  which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(d) (Issue Terms); 
"first currency" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 21 (Currency 
Indemnity); 
"Fiscal Agent" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 145 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
146 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Fixed Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such 
other date as may be specified as the Fixed Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Floating Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such 
other date as may be specified as the Floating Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Fractional Cash Amount" has the meaning given in the Coupon Payout Conditions; 
"Fractional Entitlement" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions; 
"Fund" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; 
"Fund Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"Fund Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Fund Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; 
"Futures Contract" has the meaning given in the Futu Contract Linked Conditions; 
"Futures Contract Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note 
Condition 1(c) (Terms and Conditions); 
"Futures Contract Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Futures Contract Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions; 
"FX Disruption Event" has the meaning given in FX Linked Condition 4 
(Definitions); 
"FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date" means the Specified Day(s) following the 
original date on which the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date 
on which amounts are payable under the Notes by the Issuer, as applicable, was 
scheduled to fall, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default FX Disruption Event 
Cut-off Date", in which case, "FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date" means the fifteenth 
Business Day following the original date on which the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
Maturity Date or other date on which amounts are payable under the Notes by the 
Issuer, as applicable, was scheduled to fall; 
"FX Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"FX Linked Interest" means the Interest Amount or Rate of Interest payable being 
determined by reference to a currency exchange rate or a basket of currency exchange 
rates; 
"FX Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Global Registered Note" means any Registered Note in global form; 
"Hedge Positions" means any one or more securities positions, derivatives positions 
or other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered 
into or maintained by the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, in order to hedge, or otherwise

--- Page 146 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
147 
in connection with, the Notes including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such positions 
in respect of the relevant Deliverable Assets in respect of the Notes;  
"Holder" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 4 (Title); 
"ICSDs" means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear; 
"Index Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"Index Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Individual Note Certificates" means individual Note Certificates; 
"Initial Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Initial Instalment Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Initial Instalment Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of a period or an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount of interest payable for such period or on such Interest Payment Date as 
determined or calculated in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Interest Basis" means any of Fixed Coupon, Floating Coupon or Conditional Coupon, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Fixed Interest Commencement Date or 
the Floating Interest Commencement Date (as applicable); 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of the Reference Rate for any 
relevant day, such relevant day or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such number 
of Rate Business Days prior to such relevant day as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Floating Rate Note 
Conditions" to be applicable or the Conditions specify that such date is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, if such date is not a 
Business Day, it shall be adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, 
and if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms as the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date, and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the Interest 
Periods, or particular Interest Periods shall be (i) "Adjusted", then each Interest Period 
shall commence on or end on, as the case may be, the relevant Interest Payment Date 
after all applicable adjustments to such Interest Payment Date pursuant to the 
Conditions, or (ii) "Unadjusted", then each Interest Period shall commence on or end 
on, as the case may be, the date on which the relevant Interest Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall, disregarding all applicable adjustments to such Interest Payment Date 
pursuant to the Conditions;

--- Page 147 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
148 
"Interest Rate Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 8(d) (ISDA 
Determination); 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments (the "2006 
Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, and the latest 
version of each Matrix (as defined therein), published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Instruments (the "2021 Definitions"); 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Issue Price" means, unless otherwise defined in the Coupon Payout Conditions, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Issuer" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(a) (Programme); 
"Italian Paying Agent" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Margin" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Maturity Date" means (unless otherwise defined in the Payout Conditions):  
(i)
the Scheduled Maturity Date, and if the Relevant Determination Date 
is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date shall 
instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the 
Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Relevant 
Determination Date; 
(ii)
in respect of Share Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date −Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions); 
(iii)
in respect of Index Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date −Index Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Index 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions);  
(iv)
in respect of Commodity Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Maturity Date −Commodity Linked Condition 7 
(General Definitions)" to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General 
Definitions);  
(v)
in respect of Fund Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date − Fund Linked Condition 8 (Definitions)" to 
be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Fund 
Linked Condition 8 (Definitions); and  
(vi)
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Maturity Date – Futures Contract Linked Condition 8

--- Page 148 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
149 
(Definitions)" to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning 
ascribed to it in Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 (Definitions); 
(vii)
in respect of Credit Linked Notes, and if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Maturity Date – Credit Linked Securities Condition 11 
(Definitions)" to be applicable, "Maturity Date" has the meaning 
ascribed to "Credit Linked Security Date in Credit Linked Securities" 
Condition 11 (Definitions),  
unless, in each case, the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(A)
"First Maturity Date Specific Adjustment" to be 
applicable, in which case the Maturity Date shall be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, if later, the later to occur of (1) 
the Specified Day(s) after the Scheduled Determination 
Date or the Relevant Determination Date (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), and (2) the number of Business Days 
equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days 
after the Relevant Determination Date; or 
(B)
"Second Maturity Date Specific Adjustment" to be 
applicable, in which case the Maturity Date shall be the later 
to occur of (1) the Scheduled Maturity Date or if such date 
is not a Business Day, such date after adjustment, if 
applicable, in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Maturity Date Business Day Convention", and (2) the 
Specified Day(s) following the Relevant Determination 
Date; or 
(C)
"Business Day Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case 
the Maturity Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall 
be such date after adjustments, if applicable, in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention"; or 
(D)
"Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date Adjustment" to be 
applicable, in which case, the Maturity Date shall be the 
later of (1) the Scheduled Maturity Date or if such date is 
not a Business Day, such date after adjustments, if 
applicable, in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Maturity Date Business Day Convention" (such adjusted 
date, the "Adjusted Scheduled Maturity Date"), and (2) 
the second Business Day following the Relevant 
Determination Date, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(E)
"No Adjustment" to be applicable, in which case the 
Maturity Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date without 
adjustment; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Maximum Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of

--- Page 149 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
150 
each Interest Period, the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Minimum Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Minimum Trading Number" means the minimum principal amount of Notes which 
may be transferred in each transaction as specified in the relevant Issue Terms pursuant 
to General Note Condition 5(g) (Minimum Trading Number); 
"Monte Titoli" means the dematerialised securities post-trading system devoted to the 
centralised administration of financial instruments operated by Monte Titoli S.p.A.; 
"Monte Titoli Holder" means the person for the time being appearing in the books of 
Monte Titoli as the holder of a Note; 
"Monte Titoli Registered Notes" means Notes cleared through Monte Titoli; 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 23 (Substitution); 
"Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount" means, on any day, in respect of any 
Note: 
(i)
if "Par plus accrued" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount, equal to the Specified Denomination of a Note (or, if less, 
its outstanding nominal amount) plus, if applicable, any accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption of the Notes, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii)
if "Fair Market Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount which shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) as applicable: 
(A)
in the case of a Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount 
being payable due to the occurrence of an Event of Default 
and with respect to a Note, on any day, an amount which 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair 
market value of the Notes as of that day, determined by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation (a) market 
prices or values for any Underlying Asset(s) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates and, if 
applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into 
account the bid or offer prices of any Underlying Asset(s) 
and such other relevant economic variables; (b) the 
remaining term of the Notes had they remained outstanding 
to the date of redemption and/or any scheduled early 
redemption date; (d) if applicable, accrued interest; (e) 
internal pricing models of the Issuer and its affiliates, and 
provided that, for such purpose: 
(1)
the Calculation Agent shall assume that the Issuer is 
a Qualified Financial Institution or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Qualified 
Financial Institution exists, the Calculation Agent 
shall assume the Issuer is an Eligible Financial 
Institution which has, at that time, (a) outstanding 
debt obligations with a stated maturity of one year 
or less from the date of issue and (b) the highest 
rating 
assigned 
to 
such 
outstanding 
debt 
obligations by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group or 
Moody's Investor Service, Inc. or any successor of 
either entity, provided that if both entities no longer

--- Page 150 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
151 
exist, an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion; and 
(2)
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies "Adjusted for 
Issuer Expenses and Costs" as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall adjust such amount fully 
for any reasonable expenses and costs of the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, including those relating to the 
unwinding if any underlying and/or related 
hedging arrangement, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or  
(B)
otherwise, on any day, an amount, which shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market 
value of the Note on the second Business Day prior to the 
date of redemption, determined by reference to such factors 
as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate 
including, without limitation (a) market prices or values for 
any Underlying Asset(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange 
rates) at the relevant time, taking into account the bid or 
offer prices of any Underlying Asset(s) and such other 
relevant economic variables; (b) the remaining term of the 
Notes had they remained outstanding to the date of 
redemption or settlement and/or any scheduled early 
redemption or settlement date; (c) if applicable, accrued 
interest; (d) internal pricing models of the Issuer and its 
affiliates; and (e) the hypothetical cost of the Issuer of re-
establishing the funding provided by the Notes, and 
provided that, for such purpose, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specifies "Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and Costs" as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such amount 
fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, including, those relating to the 
unwinding of any underlying and/or related hedging 
arrangements, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(iii)
if "Zero Coupon Note Conditions apply" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and "Accreted Value" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to the Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date determined in accordance with General Note 
Condition 10(k) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); 
Payment of the Non-Scheduled Early Repayment Amount will be made in such manner 
and in such currency, which may be different from the Specified Currency, as shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with General Note Condition 20 (Notices). 
"Note Certificate" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 4(a) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Noteholder" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 4 (Title);  
"Notes" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(b) (Programme Agency 
Agreement); 
"Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement Period Business Days" 
means the number of Business Days which the Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the 
Strike Date, shall fall in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Scheduled 
Applicable Date corresponding to the relevant Applicable Date, and ending on, and

--- Page 151 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
152 
including, the corresponding Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect 
of such Applicable Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Number of Settlement Period Business Days" means the number of Business Days 
which the Calculation Agent anticipates, as at the Strike Date, shall fall in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Scheduled Determination Date, and ending on, and 
including, the Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date (Call), the amount set forth in the 
Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call)" in the row corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means the amount as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or the number of Business Days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
following the corresponding Call Option Notice Date, or, if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the later of such dates, or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in 
the relevant Issue Terms, each date set forth in the Optional Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)" or the number of Business Days 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms following the corresponding Call Option 
Notice Date in the Optional Redemption Table, or, if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the later of such dates; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means, in respect of each nominal amount of each 
Note equal to the Calculation Amount for which a Put Option Notice has been received 
and the Put Option Exercise Date of such Put Option Notice, such number of Business 
Day(s) following the relevant Put Option Exercise Date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Optional Redemption 
Date (Put)", in which case, the "Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means the fifth 
Business Day following the relevant Put Option Exercise Date;  
"Optional Redemption Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Original Primary Rate" means any Reference Rate or ISDA Rate specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these General Note Conditions and/or the Coupon Payout Conditions. To the extent 
that a Replacement Primary Rate is determined to be used in respect of the Notes, such 
Replacement Primary Rate shall be an "Original Primary Rate" for the Notes during 
the period on which it is used; 
"Original Primary Rate Cessation" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, 
the determination by the Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events 
has occurred:  
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of such Original Primary Rate announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide such Original Primary Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such public 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide such Original Primary Rate;  
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisory 
authority of the administrator of such Original Primary Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of such Original Primary Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of such 
Original Primary Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over

--- Page 152 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
153 
the administrator of such Original Primary Rate or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of such Original Primary Rate announcing that the administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide such Original Primary Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such public 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide such Original Primary Rate; or  
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisory 
authority of the administrator of such Original Primary Rate 
announcing that it has determined that such Original Primary Rate is 
no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that 
such Original Primary Rate is intended to measure measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored. 
"Original Primary Rate Event" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, the 
determination by the Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has 
occurred: 
(i)
an Original Primary Rate Cessation; and 
(ii)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event;  
"Participation Rate" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the amount specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if an Interest Rate Table is set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period; 
"Paying Agents" means the Italian Paying Agent and the Fiscal Agent; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation 
or surrender are open for presentation and payment of debt 
securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre, 
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default 
Payment Business Day" to be applicable, the "Payment Business 
Day" in the case where the currency of payment is euro will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) below; 
(i)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation 
or surrender are open for presentation and payment of debt 
securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Trading Multiple" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms 
pursuant to General Note Condition 5(g) (Minimum Trading Number);

--- Page 153 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
154 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality; 
"Physical Settlement" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 12(a) 
(Physical Settlement); 
"Physical Settlement Amount" means the amount of Deliverable Assets to be 
delivered in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount pursuant to General Note Condition 12 (Physical Settlement); 
"Physical Settlement Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Physical Settlement Cut-
off Date", in which case, "Physical Settlement Cut-off Date" means the second 
Business Day prior to the relevant Physical Settlement Date; 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Physical Settlement Disruption Amount" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions; 
"Physical Settlement Disruption Event" means any event that has occurred as a result 
of which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer cannot, or it is 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer to effect Physical Settlement of all or any of 
the Deliverable Assets; 
"Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such 
member state of the European Communities as is selected  by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(ii)
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne 
and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington 
or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by 
the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(iii)
in relation to USD, it means New York City, 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Principal Financial 
Centre" to be applicable, in which case "Principal Financial Centre" means, 
in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre(s) for that currency 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, if the definition of 
such Original Primary Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise 
described as an "index cessation event" (regardless of the contents of that definition or 
description), any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply following 
the occurrence of such an event; 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 27 (Jurisdiction); 
"Programme" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(a) (Programme); 
"Programme Agent Effective Date" means the date on which the Issuer enters into a 
programme agency agreement with another entity, pursuant to which such entity is 
appointed as fiscal agent in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 154 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
155 
"Put Option" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 10(c) (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders); 
"Put Option Exercise Date" means, in respect of each nominal amount of each Note 
equal to the Calculation Amount for which a Put Option Notice has been received by 
the relevant Paying Agent (in the case of Notes represented by Individual Note 
Certificates), or by the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing 
System (in the case of Notes represented by Global Registered Notes) in accordance 
with the Conditions: 
(i)
if such Put Option Notice is so received by: (A) the relevant Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes represented by Individual Note 
Certificates) during normal business hours in the city where such 
Paying Agent has its Specified Office on a Business Day within the 
Put Option Notice Period, such Business Day or (B) the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing System (in the case 
of Notes represented by Global Registered Notes) on or before the 
time specified in General Note Condition 10(f) for receipt of such Put 
Option Notice on a Business Day within the Put Option Notice 
Period, such Business Day; or 
(ii)
if such Put Option Notice is so received by: (A) the relevant Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes represented by Individual Note 
Certificates) after normal business hours in the city where such 
Paying Agent has its Specified Office on a Business Day within the 
Put Option Notice Period, the immediately following Business Day 
or (B) the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Clearing System (in the case of Notes represented by Global 
Registered Notes) after the time specified in General Note 
Condition 10(c) for receipt of such Put Option Notice on a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in the Programme 
Agency Agreement to be delivered by a Noteholder in relation to the exercise of the 
Put Option in respect of such Note, provided that in the case of any notice given to any 
relevant Clearing System, such notice may be delivered through such electronic 
instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System; 
"Put Option Notice Period" means such number of days or Business Days before each 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) or such other period of time as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Notice Period", 
in which case, "Put Option Notice Period" means not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put). 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualified Institution" means, for the purpose of determining the Non-scheduled 
Early Repayment Amount at any time where "Fair Market Value" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (i) a financial institution organised under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in the United States of America or Europe or (ii) an equivalent issuer 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, which at that 
time has outstanding debt obligations with a stated maturity of one year or less from 
the date of issue and are rated either: 
(i)
A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group or any successor, 
or any other comparable rating then used by that rating agency, or 
(ii)
P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor, or 
any other comparable rating then used by that rating agency;

--- Page 155 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
156 
"Rate Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Relevant Financial Centres as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if the "Relevant Financial Centre" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be (a) "TARGET", then the "Rate Business Day" shall 
be a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) "US Govt SBD", then the "Rate Business Day" 
shall be a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Issue Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these General Note 
Conditions and/or the Coupon Payout Conditions; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 11(a)(iv) (Record 
Date); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions; 
"Reference Banks" means two major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the rate for deposits (or other 
relevant rate) in the Reference Rate Currency for a period equal to the Relevant 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page(s) on 
the Interest Determination Date corresponding to such relevant day, provided that in 
respect of any relevant day, (i) if the rate published on each of the Relevant Screen 
Pages is different, and the relevant Issue Terms specify: (A) "Reuters Screen shall 
prevail", the rate published on the Reuters Screen shall prevail; or (B) "Bloomberg 
Page shall prevail", the rate published on the Bloomberg Page shall prevail, and (ii) if 
the rate is published for such relevant day on one Relevant Screen Page but not the 
other, then the rate that is published shall prevail;  
"Reference Rate Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Register" means the register held by the Registrar in respect of the Registered Notes; 
"Registered Notes" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(e) (Deed of 
Covenant); 
"Registrar" has the meaning given in in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
(ii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls; and

--- Page 156 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
157 
(iii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than 
the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date" means, in respect of 
an Applicable Date corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date, 
the Latest Reference Date in respect of such Applicable Date, such Applicable Date, 
such Applicable Date to fall latest in time, the Latest Reference Date in respect of the 
Last Autocall Averaging Date corresponding to such Applicable Date, the Last 
Autocall Averaging Date corresponding to such Applicable Date, the Latest Reference 
Date in respect of the Final Autocall Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable 
Date, the Final Autocall Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable Date or such 
other date specified as such, each as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes, a Reference Rate, an ISDA 
Rate, or any rate, level, value or other figure in respect of one or more Underlying 
Assets utilised in order to determine the Rate of Interest, Floating Rate Coupon, 
Redemption Amount, Final Instalment Amount, Physical Settlement Amount or any 
other amount payable or asset deliverable under the Notes;
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Determination Date" means the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date, the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of the Last Averaging Date, the Last Averaging Date, 
the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final Pricing Date, the Final Pricing Date, 
the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final Reference Date, the Final Reference 
Date, the Final Reference Date to fall latest in time or such other date specified as such, 
each as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the place(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Calculation 
Agent, any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the 
following types of information: 
(i)
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market 
supplied by one or more third parties including, without limitation, 
alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, 
volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the 
relevant market; or 
(ii)
information of the type described in paragraph (i) above from the 
Calculation Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same 
type used by the Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations 
of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information described in paragraph (i) 
above unless that information is not readily available or, if used to make a 
determination, would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (i) above may 
include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the

--- Page 157 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
158 
relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, 
brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Maturity" means such period of time as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate:  
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which such Original Primary Rate 
is denominated or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising such Original Primary Rate or 
the administrator of such Original Primary Rate; or 
(ii)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by 
(A) the central bank for the currency in which such Original Primary 
Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising such Original Primary 
Rate or the administrator of such Original Primary Rate, (C) a group 
of those central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Reference Month" means each month(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Rules" means the terms and conditions, the rules, regulations or other 
procedures governing the use of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or such 
other relevant Clearing System, as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to 
time; 
"Relevant Screen Page" or "Relevant Screen Pages" means the Bloomberg Page or 
the Reuters Screen (or both) specified as the Relevant Screen Page or the Relevant 
Screen Pages in the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Relevant Time" means the time in the place specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Replacement Primary Rate" means, in respect of an Original Primary Rate, the 
Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate, provided that if more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-
nominated Primary Rate, and those designations, nominations or recommendations are 
not the same, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Alternative Post-nominated 
Primary Rate in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
If the Calculation Agent determines that (A) there is no Alternative Post-nominated 
Primary Rate, or (B) the Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate is not a suitable 
replacement for the Original Primary Rate and/or the replacement of the Original 
Primary Rate with the Alternative Post-nominated Primary Rate will not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Replacement Primary Rate shall be such other rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source selected by the Calculation Agent, in its 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If the 
Calculation Agent is required to select the Replacement Primary Rate as a result of 
there being no Alternative Post-Nominated Primary Rate, it may take into account the 
rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard (or otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement 
rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Original Primary 
Rate; 
"Replacement Primary Rate Amendments" has the meaning given in General Note 
Condition 8(j) (Original Primary Rate Event); 
"Resolution" has the meaning given in the Programme Agency Agreement;

--- Page 158 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
159 
"Reuters Screen" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any designated page, the 
display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service (or replace such services) for the purpose 
of displaying a rate comparable to such Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
sanction, directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions 
and embargo programmes, including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered 
and/or enforced, from time to time, by (or by any agency or other authority of) the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union (or any Member State 
thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial sanctions and 
embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable to 
designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Applicable Date" means the original date, prior to adjustment, if any, on 
which the relevant Applicable Date is scheduled to fall or such other date as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"second currency" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 21 (Currency 
Indemnity); 
"Series" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(d) (Issue Terms); 
"Share Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"Share Linked Notes" are any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business 
Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Decimal Place" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant amount 
pursuant to General Note Condition 22 (Rounding), such number of decimal place(s) 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if lower, the outstanding nominal amount of each Note, provided that, in 
respect of Instalment Notes, the Specified Denomination shall (i) on any day falling 
prior to the Initial Instalment Date, be equal to the Initial Specified Denomination and 
(ii) on any day falling on or after the Initial Instalment Date, be equal to the Adjusted 
Calculation Amount;  
"Specified Office" in respect of each Agent, has the meaning given in the Programme 
Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" means the period of time specified as such the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Specified Sub-Unit" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant currency 
amount pursuant to General Note Condition 22 (Rounding), an amount of such

--- Page 159 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
160 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Specified Time" means the time in the place specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power 
to control, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power 
to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
Person or otherwise; or 
(ii)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law 
and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with 
those of the first Person; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System, or any successor thereto; 
"Taxes" means any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, estate, inheritance, 
gift, transfer, capital gains, corporation, income, property, withholding and/or other 
taxes or duties incurred, or any expenses, costs or fees (and, except in the case of its 
Hedge Positions other brokerage commissions) incurred by, imposed on or assessed to 
the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) in connection with the issue, transfer or exercise of 
any Notes or its Hedge Positions, or otherwise in connection with the transfer of cash 
dividends, Deliverable Assets or Physical Settlement, including, but not limited to, any 
cost related to or arising out of any default or delay by any broker, dealer, relevant 
market, clearing house or hedge counterparty and includes any taxes, expenses and 
charges imposed on or assessed to the Hedge Positions entered into in respect of the 
Notes, without regard to any refunds, credits or any other benefit or reduction that may 
accrue thereon through tax treaties or any other arrangements;  
"Tranche" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(d) (Issue Terms); 
"Transfer Agent" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(b) (Programme 
Agency Agreement); 
"Underlying Asset" means a Share, an Index, an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, 
a Commodity, an FX Rate or a Fund, a Futures Contract, a Reference Entity, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"Underlying Asset Conditions" has the meaning given in General Note Condition 1(c) 
(Terms and Conditions); 
"USD" means the United States dollar, being the lawful currency of the United States 
of America; 
"USD Equivalent Amount" has the meaning given in FX Linked Condition 4 
(Definitions);

--- Page 160 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
161 
"Valuation Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions; 
"Zero Coupon Notes" means any Notes specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and 
"Zero Coupon Reference Price" means an amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
(b)
Interpretation: In these General Note Conditions: 
any reference to payment of principal shall be deemed to include the payment 
of any amount on redemption, any premium payable in respect of a Note and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these General 
Note Conditions; 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any amount in the nature 
of interest payable pursuant to these General Note Conditions; 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Programme Agency Agreement; 
if an expression is stated in General Note Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have 
the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms, but the relevant Issue Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" 
then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
any reference to the Programme Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant, 
shall be construed as a reference to the Programme Agency Agreement or the 
Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or replaced up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3.
Form and Denomination 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Issue Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms.The Monte Titoli Registered Notes are 
issued in registered and uncertificated form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf 
of their beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Holders 
as of their respective date of issue. The Monte Titoli Registered Notes will at all times be held 
in book entry form and title to the Monte Titoli Registered Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Financial Services Act") and in accordance 
with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Monte 
Titoli Registered Notes. 
4.
Title 
(a)
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Programme Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note 
Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its 
registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying 
number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes in 
represented by Individual Note Certificates, "Holder" means the person in whose name 
such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of 
a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b)
Title to Notes represented by a Global Registered Note: For so long as any of the Notes 
is represented by a Global Registered Note held by a depositary or a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or, in the case of Global

--- Page 161 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
162 
Registered Notes held under the new safekeeping structure (the "NSS"), a Common 
Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person 
(other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular 
principal amount of such Notes (in which regard, any certificate or document issued 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) on such principal amount 
of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of such principal amount of such 
Notes shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such principal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Global 
Registered Note will be transferred only in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. References to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative Clearing System. In the 
event the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on an Italian regulated market and/or 
any Italian multilateral trading facility so requiring, the Holders may participate via an 
account with, or have an account with Monte Titoli or have an account with a Monte 
Titoli Holder. Monte Titoli will, in turn, have an account ("bridge") with one or more 
Clearing Systems (as the case may be). 
(c)
Monte Titoli Registered Notes: The Monte Titoli Registered Notes will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of their beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation by Monte Titoli, for the account of any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli, 
including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (a "Monte Titoli Holder"). 
(d)
Ownership: The Holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto 
(other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  
(e)
Disclaimer as to Clearing Systems and their agents and operators: Any description in 
these General Note Conditions as to payments being made or any other actions or 
duties being undertaken by any Clearing System (or its agents or operators) is based 
solely on the Issuer's understanding of the relevant rules and/or operations of such 
Clearing System (and its agents and operators). The Issuer does not make any 
representation or warranty that such information is accurate or, in any event, that the 
relevant Clearing System (or its agents or operators) will make such payments or 
undertake such actions or duties in accordance with such description. Accordingly, 
notwithstanding anything else herein, none of the Issuer or the Agents has any 
responsibility for the performance by any Clearing System (or its agents or operators) 
of their respective payment, delivery, Holder identification, or other obligations in 
respect of the Notes as described herein and/or under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations.  
5.
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a)
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to General Note Condition 5(d) (Closed 
periods) and General Note Condition 5(e) (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration) below, a Registered Note represented by a Note Certificate may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar, together with such 
evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and 
the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided,

--- Page 162 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
163 
however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a 
Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes 
not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new 
Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(b)
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the 
surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with General Note Condition 5(a) 
(Transfers) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new 
Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each 
relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for 
the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar has its Specified Office. 
(c)
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note represented by a Note Certificate will be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(d)
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers of Notes represented by a Note 
Certificate to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(e)
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes 
represented by a Note Certificate and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Programme 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free 
of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such 
regulations. 
(f)
Transfers of Monte Titoli Registered Notes: Title to Monte Titoli Registered Notes shall 
pass upon entry in the electronic book-entry system maintained by Monte Titoli. 
(g)
Minimum Trading Number: Any principal amount of Notes may be transferred in a 
transaction in the Notes unless (i) the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules 
of that stock exchange govern the principal amount of Notes which may be transferred 
in a transaction in the Notes, in which case the applicable rules of that stock exchange 
as amended from time to time must be complied with, or (ii) the relevant Issue Terms 
specify a "Minimum Trading Number", in which case the smallest principal amount 
of Notes that may be transferred in a transaction in the Notes shall be the Minimum 
Trading Number (and, if a "Permitted Trading Multiple" is also specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the smallest principal amount of Notes that may be transferred 
in a transaction in the Notes shall be the Minimum Trading Number, or, if more than 
the Minimum Trading Number of Notes is to be transferred in a transaction in the 
Notes, the Notes must be transferred in a number equal to the sum of the Minimum 
Trading Number plus an integral multiple of the Permitted Trading Multiple, unless 
the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange govern 
the Permitted Trading Multiple, in which case the applicable rules of that stock 
exchange as amended from time to time shall apply in the event of a conflict), or such 
other Minimum Trading Number or other Permitted Trading Multiple as the Issuer may 
from time to time notify the Holders in accordance with General Note Condition 20 
(Notices).

--- Page 163 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
164 
6.
Status of the Notes  
The Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. 
7.
Fixed Rate Note Conditions
(a)
Application: This General Note Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Rate Note Conditions" to be applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Fixed Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date (provided 
that each such date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject as provided in General 
Note Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case such Note will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this General Note Condition 7 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). Provided that in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall be subject to the provisions contained in 
the "Credit Linked Securities Conditions". 
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: Where a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date in respect of 
each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount for any Interest 
Period (as of the first day of such Interest Period) ending on such Interest Payment 
Date or on the date on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as is 
applicable, shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount for such Interest Period, provided that 
if  
a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of an 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment 
Date in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount (immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date) shall be the 
Broken Amount. 
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Fixed Coupon Amount shall be an amount converted from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
(d)
Calculation of Interest Amount: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Coupon 
Amount" to be not applicable, the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment 
Date in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount 
for any Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date or on the 
date on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, as is applicable, or for a 
period other than an Interest Period shall be calculated by multiplying the Rate of 
Interest by the Calculation Amount, and further multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction applicable to the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
Interest Payment Date or on the date on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled 
to fall, as is applicable, or such other period, and rounding the resulting figure in 
accordance with General Note Condition 22 (Rounding). 
(e)
Step Up Fixed Rate Note Conditions: This General Note Condition 7(e) is applicable 
to Notes only if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Step Up Fixed Rate Note 
Conditions" to be applicable. The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period

--- Page 164 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
165 
shall be the amount set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate of 
Interest" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount on each Interest Payment Date shall be calculated in accordance with 
General Note Condition 7(d) (Calculation of Interest Amount), where the Day Count Fraction 
shall be applied to the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date. 
8.
Floating Rate Note Conditions 
(a)
Application: This General Note Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Floating Rate Note Conditions" to be applicable. The 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes and an Interest Period will be determined in 
accordance with either Screen Rate Determination, ISDA Determination or the 
Steepener Floating Rate Provisions as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined for such Interest Period. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Floating Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject 
as provided in General Note Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this General Note 
Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall 
be subject to the provisions contained in the "Credit Linked Securities Conditions". 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Screen Rate 
Determination" to be applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be a rate equal to the Relevant Reference Rate, and where a "Margin" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, plus or minus the Margin 
for such Interest Period, and where a "Participation Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for such Interest Period, multiplying the resulting amount by the 
Participation Rate for such Interest Period. The "Relevant Reference Rate" means, in 
respect of an Interest Period, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates" to be not applicable, the 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
paragraph below; or  
"Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates" to be applicable, the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate as is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period.  
Where Multiple Screen Rate Determination Rates is not applicable, the "Primary 
Reference Rate" or the "Secondary Reference Rate" (as applicable) shall be 
determined for the relevant Interest Period as a Reference Rate in accordance with the 
paragraph below where the relevant Reference Rate Currency, Interest Determination 
Date, Relevant Screen Page(s), Relevant Maturity, Relevant Time, Specified Time (if 
applicable) and Relevant Financial Centre (if applicable) shall be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Primary Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable). 
The "Reference Rate" will be determined on the following basis:

--- Page 165 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
166 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate to be the rate which 
appears on the specified Relevant Screen Page(s) as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
if such rate does not appear on at least one of the Relevant Screen Pages at or 
around the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, then 
the Reference Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Reference Rate by 
reference to one or more of the following methods (or such other method(s) 
as it determines appropriate): 
(1)
the Reference Rate may be determined on the basis of the relevant 
internally marked mid-rate (derived from externally executable bid 
and ask prices) of the Calculation Agent at the Specified Time on 
such Interest Determination Date, and applying principles that are 
recognized in the financial services industry for determining the 
value of such rate; 
(2)
the Reference Rate may be the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, after eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) (unless 
only two quotations are provided, in which case neither will be 
eliminated), provided that the Calculation Agent determines that at 
least two such Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates;  
(3)
the Reference Rate may be the rate formally recommended for use 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or 
competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any 
such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; and/or 
(4)
the Reference Rate may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Direct Calculation Agent 
Determination Fallback" to be applicable, the Reference Rate will instead 
be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, on the basis of the 
relevant internally marked mid-rate (derived from externally executable 
bid and ask prices) of the Calculation Agent at the Specified Time on such 
Interest Determination Date, and applying principles that are recognized 
in the financial services industry for determining the value of such rate. If 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Reference Rate 0% Floor" to be 
applicable and the Reference Rate determined in accordance with the 
above would otherwise be less than zero, then such Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(d)
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily SOFR: Where in the relevant Issue Terms SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
167 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this General Note Condition 8(d) "Compounded Daily 
SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards: 
where "Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
where "Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ି௣௅஻஽× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SOFR only compounds the SOFR Reference Rate in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day. The SOFR 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day will be taken by applying the SOFR Reference Rate for the 
previous U.S. Government Securities Business Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings:
"d" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, in respect 
of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, in respect 
of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) applies, a series of 
whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S.

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
168 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the 
SOFR Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
where Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) applies, a series of 
whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number 
of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but 
excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such rate (the "New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in 
each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or, if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means (save as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such day; and 
∏௡
௜ୀଵ
 means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
൥ෑ൬1 + ܺ௜
360൰−1
ଷ଴
௜ୀଵ
൩
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributor, or the relevant website is not 
available, the relevant SOFR x value will be the last provided or published value 
for SOFR as applicable prior to the day on which the SOFR value is required. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that the SOFR value in accordance with the

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
169 
preceding sentence, or that it is likely to be materially unrepresentative of the 
SOFR value, which would have prevailed on such day in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market).  
(e)
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
Where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
Applicable, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Note Condition 8(e), "Compounded Daily €STR" 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 +  €ܴܵܶ௜× ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× 360
݀
(2)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 +  €ܴܵܶ௜ି௣்ௌ஽× ݊௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× 360
݀
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; and

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
170 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days 
in the relevant Interest Period.  
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, 
the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable).  
"p" means the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if such Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pLBD" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such TARGET2 
Settlement Day "i" as provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if such 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such 
TARGET2 Settlement Day "i"). 
"∏௡
௜ୀଵ
" means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
൥ෑ൬1 + ܺ௜
360൰−1
ଷ଴
௜ୀଵ
൩
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 
) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
171 
Calculation Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on 
which the €STR rate was published on such Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors).If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the €STR rate in accordance with the 
preceding sentence, or that it is likely to be materially unrepresentative of the 
€STR rate, which would have prevailed on such day in respect of the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and 
any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
(f)
ISDA Determination: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ISDA Determination" to be 
applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for such Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to 
the Relevant ISDA Rate, and where a "Margin" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
for such Interest Period, plus or minus the Margin for such Interest Period, and where 
a "Participation Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, 
multiplying the resulting amount by the Participation Rate for such Interest Period. The 
"Relevant ISDA Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify: 
"Multiple ISDA Determination Rates" to be not applicable, the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the paragraph below; or  
"Multiple ISDA Determination Rates" to be applicable, the Primary ISDA 
Rate or the Secondary ISDA Rate as is specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest Period.  
The "Primary ISDA Rate" or the "Secondary ISDA Rate" (as applicable) shall be 
determined for the relevant Interest Period as an ISDA Rate in accordance with the 
paragraph below where the relevant Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity (if 
applicable), compounding or averaging method (if applicable), and Reset Date shall be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Primary ISDA Rate or the 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable). 
The "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if a "Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then any provisions 
in the Floating Rate Option that specify the relevant day preceding a Reset 
Date on which a screen rate is to be observed or dealer poll or other method 
of valuation to be undertaken shall be deemed to be amended and replaced by 
the "Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the  ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
172 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method (as defined in the 2021 Definitions), if any and as applicable, is as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 2006 ISDA Definitions read with the above 
provisions, the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to comparable benchmarks then available.  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" to be applicable and the 
ISDA Rate in relation to any Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
would otherwise be less than zero, then such ISDA Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g)
Steepener Floating Rate Provisions: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Steepener 
Floating Rate Provisions" to be applicable in respect of an Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the Steepener Rate, and where a "Margin" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Interest Period, plus or minus the Margin 
for such Interest Period, and where a "Participation Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for such Interest Period, multiplying the resulting amount by the 
Participation Rate for such Interest Period. The "Steepener Rate" means, in respect of 
an Interest Period, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Multiple Steepener Rates" to be not applicable, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the difference between ISDA Rate 1 minus ISDA Rate 
2; or 
"Multiple Steepener Rates" to be applicable, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the difference between, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify:  
"Steepener Rate 1" to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period, ISDA Rate 1 minus ISDA 
Rate 2; or  
"Steepener Rate 2" to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period, ISDA Rate 3 minus ISDA 
Rate 4. 
Each of "ISDA Rate 1", "ISDA Rate 2", "ISDA Rate 3" and "ISDA Rate 4" (as 
applicable) shall be determined for the relevant Interest Period in accordance with 
paragraph (d) above as an ISDA Rate where the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, if applicable, compounding or averaging method, if applicable, 
and Reset Date shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of ISDA Rate 
1, ISDA Rate 2, ISDA Rate 3 or ISDA Rate 4 (as applicable) provided that, if: (i) an 
ISDA Rate 1 Cap or an ISDA Rate 1 Floor is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 1 for such Interest Period shall not be greater than 
such ISDA Rate 1 Cap and shall not be less than such ISDA Rate 1 Floor (as 
applicable), (ii) an ISDA Rate 2 Cap or an ISDA Rate 2 Floor is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 2 for such Interest Period shall not 
be greater than such ISDA Rate 2 Cap and shall not be less than such ISDA Rate 2 
Floor (as applicable), (iii) an ISDA Rate 3 Cap or an ISDA Rate 3 Floor is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 3 for such Interest 
Period shall not be greater than such ISDA Rate 3 Cap and shall not be less than such 
ISDA Rate 3 Floor (as applicable), or (iv) an ISDA Rate 4 Cap or an ISDA Rate 4

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
173 
Floor is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then ISDA Rate 4 
for such Interest Period shall not be greater than such ISDA Rate 4 Cap and shall not 
be less than such ISDA Rate 4 Floor (as applicable). 
(h)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If: (i) any Maximum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period shall not be greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period, or (ii) any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period shall not be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest for such Interest Period, or 
(iii) a Maximum Rate of Interest and a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for an Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period shall not be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest and shall not be 
greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest for such Interest Period.  
(i)
Capped Floored Floating Rate Note Conditions: This General Note Condition 8(i) is 
applicable to Notes only if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Capped Floored Floating 
Rate Note Conditions" to be applicable in respect of an Interest Period. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period, if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with General Note Condition 8(c), General Note Condition 8(d) 
or General Note Condition 8(g) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If Minimum Rate of Interest is specified to be not applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period will not be subject to any minimum amount.  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period, if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with General Note Condition 8(c), General Note Condition 8(d) 
or General Note Condition 8(g) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. If Maximum Rate of Interest is specified to be not applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will not be subject to any 
maximum amount. 
(j)
Original Primary Rate Event: If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that an Original Primary 
Rate Event has occurred in respect of an Original Primary Rate which may adversely 
affect the interests of the Holders (including but not limited to the fact that such 
Original Primary Rate, as the case may be, is no longer relevant to and does not reflect 
the original economic objective and rationale of the Notes): the Calculation Agent shall 
attempt to identify a Replacement Primary Rate, as the case may be;  
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to determine the Adjustment Spread;  
if the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement Primary Rate pursuant to 
paragraph (i) above and determines an Adjustment Spread pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above, then: 
the terms of the Notes shall, without the consent of the Holders, be 
amended so that each reference to "Reference Rate" or "ISDA Rate", 
as the case may be, shall be replaced by a reference to "Replacement 
Primary Rate plus the Adjustment Spread" (provided that the result 
of the Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment Spread plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin, may not 
be less than zero) with effect from the Adjustment Date; 
the Calculation Agent shall, without the consent of the Holders, make 
such other adjustments (the "Replacement Primary Rate 
Amendments") to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
174 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Period and Rate of Interest) with effect from the 
Adjustment Date as it determines necessary or appropriate in order 
to account for the effect of the replacement of the Original Primary 
Rate with the Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment Spread 
and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence 
of the Notes before and after the replacement of the Original Primary 
Rate with the Replacement Primary Rate plus the Adjustment 
Spread; and 
the Calculation Agent shall deliver a notice to the Holders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with General Note Condition 20 which 
shall specify any Replacement Primary Rate, Adjustment Spread, 
Adjustment Date and the specific terms of any Replacement Primary 
Rate Amendments and such notice shall be irrevocable. Any 
Replacement Primary Rate, Adjustment Spread and Replacement 
Primary Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Agents 
and the Holders; and 
if, for the purposes of calculating any Interest Amount, there is more than one 
Original Primary Rate specified, then the provisions of this General Note 
Condition 8(j) shall apply separately to each such Original Primary Rate. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Original Primary Rate Event has occurred. 
If the definition, methodology or formula for an Original Primary Rate, or other means 
of calculating such Original Primary Rate, is changed or modified (irrespective of the 
materiality of any such change or changes), then references to that Original Primary 
Rate shall be to the Original Primary Rate as changed and modified. 
(k)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date in respect 
of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period by the Calculation Amount, and further multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction applicable to the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such Interest Payment Date, and rounding the resulting figure in accordance 
with General Note Condition 22 (Rounding). 
(l)
Calculation of other amounts: In respect of any other amount referred to in the 
Conditions which is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount in accordance with the Conditions.  
(m)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and, if required by each competent authority, 
market and/or quotation system (if any) to which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation, to such competent authority, market and/or quotation 
system (if any) as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
175 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(n)
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
General Note Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, , the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
9.
Change of Interest Basis 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to an Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Interest Basis set forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Interest Basis" in the row corresponding to such Interest Period.  
Where the Interest Basis applicable to an Interest Period is: (i) "Fixed Coupon", the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Note 
Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Conditions) or (ii) "Floating Coupon", the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Note Condition 8 (Floating 
Rate Note Conditions). 
10.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount or if so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, at their Physical Settlement Amount, on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in General Note Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer" to be applicable, all of the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (such option, the "Call Option") on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders on or before the Call Option Notice 
Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call). The notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date (Call) in respect of each nominal 
amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount and where the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Accrued interest payable", plus accrued interest (if any) to such date, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent. In the case of Notes held or cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, such notice shall not be less than five 
Business Days (or such other period of time as may be provided by any applicable rules 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) and in the case of Notes not held or 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, such notice shall be given 
in accordance with any applicable rules of the relevant Clearing System. 
(c)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: Subject to General Note Conditions 10(e) 
(Exercise of Put Option – Notes represented by Individual Note Certificates) and 10(f) 
(Exercise of Put Option – Global Registered Notes) below, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Redemption at the option of Noteholders" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note (such option, the "Put Option") redeem each 
nominal amount of such Note equal to the Calculation Amount on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) in 
respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), and where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Accrued 
interest payable", plus accrued interest (if any) to such date, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
176 
(d)
Redemption following an Original Primary Rate Cessation Date or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date: If, following the occurrence of an Original 
Primary Rate Event: 
the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot identify a Replacement 
Primary Rate or determine an Adjustment Spread in accordance with General 
Note Condition 8(j) on or before the Cut-off Date; 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in General Note 
Condition 8(j) (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject either the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for 
administrators under the Benchmark Regulation) which it is unwilling to 
undertake; or 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement 
Primary Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-off 
Date in accordance with General Note Condition 8(j), the adjustments 
provided for in General Note Condition 8(j) would not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer, Calculation Agent or the 
Holders, 
then the Issuer shall redeem the Notes on such day as shall be notified to the Holders 
in accordance with General Note Condition 20 (Notices) and pay to the Holder in 
respect of each Note the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day.  
(e)
Exercise of Put Option – Notes represented by Individual Note Certificates: Notes 
represented by Individual Note Certificates: The Holder of a Note represented by an 
Individual Note Certificate shall exercise the Put Option by depositing a duly 
completed Put Option Notice and the Individual Note Certificate representing such 
Note with any Paying Agent within the Put Option Notice Period. The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to 
the depositing Noteholder. Any such Put Option Notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn and no Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in accordance with this General Note Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this General Note Condition 10(e), the depositor of such Note and not 
such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.  
(f)
Exercise of Put Option – Global Registered Notes: The Holder of a Note represented 
by a Global Registered Note shall exercise the Put Option by delivering the Put Option 
Notice for receipt by the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing 
System at not later than 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be 
(or such other Specified Time) on any Business Day within the Put Option Notice 
Period. Any such Put Option Notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn, 
and in the case of Notes held or cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, such Put Option Notice shall not be less than five Business Days prior to 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period of time as may be provided

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
177 
by any applicable rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) and in the case 
of Global Registered Notes not held or cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, such Put Option Notice shall be given in accordance with any applicable 
rules of the relevant Clearing System.  
(g)
Automatic Early Redemption: If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Automatic Early 
Redemption" to be applicable, and if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred in respect of an Applicable Date, then 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Automatic Early Redemption Date corresponding 
to such Applicable Date by payment of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(h)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in General Note Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to General 
Note Condition 10(g) (Automatic Early Redemption) (inclusive) above, in General 
Note 
Condition 17 
(Change 
in 
law) 
below, 
any 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions applicable to the Notes and the applicable Payout Conditions or Autocall 
Payout Conditions. 
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Any Notes so purchased may 
be held, surrendered for cancellation or reissued or resold, and Notes so reissued or 
resold shall for all purposes be deemed to form part of the original Series of Notes. 
(j)
Adjustments: Any adjustments to the Redemption Amount payable or deliverable upon 
redemption of Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, 
FX Linked Notes or Futures Contract Linked Notes will be made in accordance with 
the Share Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked 
Conditions, the FX Linked Conditions, the Futures Contract Linked Conditions or the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions, respectively. 
(k)
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: This General Note Condition 10(k) and 
General Note Condition 10(l) are applicable to the Notes only if "Zero Coupon Note 
Conditions" are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable and "Accreted 
Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable. The Redemption 
Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
the Zero Coupon Reference Price; and 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Zero Coupon Reference Price from (and including) the Accrual 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
for the purposes of this General Note Condition 10(k) or, if "Default Day Count 
Fraction" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.  
(l)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused and "Accreted Value" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
the Zero Coupon Reference Price; and 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Zero Coupon Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction 
from (and including) the Accrual Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
178 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(m)
Instalment Notes: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Instalment Note shall: 
be partially redeemed on the Initial Instalment Date by payment of the Initial 
Instalment Amount in respect of each nominal amount of each Instalment 
Note equal to the Initial Calculation Amount; and 
be redeemed on the Final Instalment Date by payment of the Final Instalment 
Amount in respect of each nominal amount of each Instalment Note equal to 
the Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
Following payment on the Initial Instalment Date of the Initial Instalment Amount in 
respect of each nominal amount of each Instalment Note equal to the Initial Calculation 
Amount, the outstanding nominal amount of each nominal amount of each Instalment 
Note equal to the Initial Calculation Amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to 
the Initial Instalment Amount for all purposes with effect from the Initial Instalment 
Date. 
11.
Payments 
(a)
Registered Notes: In respect of Registered Notes: 
Principal: In respect of any Registered Notes in definitive form, payments of 
principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of 
redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent. 
Interest: In respect of any Registered Notes in definitive form, payments of 
interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of 
interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
Payments in respect of Global Registered Notes: All payments in respect of a 
Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown on the Register and, 
if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Global Registered 
Notes, surrender of that Global Registered Note to or to the order of the 
Registrar. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is 
made in respect of the Global Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that 
the payment is noted in a schedule thereto. For Global Registered Notes, the

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
179 
"Record Date" shall be the close of business (in the relevant Clearing System) 
on the business day or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such other 
Specified Day(s) before the due date for payment. 
If Registered Notes are issued, a register will be maintained in accordance with the 
Programme Agency Agreement. 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form 
will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening 
of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day 
or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such other Specified Day(s) before 
the due date for such payment (the "Record Date" in respect of Registered 
Notes in definitive form). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is 
to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the 
address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant 
Record Date. For Global Registered Notes, the "Record Date" shall be the 
close of business (in the relevant Clearing System) on the Clearing System 
Business Day or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such other Specified 
Day(s) before the due date for payment where "Clearing System Business 
Day" means a day on which the relevant Clearing System is open for business. 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered 
Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
General Note Condition 25 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
Payments on Business Days: In respect of any Registered Notes in definitive 
form, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment 
Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be 
initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the 
relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for 
payment. If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Global 
Registered Note is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not 
be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment 
resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business 
Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this General Note 
Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.  
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Registered Note in definitive form, the Issuer shall procure that the amount 
and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating 
the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note 
Certificate.  
(b)
Negative amounts: Notwithstanding anything else, in the event that any Redemption 
Amount, Interest Amount, Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount or any other 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Note under the Conditions would 
otherwise be a negative amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(c)
Discharge of payment (and delivery) obligations by Issuer: The holder of a Global 
Registered Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments (or deliveries) in

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
180 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note and the Issuer's payment 
(or delivery) obligations under the Notes will be discharged by payment (or delivery) 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Note (being the common 
depositary or, as the case may be, its nominee, in respect of the Global Registered Note 
(or, in the case of Global Registered Note issued under the NSS, a Common Safekeeper 
and registered in the name of a nominee for such Common Safekeeper)) in respect of 
each amount so paid (or asset so delivered). Each of the persons shown in the records 
of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
must look solely to such Clearing System for its share of each payment (or delivery) 
made by the Issuer. No person other than the holder of such Global Registered Note 
shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments (or deliveries) due 
on the Notes represented by that Global Registered Note. 
12.
Physical Settlement 
(a)
Physical Settlement: If the relevant Issue Terms specify General Note Condition 12(a) 
or "Physical Settlement" to be applicable, in order to obtain the Deliverable Assets in 
respect of each Note ("Physical Settlement"), the relevant Holder must deliver, not 
later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the Physical Settlement Cut-
off Date to: (i) the Paying Agent and the Registrar and (ii) if such Note is represented 
by a Global Registered Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice, provided that the relevant Holder shall be 
liable for all Taxes and stamp duties, transaction costs, and any other costs incurred by 
the Issuer and any of its affiliates in the delivery of the Deliverable Assets to such 
Holder (such sums, the "Delivery Expenses"), and delivery of the Deliverable Assets 
shall take place only after the Delivery Expenses (if any) have been paid by such Holder 
to or to the order of the Issuer. No Note shall confer on a Holder any right to acquire 
the Deliverable Assets and the Issuer is not obliged to purchase or hold the Deliverable 
Assets.  
If any Holder fails properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice which 
results in such Asset Transfer Notice being treated as null and void, the Issuer may 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion whether to waive the requirement to 
deliver a properly completed Asset Transfer Notice prior to the Physical Settlement 
Cut-off Date in order for such Holder to receive the Redemption Amount and/or 
Interest Amount, as the case may be, by obtaining delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount in respect of such Note(s) and shall give notice of such waiver to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other Clearing System, as the case may be, and to 
each of the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent. 
The delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made (i) if practicable and in 
respect of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, to the relevant Clearing 
System for the credit of the account of the Noteholder or (ii) in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery and 
will, where appropriate and if practicable, notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Note Condition 20 (Notices). 
Subject as provided in this General Note Condition 12, in relation to each Note which 
is to be redeemed by delivery of a Physical Settlement Amount, the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Holder in the manner provided 
above on the relevant Physical Settlement Date, provided that the Asset Transfer Notice 
is duly delivered as provided above not later than the Physical Settlement Cut-off Date. 
The obligation of the Issuer to deliver Shares is limited to the delivery of Shares having 
the characteristics and in the form that allows delivery via the relevant Clearing System 
and does not include registration of the Holder in the share register or in the list of 
shareholders, and none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other Person shall 
have any liability for any such failure of (or delay in) registration. 
Where the Physical Settlement Amount would otherwise comprise, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, fractions of Deliverable Assets, a Holder will 
receive the Physical Settlement Amount comprising the nearest number (rounded

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
181 
down) of Deliverable Assets capable of being delivered by the Issuer (provided that a 
Holder's entire holding may not be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose 
of delivering the Physical Settlement Amounts and, if a Fractional Cash Amount is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a Holder will also receive the Fractional Cash 
Amount (if any) in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount capable of being paid by the Issuer (provided that a Holder's entire 
holding may not be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose of paying the 
Fractional Cash Amounts).  
This General Note Condition 12(a) is not applicable to the Monte Titoli Registered 
Notes. This General Note Condition 12(a) is not applicable to Credit Linked Notes for 
which the provisions contained in "Credit Linked Securities Conditions" apply. 
(b)
Settlement Disruption: If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount using the method of delivery specified in General Note 
Condition 12(a) is not practicable by reason of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event 
having occurred and being continuing on the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Physical Settlement Date shall be postponed to the first following Business Day in 
respect of which there is no such Physical Settlement Disruption Event, provided that 
the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Note by delivering or procuring the delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such 
event the Physical Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate 
in connection with delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount in such other 
commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical 
Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Deliverable Assets 
comprising the Physical Settlement Amount, the Physical Settlement Date for the 
Deliverable Assets not affected by the Physical Settlement Disruption Event will be 
the originally designated Physical Settlement Date. For so long as delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount is not practicable by reason of a Physical Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Holder of the 
Physical Settlement Disruption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date 
that notice of such election is given to the Holders in accordance with General Note 
Condition 20 (Notices). Payment of the Physical Settlement Disruption Amount will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders. The Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders that a Physical Settlement Disruption 
Event has occurred. No Holder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Note in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount due to the occurrence of a Physical Settlement Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Paying 
Agent. This General Note Condition 12(b) is not applicable to Credit Linked Notes for 
which the provisions contained in "Credit Linked Securities Conditions" apply 
13.
Consequences of an FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event 
(a)
Postponement or Payment in USD: If the Calculation Agent has determined that (1) an 
FX Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, 
has occurred and is continuing and (2) such FX Disruption Event or Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, is material in relation to the Issuer's 
payment obligations under the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in relation 
to the Issuer's hedge position under the Notes) in respect of any forthcoming Interest 
Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date on which amounts are payable under the 
Notes by the Issuer under the Conditions (each such date, an "Affected Payment 
Date"), then if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "FX Disruption Event" or 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" is applicable to the Notes, the Affected 
Payment Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (A) the Adjusted Affected Payment 
Date and (B) the Affected Payment Cut-off Date. The amount payable on such 
postponed date shall not be adjusted from the amount originally payable; or

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
182 
(b)
Payment of USD Equivalent Amount: In the event that, pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) 
above, an Affected Payment Date is adjusted to fall on the Affected Payment Cut-off 
Date (and the Calculation Agent determines an FX Disruption Event or Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event exists or is continuing on the FX Disruption Event Cut-
off Date), then the Issuer may, by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), elect to make payment (in whole or in part) of the USD 
Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Redemption Amount or other 
amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Cut-off Date in full 
and final settlement of its obligations to pay such Interest Amount, Redemption 
Amount or other amount in respect of the Notes.  
(c)
Priorities: If the Calculation Agent determines an FX Disruption Event or Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, coincides with a Market Disruption 
Event (as defined in the Share Linked Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions), a 
Disruption Event (as defined in the Commodity Linked Conditions and in the Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions), a Fund Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Fund 
Linked Conditions) or a Physical Settlement Disruption Event, as the case may be, the 
provisions of this General Note Condition 13 shall take effect only after such 
postponements or adjustments have been made as a result of such Market Disruption 
Event, Disruption Event, Fund Market Disruption Event or Physical Settlement 
Disruption Event in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions, the 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions or General Note Condition 12(b) (Settlement 
Disruption), as applicable, and, notwithstanding the provisions of the Share Linked 
Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Fund 
Linked Conditions, the Futures Contract Linked Conditions and General Note 
Condition 12(b) (Settlement Disruption), as the case may be, the Issuer's payment 
obligation of the Redemption Amount shall continue to be postponed or varied in 
accordance with the provisions of this General Note Condition 13.  
14.
Events of Default 
(a)
Events of Default: An Event of Default with respect to any issuance of Notes will mean 
any of the following: 
the Issuer does not pay the principal on any of the Notes of the respective 
Series within 30 days from the relevant due date; 
the Issuer does not pay interest on any of the Notes of the respective Series 
when the same is due and payable or does not deliver any Deliverable Asset 
when the same is due and deliverable and such failure continues for 30 days 
after notice of such failure has been received by the Issuer from a Holder;  
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent);  
any event occurs which under the laws of any country where the Issuer is 
deemed to have its "centre of main interest" for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) no. 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA that has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in paragraph (iii) above; or 
where a New Issuer has assumed all the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to 
General Note Condition 26 (Substitution), any event occurs which (a) under 
the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the New Issuer or (b) under the 
laws of the country where the successor firm has its "centre of main interest" 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) no. 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (iii) above.

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
183 
(b)
Consequences: If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Noteholder may, 
by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, declare its Note to be immediately due and payable and 
unless all such defaults have been cured by the Issuer prior to the receipt of such notice, 
the principal of the Note shall be immediately due and payable together with accrued 
interest (if any) unless: (i) the Redemption Amount or Interest Amount of the Note is 
linked to or determined by reference to an Underlying Asset(s) , in which case the 
amount payable upon such acceleration shall be equal to the Non-scheduled Early 
Repayment Amount (and the payment of such amount shall be postponed until the 
Business Day after the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount has been finally 
determined), or (ii) "Zero Coupon Note Conditions" and "Accreted Value" is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which case the amount payable upon a Note becoming 
immediately due and payable in accordance with the foregoing shall be equal to the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before 
the Maturity Date determined in accordance with General Note Condition 10(k) (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes). 
15.
Modification, Waiver and Acknowledgement, Meetings of Noteholders 
(a)
Programme Agency Agreement: The Programme Agency Agreement may be amended 
by the parties thereto without the consent of the Holders if, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders. 
Terms and Conditions: The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be 
amended by the Issuer with the approval of the Calculation Agent but without 
the consent of the Holders if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent, the amendment (i) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
(ii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, or (iii) will not 
materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, these General Note Conditions 15(a) and 15(a)(i) 
shall not apply to any adjustments made in accordance with a Underlying 
Asset Condition. Any amendments in accordance with these General Note 
Conditions 15(a) and 15(a)(i) shall take effect by notice to the Holders in 
accordance with General Note Condition 20 (Notices). 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Programme Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating 
to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of the General Note 
Conditions relating to a Series of Notes with the consent of the Issuer. Only 
Holders of outstanding Notes of the Applicable Series (as defined in the 
Programme Agency Agreement in respect of Notes) will be eligible to 
participate in a meeting of Noteholders. Such a meeting shall be convened by 
the Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that 
Series. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on a Resolution will be 
at least two voters holding or representing not less than one more than half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series or, at 
any adjourned meeting, at least two voters holding or representing not less 
than one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
Any Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders of the Notes of the Applicable Series, whether present or not. 
Written resolution: A resolution in writing signed or electronically approved 
using the systems and procedures in place from time to time of a relevant 
Clearing System by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it 
were a Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders or may be in

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
184 
the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
16.
Replacement of Registered Notes (other than Monte Titoli Registered Notes) 
If any Registered Note in definitive form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the Specified Office of the Registrar (and, if the Registered Notes are then 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, market and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
marketand/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, market 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
17.
Change in law 
Upon a Change in Law Event, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Notes on such day 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Note Condition 20 (Notices) and 
will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holder in respect of each Note 
the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day.  
A "Change in Law Event" shall be deemed to have occurred upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that, due to (a) the adoption of, or any change in, any relevant law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, sanction, or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power (including any tax law) ("applicable law"), or (b) the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the formal or informal interpretation of any applicable law by a court, tribunal, governmental, 
administrative, legislative, regulatory or judicial authority  or power with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or 
Clearing Systems) of any applicable law or regulation (including any tax law), which has the 
effect (as determined by the Issuer in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that:  
(a)
its performance under the Notes in whole or in part or its performance or that of any of 
its affiliates under any related Hedge Positions (whether with respect to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or any constituent thereof); or 
(b)
the performance of any of its affiliates under the Notes had such affiliate been an issuer 
of the Notes or under any related Hedge Positions (whether with respect to the 
Underlying Asset(s) or any constituent thereof) had such affiliate been a party to any 
such hedging arrangement  
has or will become unlawful or impractical in whole or in part or there is a substantial likelihood 
of the same in the immediate future.  
18.
Agents 
In acting under the Programme Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer reserve 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a 
successor Fiscal Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall, at all times following the Programme Agent Effective Date, 
maintain: 
a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar;  
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a Calculation 
Agent; and

--- Page 184 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
185 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, market and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, a Paying Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
market and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent shall not act as an agent for the Holders but shall be the agent of the 
Issuer and all its calculations, determinations and adjustments hereunder shall be made in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (save in the case of manifest or proven 
error) shall be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. All calculation functions required 
of the Calculation Agent under these General Note Conditions may be delegated to any such 
person as the Calculation Agent, in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may decide. 
19.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, to create 
and issue further Notes so as to form a single Series with the Notes of any particular Series. 
20.
Notices 
(a)
Subject to General Note Conditions 20(c) (Borsa Italiana listed Notes) and 20(d) 
(Global Registered Notes) below, notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
(b)
Monte Titoli Registered Notes: In respect of Monte Titoli Registered Notes, the Italian 
Paying Agent shall, upon receipt of instructions from and at the expense of the Issuer 
arrange for the delivery though Monte Titoli of all notices in respect of the Monte Titoli 
Registered Notes as may be required in accordance with the General Note Conditions. 
(c)
Borsa Italiana listed Notes: In respect of Notes traded on the regulated markets 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana and so long as the applicable rules so require, 
all notices to Holders shall be published on Borsa Italiana's website: 
www.borsaitaliana.it and in any case according to the rules of Borsa Italiana from time 
to time applicable. 
(d)
Global Registered Notes: Notwithstanding anything else in this General Note 
Condition 20, while all the Notes are represented by one or more Global Registered 
Notes and the Global Registered Note(s) are held by a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this General Note Condition 20 on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 185 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
186 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to 
make the redemption therein specified. 
21.
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these General Note Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against 
the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency 
with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22.
Rounding 
(a)
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in any applicable Payout Condition, Coupon Payout Condition, Autocall 
Payout Condition or Underlying Asset Condition):  
all values and all percentages used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, in the case of (A) a value, to the nearest five decimal 
places (with 0.000005 being rounded up to 0.00001), and (B) a percentage, to 
the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), unless the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Non-Default Rounding −calculation values and percentages" to 
be applicable, in which case, all percentages and all values used in or resulting 
from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the Specified Decimal 
Place (with halves being rounded up or down, as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms); 
all amounts due and payable denominated in any currency (including an 
Interest Amount and the Settlement Amount) will be rounded to the nearest 
five decimal places (with 0.000005 being rounded up to 0.00001), unless the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Rounding − amounts due and 
payable" to be applicable, in which case, all amounts due and payable (or 
such amounts as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) denominated in any 
currency will be rounded to the nearest Specified Sub-Unit of such currency 
(with halves of the Specified Sub-Unit being rounded up or down, as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), 
or, in any case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Other Rounding Convention" is 
applicable to any relevant percentage, amount or figure as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, such percentage, amount or figure shall be rounded to such Specified Sub-
Unit of currency or Specified Decimal Place, as the case may be, in each case, with 
halves being rounded up or down, as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, 
each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Note (other than a 
Note in definitive form) shall be based on the aggregate nominal amount or number of 
all such Notes outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof), 
rounded in accordance with the method provided in General Note Condition 22 
(Rounding) and distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules.

--- Page 186 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
187 
23.
Substitution 
(a)
The Issuer is entitled at any time without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, to 
substitute the Issuer with another company (the "New Issuer"), in respect of all its 
obligations under or in relation to the Notes, provided that: 
the New Issuer assumes, by means of a deed poll substantially in the form of 
set out in the Programme Agency Agreement, all obligations of the Issuer 
arising from or in connection with the Notes (the "Assumption"); 
the Assumption does not have any adverse legal and tax consequences for 
Holders of the Notes; 
the New Issuer provides an indemnity in favour of the Holders of the Notes in 
relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a result 
of the substitution of the Issuer for the New Issuer;  
the New Issuer has obtained all necessary approvals from any regulatory 
authorities in order that the New Issuer can fulfil all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes; and 
the Issuer unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
New Issuer arising from these General Note Conditions.  
In the event that the Issuer is substituted for the New Issuer, any reference to 
the Issuer in these General Note Conditions shall then be deemed to be a 
reference to the New Issuer. 
The substitution of the Issuer in accordance with General Notes Condition 23 
(Substitution) shall be notified in accordance with General Notes Condition 
20 (Notices), but failure to provide such notice shall not affect the 
effectiveness of the substitution.  
24.
Prescription 
In respect of Registered Notes, claims for principal and interest shall become void unless the 
relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date.  
25.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer  shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future Taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature unless the 
withholding or deduction of such Taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the appropriate withholding or deduction shall be made and the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to pay any additional amounts to compensate any 
Noteholder for such withholding or deduction. 
In addition, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net 
of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be paid by the Issuer  on 
account of any such deduction or withholding.

--- Page 187 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
188 
26.
Governing Law 
The Notes (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether 
contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the Notes or 
their formation) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.  
27.
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes, controversy, 
proceedings or claim of whatever nature that may arise out of or in connection with any Notes 
(including their formation) and accordingly any such legal action or proceedings 
("Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. The Issuer and the Holders irrevocably submit 
to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waive any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. 
28.
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of the Notes governed by 
English law under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 188 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
189 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
The following Conditions (the "Coupon Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Securities (unless 
otherwise specified in the Coupon Payout Conditions below), and to the extent provided in the Coupon 
Payout Conditions below, each sub-paragraph thereof shall apply where specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
1.
Types of Coupons 
1.1
Fixed Coupon 
This Coupon Payout Condition 1.1 applies where one of paragraphs (a) to (b) below is specified 
to apply in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
if "Fixed Rate Note Conditions" are specified to be applicable, the coupon amount 
payable in respect of each Security shall be an amount determined pursuant to General 
Note Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Conditions). 
(b)
if "Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions" are specified to be applicable, the coupon 
amount payable in respect of each Security shall be an amount determined pursuant to 
General Instrument Condition 13 (Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions). 
1.2
Floating Coupon 
This Coupon Payout Condition 1.2 applies where "Floating Coupon" is specified to apply in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
if "Floating Rate Note Conditions" are specified to be applicable, the coupon amount 
payable in respect of each Security shall be an amount determined pursuant to General 
Note Condition 10 (Floating Rate Note Conditions). 
(b)
if "Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" are specified to be applicable, the coupon 
amount payable in respect of each Security shall be an amount determined pursuant to 
General Instrument Condition 14 (Floating Rate Instrument Conditions). 
1.3
Conditional Coupon 
(a)
This Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(a) applies where "Conditional Coupon" is specified 
to apply in the relevant Issue Terms and "Deferred Conditional Coupon" is specified 
to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If a Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, 
then a Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of each Security on the Coupon 
Payment Date corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if no Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date, then no Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of each Security on the 
Coupon Payment Date corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date. 
(b)
This Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(b) applies where "Conditional Coupon" and 
"Deferred Conditional Coupon" are specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms.  
If a Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of one or more Coupon Observation 
Dates preceding the Coupon Payment Date, then a Coupon Amount shall be payable 
in respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if no Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of any Coupon Observation Date 
preceding the Coupon Payment Date, then no Coupon Amount shall be payable in 
respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment Date. 
(c)
This Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c) applies where "Conditional Coupon" and 
"Simultaneous Coupon Conditions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and "Deferred Conditional Coupon" is specified to be not applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms. If this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c) applies, Coupon Payout

--- Page 189 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
190 
Condition 1.3(a) and the definition of Coupon Amount in Coupon Payout Condition 
2.1 shall not apply to Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates except to the extent 
specified herein.  
Notwithstanding Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(a) and the definition of Coupon 
Amount in Coupon Payout Condition 2.1, if more than one Coupon Payment Event has 
occurred on Coupon Observation Dates that fall on the same Valuation Date or Pricing 
Date ("Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates"), then the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment Date corresponding to such 
Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Aggregate Coupon Amounts" to be applicable, the sum of the Coupon 
Amounts that would, but for this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c), have been 
payable in respect of each Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date on which 
a Coupon Payment Event has occurred under Coupon Payout Condition 
1.3(a);  
"Highest Coupon Amount" to be applicable, the highest of the Coupon 
Amounts that would, but for this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c), have been 
payable in respect of each Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date on which 
a Coupon Payment Event has occurred under Coupon Payout Condition 
1.3(a); 
"Lowest Coupon Amount" to be applicable, the lowest of the Coupon 
Amounts that would, but for this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c), have been 
payable in respect of each Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date on which 
a Coupon Payment Event has occurred under Coupon Payout Condition 
1.3(a); 
"Average Coupon Amount" to be applicable, the arithmetic mean of the 
Coupon Amounts that would, but for this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c), 
have been payable in respect of each Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date 
on which a Coupon Payment Event has occurred under Coupon Payout 
Condition 1.3(a), 
provided that, in each case, if a Coupon Payment Event has occurred on only one of 
the Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates, then the Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment Date corresponding to such 
Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates shall be equal to the Coupon Amount that 
would, but for this Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(c), have been payable in respect of 
such Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date on which a Coupon Payment has 
occurred under Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(a). 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
Coupon Payout Condition 1.3(a) applies instead of this Coupon 
Payout Condition 1.3(c) in respect of all Coupon Observation Dates 
other than Simultaneous Coupon Observation Dates;  
if no Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of any 
Simultaneous Coupon Observation Date, then no Coupon Amount 
shall be payable in respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment 
Date corresponding to such Simultaneous Coupon Observation 
Dates; and 
only one Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of each Security 
on the Coupon Payment Date corresponding to Simultaneous 
Coupon Observation Dates on which a Coupon Payment Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 190 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
191 
2.
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1
Definitions 
"Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts" or "APCA" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date and the Coupon Payment Date corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Security as being equal 
to the aggregate amount of the Coupon Amount(s) (if any) paid in respect of one Security on all 
Coupon Payment Date(s) (if any) preceding such Coupon Payment Date, provided that if there 
are no preceding Coupon Payment Dates or no Coupon Amount has been paid prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, then the APCA for such Coupon Observation Date shall be zero. 
"Aggregate Preceding Deferred Coupon Amounts" or "APDCA" means, in respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each 
Security as being equal to the aggregate amount of each Coupon Amount (Deferred) (one or 
more of which may be zero) in respect of one Security and all Coupon Observation Dates (if 
any) preceding such Coupon Observation Date, provided that if there are no preceding Coupon 
Observation Dates, then the APDCA for such Coupon Observation Date shall be zero.  
"Asset Initial Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Bloomberg Page" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount. 
"Calculation Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Converted Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
"Memory Coupon" to be applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA x CV) – APDCA) 
"Memory Coupon" to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA x CV) 
provided that, if  
(i)
 "Deferred Conditional Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as the sum of each Coupon Amount (Deferred) in respect of each 
Coupon Observation Date preceding the Coupon Payment Date; or  
(ii)
"Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount converted from the Calculation Currency into the 
Converted Currency at the Currency Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency 
Conversion Valuation Date." 
"Coupon Amount (Deferred)" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, if: 
a Coupon Payment Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, 
and: 
(a)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Memory Coupon (Deferred)" to be 
applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 191 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
192 
(CA x CV) – APDCA) 
(b)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Memory Coupon (Deferred)" to be not 
applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA x CV); or 
a Coupon Payment Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, zero. 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and 
an Underlying Asset, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(Coupon Barrier Asset Price)
(Asset Initial Price)
"Coupon Barrier Asset Price" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset for such Coupon Observation 
Date. 
"Coupon Barrier Level" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value to be: 
"Coupon Barrier Closing Price" or "Coupon Barrier Intraday Price", in respect of an 
Underlying Asset and a Coupon Observation Date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the 
Underlying Asset, or a percentage of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date 
corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both); or  
"Coupon Barrier Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket and a Coupon Observation 
Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date; or 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"Coupon Barrier Level 1" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value to be: 
"Coupon Barrier Closing Price", in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon Observation 
Date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 1" for such 
Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon 
Barrier Level 1" for such Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or 
both); or  
"Coupon Barrier Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket and a Coupon Observation 
Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 1" for such Coupon Observation Date; or 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 1" for such Coupon Observation Date 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"Coupon Barrier Level 2" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value to be:

--- Page 192 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
193 
"Coupon Barrier Closing Price", in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon Observation 
Date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 2" for such 
Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon 
Barrier Level 2" for such Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or 
both); or 
"Coupon Barrier Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket and a Coupon Observation 
Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 2" for such Coupon Observation Date; or 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the "Coupon Barrier Level 2" for such Coupon Observation Date 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"Coupon Barrier Observation Period" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of an 
Underlying Asset and a Coupon Observation Date:  
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", each period 
commencing on the Coupon Observation Period Start Date in respect of such 
Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, following 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions 
applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Coupon 
Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and ending on 
the Coupon Observation Period End Date for such Underlying Asset corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the 
relevant Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and 
including or excluding such Coupon Observation Period End Date, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms); or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", each period 
commencing on the Coupon Observation Period Start Date in respect of such 
Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, prior to any 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions 
applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Coupon 
Observation Period Start Date for such Underlying Asset, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and ending on the Coupon Observation Period End Date for such 
Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, prior to any 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions 
applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Coupon 
Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms),  
and in each case, where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, there shall be a separate Coupon 
Barrier Observation Period in respect of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket.  
"Coupon Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, a Coupon 
Payment Date and the Coupon Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the last day of such Coupon Barrier Observation Period in 
respect of such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, and shall be 
included or excluded from such Coupon Barrier Observation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, a Coupon 
Payment Date and the Coupon Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of such Coupon Barrier Observation Period in 
respect of such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, and shall be 
included or excluded from such Coupon Barrier Observation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
194 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" has, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the meaning 
determined in accordance with the following paragraphs: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Observation Period" to be 
applicable, and:  
if "Coupon Barrier Closing Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(1) 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value" means (y) the Reference Price of the 
Underlying Asset on each Observation Date (closing valuation) 
during the Coupon Barrier Observation Period corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset 
on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Coupon 
Barrier Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
(2) 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, (y) 
the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on each 
Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Coupon Barrier 
Observation Period for such Underlying Asset corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Price of such Underlying 
Asset on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the 
Coupon Barrier Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
if "Coupon Basket Value" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means (y) the Coupon Basket 
Value on each Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Coupon 
Barrier Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, 
or (z) if "Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Coupon Basket Value on any 
Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Coupon Barrier Observation 
Period corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date; 
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Price (i) (t)" means, for any relevant day, the 
Reference Price of each Underlying Asset (i) on such relevant day; 
"Coupon Basket Value" means, for any relevant day, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
෍Weight (i) × Coupon Barrier Asset Price (i) (t)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as the "Weight" or the "Weighting" 
in respect of an Underlying Asser (i) in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 194 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
195 
if "Coupon Barrier Intraday Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(1) 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset other than 
a Commodity, "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means (y) the 
Asset Intraday Price of the Underlying Asset at all times on each 
Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the Coupon Barrier 
Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Asset 
Intraday Price of the Underlying Asset at any time on any 
Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the Coupon Barrier 
Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date; or 
(2) 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket other than a 
Commodity Basket, "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means, in 
respect of an Underlying Asset, (y) the Asset Intraday Price of 
such Underlying Asset at all times on each Observation Date 
(intraday valuation) during the Coupon Barrier Observation 
Period for such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
(Inverse)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Asset Intraday Price of such Underlying Asset at any 
time on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the 
Coupon Barrier Observation Period for such Underlying Asset 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(3) 
where the Securities relate to a single Commodity, "Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value" means (y) the Commodity Price of the 
Commodity at all times during the Observation Hours on each 
Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the Coupon Barrier 
Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Commodity Price of the Commodity at any time during the 
Observation Hours on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) 
during the Coupon Barrier Observation Period corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
where the Securities relate to a Commodity Basket, "Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value" means, in respect of a Commodity, (y) 
the Commodity Price of such Commodity at all times during the 
Observation Hours for such Commodity on each Observation 
Date (intraday valuation) during the Coupon Barrier Observation 
Period for such Commodity corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date, or (z) if "Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
(Inverse)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Commodity Price of such Commodity at any time 
during; or 
(4) 
the Observation Hours for such Commodity on any Observation 
Date (intra-day valuation) during the Coupon Barrier Observation 
Period for such Commodity corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Coupon Barrier Observation Period" to be 
applicable or specify "Coupon Barrier Observation Period" to be not applicable, and: 
if "Coupon Barrier Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying

--- Page 195 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
196 
Asset, the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset on such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
if "Coupon Barrier Basket Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means the sum of the weighted 
performance of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, which is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
෍Weight (i) × Coupon Barrier Asset Price (i)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each 
Underlying Asset (i); 
"Coupon Barrier Asset Price (i) " means the Coupon Barrier Asset 
Price of each Underlying Asset (i) on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date; 
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset 
Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as the "Weight" or the 
"Weighting" in respect of an Underlying Asset (i) in the relevant 
Issue Terms; or 
if "Coupon Barrier Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Asset, the Coupon Barrier Asset Performance of the Underlying 
Asset. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset which is: 
a Share, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
an Index, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
a Commodity, each Pricing Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
an FX Rate, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
a Fund, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or 
a Futures Contract, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Coupon Observation Date" 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
a Reference Entity in respect of Credit Linked Securities, each Valuation Date specified 
to be a "Coupon Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms. 
provided that if a single Valuation Date or Pricing Date is specified as a "Coupon Observation 
Date" in more than one row of the Contingent Coupon Table in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
each occurrence of such Valuation Date or Pricing Date in the Contingent Coupon Table shall

--- Page 196 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
197 
be deemed to be a separate Coupon Observation Date for the purposes of these Coupon Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, any of the following 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (A) such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date, or (B) the date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be a Coupon Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such 
Coupon Observation Date is scheduled to fall, or (C) the day falling the Specified Number of 
Business Day(s) after the Relevant Coupon Payment Determination Date in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date, (D) the Autocall Payment Date corresponding to the Autocall 
Observation Date (if any) on which an Autocall Event has occurred or, if no Autocall Event has 
occurred on any Autocall Observation Date, the Maturity Date, provided that, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify:  
"First Coupon Payment Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable in respect of 
any Coupon Payment Date corresponding to a Coupon Observation Date, in which case 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be, in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, such 
date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date or the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such Coupon 
Observation Date is scheduled to fall (each, a "Scheduled Coupon Payment Date"), 
or, if later, the later to occur of (I) the Specified Number of Business Day(s) following 
the Scheduled Coupon Observation Date or the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) corresponding to such 
Scheduled Coupon Payment Date, and (II) the day falling the number of Business Days 
equal to the Number of CPD Period Business Days after the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date; or 
"Second Coupon Payment Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable, in which 
case, such Coupon Payment Date shall be, in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, 
such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date or the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such Coupon 
Observation Date is scheduled to fall (each, a "Scheduled Coupon Payment Date"), 
or, if later, the day falling the Specified Number of Business Day(s) after the Relevant 
Coupon Payment Determination Date. 
Where "Redemption at the option of the Issuer" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if the Issuer exercises its rights under the General Note Conditions or General Instrument 
Conditions (as applicable) to redeem the Securities on an Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
there shall be no Coupon Payment Date subsequent to such Optional Redemption Date (Call).  
If the Autocall Payout Conditions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable and 
an Autocall Event occurs on an Autocall Observation Date, then, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
"No Coupon Amount payable following Autocall Event" to be not applicable, then the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately following such Autocall Observation Date shall be 
the final Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates); 
or 
"No Coupon Amount payable following Autocall Event" to be applicable, then the 
Coupon Payment Date (if any) immediately preceding such Autocall Observation Date 
shall be the final Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Coupon Payment 
Dates). 
"Coupon Payment Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Payment Event shall be deemed to occur in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), where 
the relevant Issue Terms specify, as applicable:

--- Page 197 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
198 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level", 
the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than or equal 
to its Coupon Barrier Level; or  
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value greater than the Coupon Barrier Level", the Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than its Coupon Barrier 
Level; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than Coupon Barrier Level 1 and greater than 
or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any 
Underlying Asset is less than its Coupon Barrier Level 1 and the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier 
Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than Coupon Barrier Level 1 and greater than 
Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset 
is less than its Coupon Barrier Level 1 and the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of each 
Underlying Asset is greater than its Coupon Barrier Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 1 and 
greater than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
of any Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level 1 and the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than or equal to 
its Coupon Barrier Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 1 and 
greater than Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any 
Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level 1 and the Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than its Coupon Barrier 
Level 2; or  
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level", the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its 
Coupon Barrier Level; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than the Coupon Barrier Level", the Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is less than its Coupon Barrier 
Level,  
provided that, in each case: 
(a)
if "Coupon Payment Event (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the "Coupon Payment Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date (and a Coupon Payment Event shall be deemed to occur in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date if), where the relevant Issue Terms specify, as applicable: 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier 
Level", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is 
greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level; or  
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value greater than the Coupon Barrier Level", the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is greater than its 
Coupon Barrier Level; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than Coupon Barrier Level 1 and 
greater than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is less than its Coupon Barrier 
Level 1 and the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is 
greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than Coupon Barrier Level 1 and 
greater than Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of

--- Page 198 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
199 
each Underlying Asset is less than its Coupon Barrier Level 1 and the Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is greater than its Coupon 
Barrier Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 
1 and greater than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Coupon 
Barrier Level 1 and the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying 
Asset is greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level 2; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to Coupon Barrier Level 
1 and greater than Coupon Barrier Level 2", the Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value of each Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Coupon Barrier 
Level 1 and the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is 
greater than its Coupon Barrier Level 2; or  
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier 
Level", the Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is less 
than or equal to its Coupon Barrier Level; or 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value less than the Coupon Barrier Level", the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is less than its 
Coupon Barrier Level; and 
(b)
if "No Coupon Amount payable following Autocall Event" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms and an Autocall Event occurs on an Autocall Observation 
Date falling on the relevant Coupon Observation Date, then a Coupon Payment Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred on such Coupon Observation Date and no Coupon 
Amount shall be payable in respect of each Security on the Coupon Payment Date 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date 
"Coupon Reference Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (such 
date being the "Scheduled Coupon Reference Date" for such Coupon Reference Date), provided 
that the Coupon Reference Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Underlying Asset Conditions as if such date were a Valuation Date and the Scheduled Coupon 
Reference Date were a Scheduled Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Value" or "CV" means: 
if "Multi-Coupon Value" and "Coupon Value Multiplier Method" are specified to be 
not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or 
Coupon Reference Date (as applicable), the amount or percentage amount specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date or Coupon 
Reference Date; or 
if "Multi-Coupon Value" is specified to be applicable and "Coupon Value Multiplier 
Method" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, and: 
if the Reference Price of each Underlying Asset on such Coupon Observation 
Date is greater than or equal to its respective Multi-Coupon Value Barrier 
Level, an amount or percentage amount equal to the Multi-Coupon Value 1 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
if the Reference Price of any Underlying Asset on such Coupon Observation 
Date is less than its Multi-Coupon Value Barrier Level and the Reference 
Price of each Underlying Asset on such Coupon Observation Date is greater 
than or equal to its respective Coupon Barrier Level, an amount or percentage 
amount equal to the Multi-Coupon Value 2 specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date; or

--- Page 199 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
200 
if "Coupon Value Multiplier Method" is specified to be applicable and "Multi-Coupon 
Value" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Coupon 
Value in respect of a Coupon Observation Date shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as the product of (a) the Coupon Value Multiplier corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date, multiplied by (b) the Coupon Value Multiplicand. 
"Coupon Value Multiplicand" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Value Multiplier" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Contingent Coupon Table in the relevant Issue Terms that corresponds 
to such Coupon Observation Date in the Contingent Coupon Table."DCF" means, in respect of 
a Fixed Coupon Amount and an Interest Period, the Day Count Fraction corresponding to such 
Interest Period. 
"Cross Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Conversion Business Day(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 
6. 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Conditions. 
"Currency Conversion Rate" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Conversion Valuation Date" means the date specified as the "Currency Conversion 
Valuation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if "Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if such day falls on a day that is not a day 
on which the relevant Currency Fixing Price Sponsor publishes each exchange rate used to 
determine the Currency Conversion Rate, the immediately following day on which the relevant 
Currency Fixing Price Sponsor publishes each exchange rate used to determine the Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
"Currency Fixing Price Sponsor" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Price" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Price Source" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Fixed Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Reference Date, any of the 
following as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (A) such date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon Reference Date, or (B) the date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be a Fixed Coupon Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after 
the date on which such Coupon Reference Date is scheduled to fall, or (C) the day falling the 
Specified Number of Business Day(s) after the Relevant Fixed Coupon Payment Determination 
Date in respect of such Coupon Reference Date, provided that, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
"First Fixed Coupon Payment Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable in respect of 
any Fixed Coupon Payment Date corresponding to a Coupon Reference Date, in which 
case such Fixed Coupon Payment Date shall be, in respect of such Coupon Reference 
Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such 
Coupon Reference Date or the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a Fixed 
Coupon Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such 
Coupon Reference Date is scheduled to fall (each, a "Scheduled Fixed Coupon 
Payment Date"), or, if later, the later to occur of (I) the Specified Number of Business 
Day(s) following the Scheduled Coupon Reference Date or the Relevant Fixed Coupon 
Payment Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) corresponding 
to such Scheduled Fixed Coupon Payment Date, and (II) the day falling the number of

--- Page 200 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
201 
Business Days equal to the Number of FCPD Period Business Days after the Relevant 
Fixed Coupon Payment Determination Date; or 
"Second Fixed Coupon Payment Date Specific Adjustment" to be applicable, in which 
case, such Fixed Coupon Payment Date shall be, in respect of such Coupon Reference 
Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such 
Coupon Reference Date or the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a Fixed 
Coupon Payment Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such 
Coupon Reference Date is scheduled to fall (each, a "Scheduled Fixed Coupon 
Payment Date"), or, if later, the day falling the Specified Number of Business Day(s) 
after 
the 
Relevant 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Payment 
Determination 
Date.  
Where "Redemption at the option of the Issuer" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer exercises its rights under the General Note 
Conditions or General Instrument Conditions (as applicable) to redeem the Securities 
on an Optional Redemption Date (Call), there shall be no Fixed Coupon Payment Date 
subsequent 
to 
such 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call). 
If the Autocall Payout Conditions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable and an Autocall Event occurs on an Autocall Observation Date, then, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"No Coupon Amount payable following Autocall Event" to be not applicable, 
then the Fixed Coupon Payment Date immediately following such Autocall 
Observation Date shall be the final Fixed Coupon Payment Date (and there 
shall be no further Fixed Coupon Payment Dates); or 
"No Coupon Amount payable following Autocall Event" to be applicable, 
then the Fixed Coupon Payment Date (if any) immediately preceding such 
Autocall Observation Date shall be the final Fixed Coupon Payment Date (and 
there shall be no further Fixed Coupon Payment Dates). 
"FX (Initial)" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX (IPD)" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Exchange Rate in respect of the 
Valuation Date corresponding to such Interest Payment Date."Multi-Coupon Value 1" means, 
in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Multi-Coupon Value 2" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the amount 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Multi-Coupon Value Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Coupon 
Observation Date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Multi-Coupon Value 
Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Multi-Coupon Value Barrier Level" for such Coupon Observation Date 
corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both). 
"New York Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York 
City.  
"Number of CPD Period Business Days" means the number of Business Days which the 
Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the Strike Date, shall fall in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Scheduled Coupon Observation Date corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date and ending on, and including, the corresponding Scheduled Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 201 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
202 
"Number of FCPD Period Business Days" means the number of Business Days which the 
Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the Strike Date, shall fall in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Scheduled Coupon Reference Date corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Reference Date and ending on, and including, the corresponding Scheduled Fixed Coupon 
Payment Date in respect of such Coupon Reference Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Determination Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date corresponding to a Scheduled Coupon Payment Date, the Latest Reference Date in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Date, such Coupon Observation Date or such other date specified 
as such, each as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Fixed Coupon Payment Determination Date" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Reference Date corresponding to a Scheduled Fixed Coupon Payment Date, the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of such Coupon Reference Date (where the definition of the "Latest 
Reference Date" in the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions shall be applied to the Coupon 
Reference Date as if such Coupon Reference Date were a Valuation Date), such Coupon 
Reference Date or such other date specified as such, each as may be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Number of Business Day(s)" means the number of Business Days which the 
Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the Strike Date, shall fall in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Scheduled Valuation Date corresponding to a Valuation Date and ending on, and 
including, the corresponding Scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of such Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reuters Screen" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Coupon Observation Date" means the original date on which a Coupon 
Observation Date is scheduled to fall, prior to any adjustments pursuant to the applicable 
Underlying Asset Conditions. 
"Scheduled Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" in respect of an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Conditions.  
"Specified Bloomberg Page" means the Bloomberg Page specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Specified Number of Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Specified Reuters Screen" means the Reuters Screen specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Underlying Asset Table" means the table specified as such in relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" in respect of an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
2.2
Interpretation 
If the relevant Securities are Notes, each reference in these Coupon Payout Conditions 
to "each Security" shall be deemed to be a reference to "each nominal amount of each 
Note equal to the Calculation Amount", or, if "Trading in Nominal" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and: 
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be not applicable, each 
reference in these Coupon Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be

--- Page 202 ---
Coupon Payout Conditions 
203 
deemed to be a reference to "each Certificate (of the Nominal Amount)" in the 
case of Certificates, or "each Warrant (of the Nominal Amount)" in the case 
of Warrants; or 
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be applicable, each reference 
in these Coupon Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to "each Certificate (of the Calculation Amount)" in the case of 
Certificates or "each Warrant (of the Calculation Amount)" in the case of 
Warrants and each reference to "Aggregate Nominal Amount" shall be a 
reference to "Aggregate Amount".  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Coupon Payout Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the General Note Conditions or the General Instrument 
Conditions. 
Any reference to a "date" in the Conditions shall be construed as a reference to a 
particular Valuation Date, Initial Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Initial Averaging 
Date or any other type of date that is defined in the Conditions (as the context may 
require), if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 203 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
204 
AUTOCALL PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
The following conditions (the "Autocall Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Securities (unless 
otherwise specified in the Autocall Payout Conditions below), and to the extent provided in the Autocall 
Payout Conditions below, each sub-paragraph thereof shall apply where specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
1.
Autocall 
1.1
Autocall Event 
If "Autocall Payout Conditions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date has occurred (i) if such Security is an Instrument, upon the exercise or deemed exercise of 
such Security by a Holder pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer shall pay the Autocall Event 
Amount on the Autocall Payment Date corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, or (ii) 
if such Security is a Note, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Autocall Payment Date 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date by payment of the Autocall Event Amount. 
1.2
Simultaneous Autocall Observation Dates 
Notwithstanding Autocall Payout Condition 1.1, if "Simultaneous Autocall Conditions" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and more than one Autocall Event has 
occurred on Autocall Observation Dates that fall on the same Valuation Date or Pricing Date 
("Simultaneous Autocall Observation Dates"), then the Autocall Event Amount payable 
pursuant to Autocall Payout Condition 1.1 in respect of each Security on the Autocall Payment 
Date corresponding to such Simultaneous Autocall Observation Dates shall be, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify: 
"Aggregate Autocall Event Amounts" to be applicable, the sum of the Autocall Event 
Amounts that would, but for this Autocall Payout Condition 1.2, have been payable in 
respect of each Simultaneous Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall Event 
has occurred under Autocall Payout Condition 1.1;  
"Highest Autocall Event Amount" to be applicable, the highest of the Autocall Event 
Amounts that would, but for this Autocall Payout Condition 1.2, have been payable in 
respect of each Simultaneous Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall Event 
has occurred under Autocall Payout Condition 1.1; 
"Lowest Autocall Event Amount" to be applicable, the lowest of the Autocall Event 
Amounts that would, but for this Autocall Payout Condition 1.2, have been payable in 
respect of each Simultaneous Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall Event 
has occurred under Autocall Payout Condition 1.1; 
"Average Autocall Event Amount" to be applicable, the arithmetic mean of the 
Autocall Event Amounts that would, but for this Autocall Payout Condition 1.2, have 
been payable in respect of each Simultaneous Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred under Autocall Payout Condition 1.1, 
provided that, in each case, if an Autocall Event occurs on only one of the Simultaneous 
Autocall Observation Dates, then the Autocall Event Amount payable in respect of each 
Security on the Autocall Payment Date corresponding to such Simultaneous Autocall 
Observation Dates shall be equal to the Autocall Event Amount that would, but for this Autocall 
Payout Condition 1.2, have been payable in respect of such Simultaneous Autocall Observation 
Date on which an Autocall Event has occurred under Autocall Payout Condition 1.1. 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
this Autocall Payout Condition 1.2 does not apply in respect of Autocall 
Observation Dates that are not Simultaneous Autocall Observation Dates;

--- Page 204 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
205 
only one Autocall Event Amount shall be payable in respect of each Security 
on the Autocall Payment Date corresponding to Simultaneous Autocall 
Observation Dates on which an Autocall Event has occurred. 
2.
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1
Definitions 
"Autocall Asset Comparative Price Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset, the Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Asset Comparative Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Asset Comparative Price
Asset Initial Price
"Autocall Asset Comparative Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the Reference 
Price of such Underlying Asset on the Autocall Asset Comparative Price Observation Date. 
"Asset Basket" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Asset Initial Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Autocall Asset Performance" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Asset Price
Asset Initial Price
"Autocall Asset Price" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying 
Asset: (i) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Closing Price", the Reference Price of 
the Underlying Asset on such Autocall Observation Date, or (ii) if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Autocall Average Price", the Autocall Average Price for such Autocall Observation 
Date in respect of the Underlying Asset. 
"Autocall Average Price" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD)" as not 
applicable for such Autocall Observation Date, in respect of an Underlying Asset which 
is: 
(b)
a Share, an Index or a Fund, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Price of 
such Underlying Asset on each of the Autocall Averaging Dates in the Set of 
Autocall Averaging Dates corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date; 
(c)
a Commodity or a Futures Contract, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Price of such Underlying Asset on each of the Autocall Pricing Dates in the 
Set of Autocall Pricing Dates corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date. 
For the purpose of determining the "Autocall Average Price" in respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the adjustments set forth in the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions that 
are applicable to Averaging Dates shall be deemed to apply only to those Averaging Dates 
included in the relevant Set of Autocall Averaging Dates for such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD)" as 
applicable for such Autocall Observation Date, in respect of an Underlying Asset which 
is:

--- Page 205 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
206 
(a)
a Share, an Index or a Fund, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Price of 
such Underlying Asset on each Observation Date (closing valuation) during 
the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date; 
(b)
a Commodity or a Futures Contract, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Price of such Underlying Asset on each Observation Date (closing valuation) 
during the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, each Averaging 
Date comprised in the Set of Autocall Averaging Dates corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date. The "Set of Autocall Averaging Dates" shall be, in respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date and: 
a Share, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), and each of the Specified Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such date; 
an Index, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), and each of the Specified Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such date; 
a Commodity, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day, the next following Scheduled Commodity Business Day), 
and each of the Specified Number of Scheduled Commodity Business Days 
immediately following such date; or 
a Fund, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Fund Calculation Day, 
the next following Fund Calculation Day), and each of the Specified Number of Fund 
Calculation Days immediately following such date; or 
a Futures Contract, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day, the next following Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day), and each of the Specified Number of Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Days immediately following such date. 
In respect of each Set of Autocall Averaging Dates, the Autocall Averaging Date (after any 
adjustments pursuant to the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions) falling latest in time shall 
be the "Last Autocall Averaging Date" in respect of such Set of Autocall Averaging Dates. 
"Autocall Basket Performance" means, in respect of each Autocall Observation Date, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of the Autocall Weighted Underlying 
Performance of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket for such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Best Performing Asset" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the 
Underlying Asset with the highest Autocall Asset Performance for such Autocall Observation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying Assets 
have the same highest Autocall Asset Performance for such Autocall Observation Date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying 
Assets shall be the Autocall Best Performing Asset for such Autocall Observation Date, and 
such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the Autocall Best Performing Asset for 
such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to occur in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify, as applicable: 
"Autocall Reference Value greater than or equal to the Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than or equal to its Autocall Level 
for such Autocall Observation Date, to such Autocall Observation Date or if "Autocall 
Event (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable to such Autocall Observation Date in the

--- Page 206 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
207 
relevant Issue Terms, the Autocall Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is greater 
than or equal to its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date; or  
"Autocall Reference Value greater than the Autocall Level", the Autocall Reference 
Value of each Underlying Asset is greater than its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or if "Autocall Event (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable to such 
Autocall Observation Date in the relevant Issue Terms, the Autocall Reference Value 
of any Underlying Asset is greater than its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
"Autocall Reference Value less than or equal to the Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Autocall Level 
for such Autocall Observation Date; or if "Autocall Event (Inverse)" is specified to be 
applicable to such Autocall Observation Date in the relevant Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Reference Value of any Underlying Asset is less than or equal to its Autocall Level for 
such Autocall Observation Date; or 
"Autocall Reference Value less than the Autocall Level", the Autocall Reference Value 
of each Underlying Asset is less than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation 
Date; if "Autocall Event (Inverse)" is specified to be applicable to such Autocall 
Observation Date in the relevant Issue Terms, the Autocall Reference Value of any 
Underlying Asset is less than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
"Best-of Autocall Reference Value greater than or equal to its Autocall Level", the 
Autocall Reference Value of the Autocall Best Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is greater than or equal to its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
"Best-of Autocall Reference Value greater than its Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of the Autocall Best Performing Asset for such Autocall Observation 
Date is greater than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date; or  
"Best-of Autocall Reference Value less than or equal to its Autocall Level", the 
Autocall Reference Value of the Autocall Best Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is less than or equal to its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
"Best-of Autocall Reference Value less than its Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of the Autocall Best Performing Asset for such Autocall Observation 
Date is less than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date; or 
"Worst-of Autocall Reference Value less than or equal to its Autocall Level", the 
Autocall Reference Value of the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is less than or equal to its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
"Worst-of Autocall Reference Value less than its Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is less than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
"Worst-of Autocall Reference Value greater than or equal to its Autocall Level", the 
Autocall Reference Value of the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is greater than or equal to its Autocall Level for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
"Worst-of Autocall Reference Value greater than its Autocall Level", the Autocall 
Reference Value of the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for such Autocall 
Observation Date is greater than its Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date.

--- Page 207 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
208 
In respect of a Security which is (i) an Instrument, an Autocall Event shall be construed as an 
Automatic Early Exercise Event, or (ii) a Note, an Autocall Event shall be construed as an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event. 
"Autocall Event Amount" means, in respect of each Security and an Autocall Observation Date 
in respect of which an Autocall Event has occurred, where (i) the relevant Issue Terms do not 
specify "Daily Autocall Event Amount", "Autocall Floored Weighted Basket" or "Autocall 
Multiplier Method" to be applicable, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Date, or (ii) the relevant Issue Terms specify "Daily Autocall 
Event Amount" as applicable, the Daily Autocall Event Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date, or (iii) the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Floored Weighted Basket" 
as applicable, the Autocall Floored Weighted Basket Event Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date, or (iv) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Multiplier Method" to 
be applicable, then the Autocall Event Amount in respect of an Autocall Observation Date shall 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (A) 
the Autocall Event Base Amount, plus (B) the product of (I) the Autocall Value Multiplier 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, multiplied by (II) the Autocall Value 
Multiplicand. In respect of a Security which is (i) an Instrument, the Autocall Event Amount 
shall be construed as the Automatic Early Exercise Amount, or (ii) a Note, the Autocall Event 
Amount shall be construed as the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. If "Currency 
Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Autocall 
Event Amount shall be an amount converted from the Calculation Currency into the Converted 
Currency at the Currency Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date. 
"Autocall Event Base Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Event Floor Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Floored Weighted Basket Event Amount" means, in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
ܥܣ
× [ܣݑݐ݋݈݈ܿܽ ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁
+ ܯܽݔ(ܣݑݐ݋݈݈ܿܽ ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ ܲ݁ݎ݂݋ݎ݉ܽ݊ܿ݁; ܣݑݐ݋݈݈ܿܽ ܧݒ݁݊ݐ ܨ݈݋݋ݎ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ)]
"Autocall Level" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Autocall Reference Value for 
an Autocall Observation Date to be: 
"Autocall Closing Price" or "Autocall Average Price", in respect of an Underlying 
Asset, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Autocall Level" for 
such Autocall Observation Date corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Autocall Level" for such Autocall Observation Date corresponding 
to the Underlying Asset (or both); or  
"Autocall Basket Value" or "Autocall Basket Dispersion Value", in respect of an Asset 
Basket, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified as the 
"Autocall Level" for such Autocall Observation Date in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
"Autocall Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which 
may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
the "Autocall Level" for such Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset, provided that if "Autocall Level Comparative Method" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms as applicable in respect of such Autocall Observation Date, 
the Autocall Level for such Autocall Observation Date shall be the greater of (1) the

--- Page 208 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
209 
Autocall Asset Comparative Performance of such Underlying Asset and (2) the 
Autocall Level Floor for such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Level Floor" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms corresponding to such Underlying Asset and such Autocall Observation 
Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period" as applicable, any 
Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Autocall Observation Period; or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period" as not applicable, in 
respect of an Underlying Asset which is: 
a Share, each Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified to be an "Autocall 
Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
an Index, each Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified to be an "Autocall 
Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
a Commodity, each Pricing Date specified to be an "Autocall Observation 
Date" in the relevant Issue Terms;  
a Futures Contract, each Pricing Date specified to be an "Autocall Observation 
Date" in the relevant Issue Terms;  
an FX Rate, each Valuation Date specified to be an "Autocall Observation 
Date" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
a Fund, each Valuation Date specified to be an "Autocall Observation Date" 
in the relevant Find Terms,  
provided that if a single Valuation Date or Pricing Date is specified as an "Autocall 
Observation Date" in more than one row of the Autocall Table in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then each occurrence of such Valuation Date or Pricing Date in the Autocall 
Table shall be deemed to be a separate Autocall Observation Date for the purposes of 
these Autocall Payout Conditions. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means the period commencing on, and including, the Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date and ending on, but excluding, the Autocall Observation Period 
End Date. 
"Autocall Observation Period End Date" means the Final Reference Date (prior to any 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the 
Underlying Asset(s)) or such other date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Period Start Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
''Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD)" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of 
an Underlying Asset and an Autocall Observation Date: 
(if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", the period 
commencing on the Autocall Observation Period Start Date (Per AOD) in respect of 
such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, following 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions 
applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date (Per AOD), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and 
ending on the Autocall Observation Period End Date (Per AOD) for such Underlying 
Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, following adjustment of such

--- Page 209 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
210 
date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying 
Asset (and including or excluding such Autocall Observation Date Period End Date 
(Per AOD), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms); or 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", the period 
commencing on the Autocall Observation Period Start Date (Per AOD) in respect of 
such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, prior to any 
adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions 
applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date (Per AOD) for such Underlying Asset, as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms) and ending on the Autocall Observation Period End Date 
(Per AOD) for such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset 
Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such (and 
including or excluding such Autocall Observation Date Period End Date (Per AOD), 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms),  
and in each case, where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, there shall be a separate Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD) in respect of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket for such 
Autocall Observation Date. 
''Autocall Observation Period End Date (Per AOD)" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset, an Autocall Observation Date and the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the last day of such Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) in respect of 
such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, and shall be included 
or excluded from such Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD), as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
''Autocall Observation Period Start Date (Per AOD)" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset, an Autocall Observation Date and the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the first day of such Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) in respect 
of such Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, and shall be 
included or excluded from such Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD), as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Payment Date" means, in respect of each Autocall Observation Date and a Security 
that is: 
an Instrument, the Automatic Early Exercise Date corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date; and 
a Note, the Automatic Early Redemption Date corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Pricing Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, each Pricing Date 
comprised in the Set of Autocall Pricing Dates corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date. The "Set of Autocall Pricing Dates" shall be, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date 
and a Commodity, such Autocall Observation Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day, the next following Scheduled Commodity Business Day), and each 
of the Specified Number of Scheduled Commodity Business Days immediately following such 
date. In respect of each Set of Autocall Pricing Dates, the Autocall Pricing Date (after any 
adjustments pursuant to the applicable Commodity Linked Conditions) falling latest in time 
shall be the "Final Autocall Pricing Date" in respect of such Set of Autocall Pricing Dates. 
"Autocall Protection Level" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Reference Value" has, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the meaning 
determined in accordance with the following paragraphs: 
if "Autocall Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and:

--- Page 210 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
211 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD)" 
to be 
(1) 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, 
"Autocall Reference Value" means (y) the Reference Price of the 
Underlying Asset on each Observation Date (closing valuation) 
during 
the 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period 
(Per 
AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation Date, or (z) if 
"Autocall Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified to be 
applicable to such Autocall Observation Date in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset on any 
Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD) corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(2) 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Autocall 
Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, (y) 
the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on each 
Observation Date (closing valuation) for such Underlying Asset 
during the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) for such 
Underlying Asset corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, or (z) if "Autocall Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified 
to be applicable to such Autocall Observation Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Price of such Underlying 
Asset on any Observation Date (closing valuation) for such 
Underlying Asset during the Autocall Observation Period (Per 
AOD); or 
if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per 
AOD)" to be applicable to an Autocall Observation Date, "Autocall Reference 
Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the Reference Price for the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date of the Underlying Asset; or 
if "Autocall Average Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Autocall 
Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the Autocall Average Price 
for the relevant Autocall Observation Date of the Underlying Asset; or 
if ''Autocall Basket Value'' is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD)" 
to be applicable to an Autocall Observation Date, (y) the Basket Reference 
Price on each Observation Date (closing valuation) during the Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD) corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, or (z) if "Autocall Reference Value (Inverse)" is specified to be 
applicable to such Autocall Observation Date in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Basket Reference Price on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during 
the Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date; 
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"Autocall Asset Price (i)(t)" means, in respect of any relevant day, the 
Autocall Asset Price for such relevant day of each Underlying Asset (i); 
"Basket Reference Price" means, for any relevant day, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 211 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
212 
෍Weight (i) × Autocall Asset Price (i)(t)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as the "Weight" or the "Weighting" 
in respect of an Underlying Asset (i) in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Autocall Observation Period (Per 
AOD)" to be applicable to an Autocall Observation Date, "Autocall Reference 
Value" means the sum of the weighted performance for the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, which is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
෍Weight (i) × Autocall Asset Price (i)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"Autocall Asset Price (i)" means the Autocall Asset Price for the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date of each Underlying Asset (i); 
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as the "Weight" or the "Weighting" 
in respect of an Underlying Asset (i) in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
if "Autocall Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Autocall Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the 
Autocall Asset Performance for the relevant Autocall Observation Date of the 
Underlying Asset; or 
if "Autocall Basket Dispersion Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Autocall Reference Value" means the Basket Dispersion (t) for the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Value Multiplicand" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Value Multiplier" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Autocall Table in the relevant Issue Terms in the row that corresponds 
to such Autocall Observation Date in the Autocall Table. 
"Autocall Weighted Underlying Performance" means, in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date and in respect of each Underlying Asset, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܹ݁݅݃ℎݐ(݅) × ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ (ܣݑݐ݋݈݈ܿܽ) −ܣݏݏ݁ݐ ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܣݏݏ݁ݐ ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
"Autocall Worst Performing Asset" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the 
Underlying Asset with the lowest Autocall Asset Performance for such Autocall Observation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying Assets 
have the same lowest Autocall Asset Performance for such Autocall Observation Date, then the

--- Page 212 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
213 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying 
Assets shall be the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for such Autocall Observation Date, and 
such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the Autocall Worst Performing Asset for 
such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Basket Dispersion (t)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Calculation Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Converted Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Cross Currency" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Conversion Business Day(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 
6. 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Conditions. 
"Currency Conversion Rate" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Conversion Valuation Date" means the date specified as the "Currency Conversion 
Valuation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if "Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if such day falls on a day that is not a day 
on which the relevant Currency Fixing Price Sponsor publishes each exchange rate used to 
determine the Currency Conversion Rate, the immediately following day on which the relevant 
Currency Fixing Price Sponsor publishes each exchange rate used to determine the Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
"Currency Fixing Price Sponsor" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Price" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Price Source" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Currency Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Daily Autocall Event Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, the 
amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × ൬Base Amount + ൤Annual Rate × N
365൨൰
Where: 
"Annual Rate" means the value specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Base Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"N" means, in respect of the relevant Autocall Observation Date, the number of 
calendar days falling in the period commencing on, and including, the Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date and ending on, but excluding, such Autocall Observation 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, N shall be equal to zero in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date falling on the Autocall Observation Period Start Date. 
In respect of a Security which is (i) an Instrument, the Daily Autocall Event Amount 
shall be construed as the Automatic Early Exercise Amount, or (ii) a Note, the Daily 
Autocall Event Amount shall be construed as the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 213 ---
Autocall Payout Conditions 
214 
"Derived Exchange Rate" has the meaning given to it in the Payout Condition 6. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Reference Price (Autocall)" means, in respect of each Autocall Observation Date and in 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on such 
Autocall Observation Date. 
"Specified Number" means in respect of an Autocall Observation Date, Final Set First Pricing 
Date or Final Set First Averaging Date (as applicable), a number of Scheduled Trading Days or 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days or Fund Calculation Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date, Final Set First Pricing Date or Final Set 
First Averaging Date (as applicable). 
2.2
Interpretation 
If the relevant Securities are Notes, each reference in these Autocall Payout Conditions 
to "each Security" shall be deemed to be a reference to "each nominal amount of each 
Note equal to the Calculation Amount", or, if "Trading in Nominal" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be not applicable, each 
reference in these Autocall Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "each Certificate (of the Nominal Amount)" in the 
case of Certificates, or "each Warrant (of the Nominal Amount)" in the case 
of Warrants; or  
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be applicable, each reference 
in these Autocall Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to "each Certificate (of the Calculation Amount)" in the case of 
Certificates or "each Warrant (of the Calculation Amount)" in the case of 
Warrants.  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Autocall Payout Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the General Note Conditions, the General Instrument 
Conditions or the Payout Conditions. 
Any reference to a "date" in the Conditions shall be construed as a reference to a 
particular Valuation Date, Initial Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Initial Averaging 
Date or any other type of date that is defined in the Conditions (as the context may 
require), if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 214 ---
Payout Conditions 
215 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
The following conditions (the "Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Securities (unless otherwise 
specified in the Payout Conditions below), and to the extent provided in the Payout Conditions below, 
each sub-paragraph thereof shall apply where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
1.
Payouts 
1.1
Single Limb Payout 
This Payout Condition 1.1 applies where "Single Limb Payout" is specified to apply in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Unless the Securities are redeemed or exercised early, or are purchased and cancelled, in each 
case, in accordance with the Conditions, the Final Amount payable in respect of each Security 
shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion": 
(a)
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Participation Security" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × {PL + [P × Max (0;Perf − Strike)] }; or
"Participation FX Security" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × {PL + [P × Max (0;Perf − Strike) × FXR] }; or
"Delta-One Security" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Reference Price (Final)
Reference Price (Initial) ; or
"Delta-One Security (Performance)" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Perf; or
"Redemption Percentage" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Redemption Percentage; 
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (A) a Cap, the amount calculated in 
accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout Condition 1.1(a) shall 
not exceed the Cap, and/or (B) a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
applicable formula specified in this Payout Condition 1.1(a) shall not be less than the 
Floor; or 
(b)
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to the amount resulting 
from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount calculated in accordance 
with the applicable Payout Condition 1.1(a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) from the Calculation 
Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency Conversion Rate in respect of 
the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
1.2
Multiple Limb Payout 
This Payout Condition 1.2 applies where "Multiple Limb Payout" is specified to apply in the 
relevant Issue Terms. If "Trigger Event" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Payout Condition 1.2(a) and each reference to "Trigger Event" in Payout 
Conditions 1.2(b) and 1.2(c) shall be deemed to be deleted and shall not apply in respect of the 
relevant Securities.

--- Page 215 ---
Payout Conditions 
216 
Unless the Securities are redeemed or exercised early, or are purchased and cancelled, in each 
case, in accordance with the Conditions, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger Event" to be applicable and a Trigger Event 
has not occurred (and regardless of whether a Barrier Event has occurred or not), the 
Final Amount payable in respect of each Security shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Currency Conversion": 
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Trigger Payout 1" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Trigger Percentage; or
"Trigger Payout 2" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Trigger Perf
"Trigger Payout 3" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × ൬Base Amount + ൤Annual Rate × N
365൨൰
Where: 
"Annual Rate" means the value specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Base Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"N" means the number of calendar days falling in the period 
commencing on, and including, the Autocall Observation Period 
Start Date and ending on, but excluding, the Final Reference Date 
(prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset(s)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, N shall be equal to zero in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date falling on the Autocall Observation 
Period Start Date,  
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (1) a Trigger Cap, the amount 
calculated in accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout 
Condition 1.2(a) (if applicable) shall not exceed the Trigger Cap, and/or (2) a 
Trigger Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the applicable 
formula specified in this Payout Condition 1.2(a) (if applicable) shall not be 
less than the Trigger Floor; 
"Trigger Payout 4" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × [PL + P × Max (Perf - Strike;0)]
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to the amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 1.2(a)(i)(A) or (B) from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date; or 
(b)
if a Barrier Event has not occurred (and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger 
Event" to be applicable, a Trigger Event has occurred) or, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Star Event" to be applicable, a Star Event has occurred, the Final Amount

--- Page 216 ---
Payout Conditions 
217 
payable in respect of each Security shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Currency Conversion":  
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Payout 1" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Redemption Percentage; or
"Payout 2" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Perf; or
"Payout 3" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × ቂPL + P ×Max ቀ
RP (Call)
RP (Initial) −Strike;0ቁ + PP ×Max ቀStrike 
−
RP (Put)
RP (Initial) ; 0ቁቃ;or"  
"Payout 4" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Max (PL + Bonus;Perf ); or
"Payout 5" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × [PL + Bonus + Max (Perf – Strike;0 ) × FXR]; or
"Payout 6" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × [PL + P × Max (Perf - Strike;0)]; or
"Payout 7" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × [PL + P × Max (Perf – Strike;0 ) × FXR]; or
"Payout 8" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × {Bonus + [P × Max (Perf − Bonus;0)]}; or
"Payout 9" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × {PL + P ×Min [Booster Cap;Max (Perf – Strike;0)] + Max (Perf – Strike – P × PP;0)}
"Payout 10" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × {PL + P ×Min [Booster Cap;Max (Perf – Strike;0)] + Max (Perf – Strike – P × PP;0) × FXR}
"Payout 11" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Max (Strike −Perf;0)
"Payout 12" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Max[0; (ܲ݁ݎ݂−ܵݐݎ݅݇݁)]
"Payout 13" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × [ܲܮ+ (ܲ݁ݎ݂−ܵݐݎ݅݇݁)]
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (1) a Cap, the amount 
calculated in accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout 
Condition 1.2(b) shall not exceed the Cap, and/or (2) a Floor, the amount

--- Page 217 ---
Payout Conditions 
218 
calculated in accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout 
Condition 1.2(b) shall not be less than the Floor; or 
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to the amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with the applicable formula in Payout Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(A) to (J) from the Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency 
at the Currency Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion 
Valuation Date; or 
(c)
if a Barrier Event has occurred (and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger Event" 
to be applicable, a Trigger Event has occurred, and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Star Event" to be applicable, a Star Event has not occurred), and: 
if "Downside Cash Settlement" is specified to apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then Cash Settlement shall apply and the Final Amount payable in 
respect of each Security shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency 
Conversion": 
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify: 
(1)
"Single Asset", "Worst of Basket" or "Best of Basket" to be 
applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value ; or
(2)
"Single Asset and Final Asset FX", "Worst of Basket and 
Final Asset FX" or "Best of Basket and Final Asset FX" to 
be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value  × Final Asset FX; or
(3)
"Minimum Percentage" to be applicable, the following 
formula: 
CA × Minimum Percentage
(4)
"Weighted Basket" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁; or
(5)
"Buffered Downside" to be applicable, the following 
formula: 
CA × ൬Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value  + Buffer Level൰; or
(6)
"Basket Buffered Downside" to be applicable, the following 
formula: 
CA × (Basket Performance + Buffer Level); or
(7)
"Single Asset and Booster", "Worst of Basket and Booster" 
or "Best of Basket and Booster" to be applicable, the 
following formula: 
CA × ൤Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value  + P × Max (Perf − Strike;0)൨; or

--- Page 218 ---
Payout Conditions 
219 
(8)
"Single Asset and Booster and FXR" or "Worst of Basket 
and Booster and FXR" or "Best of Basket and Booster and 
FXR" to be applicable, the following formula: 
CA × ൤Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value  + P × Max (Perf 
− Strike;0) × FXR൨
(9)
"Single Asset and Downside Put", "Worst of Basket and 
Downside Put", "Best of Basket and Downside Put" to be 
applicable, the following formula: 
CA × ൬Strike −Final Reference Value
Initial Reference Value൰
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (a) a Downside Cap, 
the amount calculated in accordance with the applicable formula 
specified in this Payout Condition 1.2(c) shall not exceed the 
Downside Cap, and/or (b) a Downside Floor, the amount calculated 
in accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout 
Condition 1.2(c) shall not be less than the Downside Floor. 
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to the 
amount resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of 
the amount calculated in accordance with the applicable formula in 
Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A)(1), (2) or (3) from the Calculation 
Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency Conversion 
Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date; or 
if "Downside Physical Settlement" is specified to apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then General Note Condition [14] (Physical Settlement) and General 
Instrument Condition 9(e) (Physical Settlement) shall apply and the Issuer 
shall transfer or procure the transfer on the Physical Settlement Date of the 
Deliverable Assets to each Holder and shall also pay the Fractional Cash 
Amount to each Holder in respect of each Security held (following payment 
by the Holder to or to the order of the Issuer on or before the Physical 
Settlement Date of any Delivery Expenses, if applicable). 
1.3
Warrants Payout 
This Payout Condition 1.3 applies where "Warrants Payout" is specified to apply in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
Unless the Warrants are exercised early, are adjusted, or are purchased and cancelled, in each 
case in accordance with the Conditions, the Settlement Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
in respect of each Warrant shall be if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion": 
(a)
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Ratio Call" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0;RP (Final) − Strike); or 
"Ratio Put" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0; Strike −RP (Final)); or 
"Nominal Call" to be applicable, the following formula: 
NA × P × Max (0;Perf − Strike) × FXR; or

--- Page 219 ---
Payout Conditions 
220 
"Nominal Put" to be applicable, the following formula: 
NA × P × Max (0;Strike − Perf) ×FXR
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (a) a Cap, the amount calculated in 
accordance with the applicable formula specified in this Payout Condition 1.3(a) shall 
not exceed the Cap, and/or (b) a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
applicable formula specified in this Payout Condition 1.3(a) shall not be less than the 
Floor; or 
(b)
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to the amount resulting 
from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount calculated in accordance 
with the applicable Payout Condition 1.3(a)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) from the Calculation 
Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency Conversion Rate in respect of 
the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
1.4
Mini Futures Payout 
This Payout Condition 1.4 applies where "Mini Futures Payout" is specified to apply in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Unless the Securities are redeemed or exercised early, or are purchased and cancelled, in each 
case, in accordance with the Conditions, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Strike Adjustment" to be applicable and if a Stop 
Loss Event has not occurred, the Final Amount payable in respect of each Security 
shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion":  
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"Mini Futures Long" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0;RP (Final) − Current Strike); or 
(B)
"Mini Futures Short" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0; Current Strike −RP (Final))
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to an amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 1.1(a)(i)(A) or (B) from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Strike Adjustment Adjustment" to be applicable 
and if a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Final Amount payable in respect of each 
Security shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion":  
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Mini Futures Long" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0;Stop Loss Reference Price − Current Strike); or 
"Mini Futures Short" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0; Current Strike −Stop Loss Reference Price)
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to an amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 1.4(b)(i)(A) or (B) from the

--- Page 220 ---
Payout Conditions 
221 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Strike Adjustment" to be not applicable and if a 
Stop Loss Event has not occurred, the Final Amount payable in respect of each Security 
shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion":  
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Mini Futures Long" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0;RP (Final) − Strike); or 
"Mini Futures Short" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0; Strike −RP (Final))
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to an amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 1.1(a)(i)(A) or (B) from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Strike Adjustment" to be not applicable and if a 
Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Final Amount payable in respect of each Security 
shall be, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Currency Conversion":  
to be not applicable, an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Mini Futures Long" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0;Stop Loss Reference Price − Strike); or 
"Mini Futures Short" to be applicable, the following formula: 
Ratio × Max (0; Strike −Stop Loss Reference Price)
to be applicable, an amount in the Converted Currency equal to an amount 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 1.4(b)(i)(A) or (B) from the 
Calculation Currency into the Converted Currency at the Currency 
Conversion Rate in respect of the Currency Conversion Valuation Date. 
2.
Barrier Event Conditions 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multiple Limb Payout" to be applicable, this Payout 
Condition 2 shall apply for the purposes of determining a "Barrier Event": 
"Asset Basket" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Asset Intraday Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Barrier Asset Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Barrier Asset Price
Asset Initial Price

--- Page 221 ---
Payout Conditions 
222 
"Barrier Asset Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset: (a) if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Barrier Closing Price", the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset, or (b) if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Barrier Average Price", the Final Average Price of the Underlying 
Asset. 
"Barrier Best Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset with the highest Barrier Asset 
Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying 
Assets have the same highest Barrier Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying Assets shall be the 
Barrier Best Performing Asset, and such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the 
Barrier Best Performing Asset. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to occur if) either (x) if "Lock-In 
Event Condition" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Condition 
specified in paragraph (a) is satisfied, or (y) if "Lock-In Event Condition" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each of the Conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) are satisfied: 
(a)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify as applicable: 
"Barrier Reference Value less than or equal to the Barrier Level", the Barrier 
Reference Value is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than or equal to the Barrier Level", the 
Barrier Reference Value is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level; or  
"Barrier Reference Value less than the Barrier Level", the Barrier Reference 
Value is less than the Barrier Level; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than the Barrier Level", the Barrier 
Reference Value is greater than the Barrier Level; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than or equal to the Barrier Level 1 or less 
than or equal to the Barrier Level 2", the Barrier Reference Value is either (A) 
greater than or equal to the Barrier Level 1 or (B) less than or equal to the 
Barrier Level 2; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than or equal to the Barrier Level 1 or less 
than the Barrier Level 2", the Barrier Reference Value is either (A) greater 
than or equal to the Barrier Level 1 or (B) less than the Barrier Level 2; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than the Barrier Level 1 or less than or equal 
to the Barrier Level 2", the Barrier Reference Value is either (A) greater than 
the Barrier Level 1 or (B) less than or equal to the Barrier Level 2; or 
"Barrier Reference Value greater than the Barrier Level 1 or less than the 
Barrier Level 2", the Barrier Reference Value is either (A) greater than the 
Barrier Level 1 or (B) less than the Barrier Level 2; and 
(b)
if "Lock-In Event Condition" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
no Lock-In Event has occurred. 
"Barrier Level" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Barrier Reference Value to be: 
(a)
"Barrier Closing Price", "Barrier Average Price" or "Barrier Intraday Price", in respect 
of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage value of the Asset Initial 
Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both); or  
(b)
"Barrier Worst Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue

--- Page 222 ---
Payout Conditions 
223 
Terms as the "Barrier Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a percentage 
value of the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue  
Terms as the "Barrier Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset (or both); or  
(c)
"Barrier Best Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier Best 
Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a percentage 
value of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset (or both); or  
(d)
"Barrier Basket Value", or "Barrier Basket Dispersion Value", in respect of an Asset 
Basket, the value (which may be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level"; or 
(e)
"Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which may 
be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level"; or 
(f)
"Barrier Worst Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the 
Barrier Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset; or 
(g)
"Barrier Best Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Best Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be expressed as a 
percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level" 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"Barrier Level 1" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Barrier Reference Value to be: 
(a)
"Barrier Closing Price", "Barrier Average Price" or "Barrier Intraday Price", in respect 
of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier 
Level 1" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage value of the Asset 
Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 1" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both); or 
(b)
"Barrier Worst Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level 1" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage value of the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 1" corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(or both); or 
(c)
"Barrier Best Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier Best 
Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level 1" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage value of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 1" corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(or both); or 
(d)
"Barrier Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 1"; or 
(e)
"Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which may 
be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 1; or 
(f)
"Barrier Worst Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the 
Barrier Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 1" corresponding to such Underlying Asset; or

--- Page 223 ---
Payout Conditions 
224 
(g)
"Barrier Best Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Best Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be expressed as a 
percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 1" 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset.  
"Barrier Level 2" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Barrier Reference Value to be: 
(a)
"Barrier Closing Price", "Barrier Average Price" or "Barrier Intraday Price", in respect 
of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier 
Level 2" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage value of the Asset 
Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 2" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both); or 
(b)
"Barrier Worst Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level 2" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage value of the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 2" corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(or both); or 
(c)
"Barrier Best Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier Best 
Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Barrier Level 2" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a 
percentage value of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 2" corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(or both); or 
(d)
"Barrier Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 2"; or 
(e)
"Barrier Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which may 
be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 2"; or 
(f)
"Barrier Worst Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the 
Barrier Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Barrier Level 2" corresponding to such Underlying Asset; or 
(g)
"Barrier Best Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Barrier 
Best Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be expressed as a 
percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Barrier Level 2" 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset.  
"Barrier Observation Period" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", the period 
commencing on the Barrier Observation Period Start Date in respect of such 
Underlying Asset, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Barrier Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) and ending on the immediately following Barrier Observation Period End Date 
for such Underlying Asset, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Barrier Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms); or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", the period 
commencing on the Barrier Observation Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment of 
such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the

--- Page 224 ---
Payout Conditions 
225 
Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date for such Underlying Asset, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and ending 
on the immediately following Barrier Observation Period End Date for such 
Underlying Asset, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Barrier Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), 
and in each case, where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, there shall be a separate Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the last day of the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of such Underlying Asset, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Barrier Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of such Underlying Asset, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Barrier Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reference Value" has the meaning determined in accordance with the following 
paragraphs: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Barrier Observation Period" to be applicable, and: 
if "Barrier Closing Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset 
on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the relevant 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Barrier Reference 
Value" means the Reference Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the 
Barrier Observation Period for such Underlying Asset; or 
if "Barrier Intraday Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and:  
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset other than a 
Commodity, "Barrier Reference Value" means the Asset Intraday 
Price of the Underlying Asset at any time on any Observation Date 
(intra-day valuation) during the Barrier Observation Period; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket other than a 
Commodity Basket, "Barrier Reference Value" means the Asset 
Intraday Price of any Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket at any 
time on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the Barrier 
Observation Period for such Underlying Asset; or 
where the Securities relate to a single Commodity, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Commodity Price of the Commodity at 
any time during the Observation Hours on any Observation Date 
(intra-day valuation) during the Barrier Observation Period; or 
where the Securities relate to a Commodity Basket, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Commodity Price of any Commodity in 
the Commodity Basket at any time during the Observation Hours for

--- Page 225 ---
Payout Conditions 
226 
such Commodity on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) 
during the Barrier Observation Period for such Commodity; or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Barrier Observation Period" to be 
applicable, and: 
if "Barrier Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Underlying 
Asset; or  
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Barrier Reference 
Value" means the Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket; or 
if "Barrier Worst Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Barrier Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Barrier Worst 
Performing Asset; or 
if "Barrier Best Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Barrier Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Barrier Best 
Performing Asset; or 
if "Barrier Average Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Final Average Price of the Underlying 
Asset; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Barrier Reference 
Value" means the Final Average Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket; or 
if "Barrier Basket Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the sum of the weighted performance of each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, which is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
෍Weight (i) × 
n
i=1
Barrier Asset Price (i)
Asset Initial Price (i)
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"Barrier Asset Price (i) " means the Barrier Asset Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i);  
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as such in respect of an Underlying 
Asset (i) in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
if "Barrier Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Barrier 
Reference Value" means the Barrier Asset Performance of the 
Underlying Asset; or

--- Page 226 ---
Payout Conditions 
227 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Barrier Reference 
Value" means the Barrier Asset Performance of any Underlying 
Asset in the Asset Basket; or 
if "Barrier Worst Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Barrier Reference Value" means the Barrier Asset Performance of the Barrier 
Worst Performing Asset; or 
if "Barrier Best Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Barrier Reference Value" means the Barrier Asset Performance of the Barrier 
Best Performing Asset; or 
if "Barrier Basket Dispersion Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Barrier Reference Value" means the Basket Dispersion (Final). 
"Barrier Worst Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset with the lowest Barrier Asset 
Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying 
Assets have the same lowest Barrier Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying Assets shall be the 
Barrier Worst Performing Asset, and such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the 
Barrier Worst Performing Asset. 
"Commodity Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Final Average Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Final Closing Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Final Reference Date" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Lock-In Event" means (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify as applicable: 
(a)
"Lock-In Reference Value less than or equal to the Lock-In Level", the Lock-In 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset on a Lock-In Observation Date is less than 
or equal to its Lock-In Level; or 
(b)
"Lock-In Reference Value greater than or equal to the Lock-In Level", the Lock-In 
Reference Value of each Underlying Asset on a Lock-In Observation Date is greater 
than or equal to its Lock-In Level; or 
(c)
"Lock-In Reference Value less than the Lock-In Level", the Lock-In Reference Value 
of each Underlying Asset on a Lock-In Observation Date is less than its Lock-In Level; 
or 
(d)
"Lock-In Reference Value greater than the Lock-In Level", the Lock-In Reference 
Value of each Underlying Asset on a Lock-In Observation Date is greater than its Lock-
In Level. 
"Lock-In Level" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Lock-In Reference Value to be: 
(a)
"Lock-In Closing Price", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Lock-In Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or 
a percentage value of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the "Lock-In Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or 
both); or  
(b)
"Lock-In Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or a decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Lock-In Level". 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:

--- Page 227 ---
Payout Conditions 
228 
(a)
a Share, an Index or an FX Rate, each Valuation Date specified to be a "Lock-In 
Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b)
a Commodity, each Pricing Date specified to be a "Lock-In Observation Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Reference Value" has the meaning determined in accordance with the following 
paragraphs: 
(a)
if "Lock-In Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Lock-In Reference 
Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset and a Lock-In Observation Date, the 
Reference Price of the Underlying Asset on such Lock-In Observation Date; or 
(b)
if "Lock-In Basket Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Lock-In Reference 
Value" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date, the sum of the weighted 
performance of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, which is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍Weight (i) × Lock-In Reference Price (i)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset (i), the Asset Initial 
Price of such Underlying Asset (i); 
"Lock-In Reference Price (i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset (i) and a 
Lock-In Observation Date, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset (i) on such 
Lock-In Observation Date;  
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket;  
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as such in respect of an Underlying Asset (i) 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6.  
"Observation Hours" has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Star Event" means (and a Star Event shall be deemed to occur if):  
(a)
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset and where (i) the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset is greater than or equal to 
the Star Level", the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset is greater than or equal 
to the Star Level or (ii) the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset is greater than the Star Level", the Final Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset is greater than the Star Level; or 
(b)
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket and where (i) the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket is greater 
than or equal to the Star Level", the Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket is greater than or equal to the Star Level or (ii)  the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket is greater 
than the Star Level", the Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the Asset 
Basket is greater than the Star Level. 
"Star Event Best Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset with the best Star Event 
Asset Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more

--- Page 228 ---
Payout Conditions 
229 
Underlying Assets have the same best Star Event Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying Assets shall be the 
Star Event Best Performing Asset, and such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed 
the Star Event Best Performing Asset. 
"Star Event Asset Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: Final Closing Price / Asset Initial Price. 
"Star Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the "Star Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage value 
of the Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Star Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both). 
3.
Trigger Event Conditions 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger Event" to be applicable, this Payout Condition 3 
shall apply for the purposes of determining a "Trigger Event": 
"Asset Basket" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Asset Intraday Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Commodity Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Final Average Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Final Closing Price" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Final Reference Date" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" has the meaning given in Payout Condition 6. 
"Observation Hours" has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Trigger Asset Comparative Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Trigger Asset Comparative Price
Asset Initial Price
"Trigger Asset Comparative Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the Reference 
Price of such Underlying Asset on the Trigger Asset Comparative Price Observation Date." 
"Trigger Asset Comparative Price Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset, the Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Asset Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Trigger Asset Price
Asset Initial Price
"Trigger Asset Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset: (a) if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Trigger Closing Price", the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset, or (b) if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger Average Price", the Final Average Price of the 
Underlying Asset. 
"Trigger Best Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset with the highest Trigger Asset 
Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying

--- Page 229 ---
Payout Conditions 
230 
Assets have the same highest Trigger Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying Assets shall be the 
Trigger Best Performing Asset, and such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the 
Trigger Best Performing Asset. 
"Trigger Event" means (and a Trigger Event shall be deemed to occur if) either (x) if "Trigger 
Lock-In Event Condition" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Lock-In 
Event has not occurred, or (y) if "Trigger Lock-In Event Condition" is specified to be not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, where the relevant Issue Terms specify as applicable: 
(a)
"Trigger Reference Value less than or equal to the Trigger Level", the Trigger 
Reference Value is less than or equal to the Trigger Level; or 
(b)
"Trigger Reference Value greater than or equal to the Trigger Level", the Trigger 
Reference Value is greater than or equal to the Trigger Level; or  
(c)
"Trigger Reference Value less than the Trigger Level", the Trigger Reference Value is 
less than the Trigger Level; or 
(d)
"Trigger Reference Value greater than the Trigger Level", the Trigger Reference Value 
is greater than the Trigger Level. 
"Trigger Level" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Trigger Reference Value to be: 
(a)
"Trigger Closing Price", "Trigger Average Price" or "Trigger Intraday Price", in 
respect of an Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Trigger Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset, or a percentage value of the 
Asset Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Trigger Level" corresponding to the Underlying Asset (or both); or 
(b)
"Trigger Worst Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Trigger 
Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Trigger Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a percentage 
value of the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Trigger Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset (or both); or  
(c)
"Trigger Best Closing Price", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the Trigger Best 
Performing Asset on any relevant date, the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Trigger Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, or a percentage 
value of the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the "Trigger Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset (or both); or 
(d)
"Trigger Basket Value", in respect of an Asset Basket, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Trigger Level"; or  
(e)
"Trigger Asset Performance", in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which may 
be expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Trigger Level", provided that if "Trigger Level Comparative Method" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, the Trigger Level shall be the greater of (i) the Trigger 
Asset Comparative Performance of such Underlying Asset and (ii) the Trigger Level 
Floor; or 
(f)
"Trigger Worst Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the 
Trigger Worst Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
"Trigger Level" corresponding to such Underlying Asset, provided that if "Trigger 
Level Comparative Method" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Trigger 
Level shall be the greater of (i) the Trigger Asset Comparative Performance of such 
Underlying Asset and (ii) the Trigger Level Floor; or

--- Page 230 ---
Payout Conditions 
231 
(g)
"Trigger Best Asset Performance", in respect of the Underlying Asset that is the 
Trigger Best Performing Asset on any relevant date, the value (which may be expressed 
as a percentage or decimal) specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Trigger Level" 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset provided that if "Trigger Level Comparative 
Method" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Trigger Level shall be the 
greater of (i) the Trigger Asset Comparative Performance of such Underlying Asset 
and (ii) the Trigger Level Floor." 
"Trigger Level Floor" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the value (which may be 
expressed as a percentage or decimal) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"Trigger Observation Period" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of an Underlying 
Asset: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", the period 
commencing on the Trigger Observation Period Start Date in respect of such 
Underlying Asset, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Trigger Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) and ending on the immediately following Trigger Observation Period End Date 
for such Underlying Asset, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Trigger Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms); or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", the period 
commencing on the Trigger Observation Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment of 
such date pursuant to the relevant Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the 
Underlying Asset (and including or excluding such Trigger Observation Period Start 
Date for such Underlying Asset, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and ending 
on the immediately following Trigger Observation Period End Date for such 
Underlying Asset, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the relevant 
Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to the Underlying Asset (and including or 
excluding such Trigger Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), 
and in each case, where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, there shall be a separate Trigger 
Observation Period in respect of each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket. 
"Trigger Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the last day of the Trigger 
Observation Period in respect of such Underlying Asset, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Trigger Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the Trigger 
Observation Period in respect of such Underlying Asset, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Trigger Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Reference Value" has the meaning determined in accordance with the following 
paragraphs: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trigger Observation Period" to be applicable, and: 
if "Trigger Closing Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset 
on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the relevant 
Trigger Observation Period; or

--- Page 231 ---
Payout Conditions 
232 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Trigger Reference 
Value" means the Reference Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket on any Observation Date (closing valuation) during the 
Trigger Observation Period for such Underlying Asset; or 
if "Trigger Intraday Price" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset other than a 
Commodity, "Trigger Reference Value" means the Asset Intraday 
Price of the Underlying Asset at any time on any Observation Date 
(intra-day valuation) during the Trigger Observation Period; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket other than a 
Commodity Basket, "Trigger Reference Value" means the Asset 
Intraday Price of any Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket at any 
time on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) during the 
Trigger Observation Period for such Underlying Asset; or 
where the Securities relate to a single Commodity, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Commodity Price of the Commodity at 
any time during the Observation Hours on any Observation Date 
(intra-day valuation) during the Trigger Observation Period; or 
where the Securities relate to a Commodity Basket, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Commodity Price of any Commodity in 
the Commodity Basket at any time during the Observation Hours for 
such Commodity on any Observation Date (intra-day valuation) 
during the relevant Trigger Observation Period for such Commodity; 
or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Trigger Observation Period" to be 
applicable, and: 
if "Trigger Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Underlying 
Asset; or  
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Trigger Reference 
Value" means the Final Closing Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket; or 
if "Trigger Worst Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Trigger Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Trigger Worst 
Performing Asset; or 
if "Trigger Best Closing Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Trigger Reference Value" means the Final Closing Price of the Trigger Best 
Performing Asset; or 
if "Trigger Average Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Final Average Price of the Underlying 
Asset; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Trigger Reference 
Value" means the Final Average Price of any Underlying Asset in the 
Asset Basket; or

--- Page 232 ---
Payout Conditions 
233 
if "Trigger Basket Value" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the sum of the weighted performance of each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, which is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula:  
෍Weight (i) × Trigger Asset Price (i)
Asset Initial Price (i)
n
i=1
Where: 
"Asset Initial Price (i)" means the Asset Initial Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket; 
"Trigger Asset Price (i)" means the Trigger Asset Price of each Underlying 
Asset (i); 
"Underlying Asset (i)" means each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket; and 
"Weight (i)" means the amount specified as such in respect of an Underlying 
Asset (i) in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
if "Trigger Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
where the Securities relate to a single Underlying Asset, "Trigger 
Reference Value" means the Trigger Asset Performance of the 
Underlying Asset; or 
where the Securities relate to an Asset Basket, "Trigger Reference 
Value" means the Trigger Asset Performance of any Underlying 
Asset in the Asset Basket; or 
if "Trigger Worst Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Trigger Reference Value" means the Trigger Asset Performance of the 
Trigger Worst Performing Asset; or 
if "Trigger Best Asset Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"Trigger Reference Value" means the Trigger Asset Performance of the 
Trigger Best Performing Asset.  
"Trigger Worst Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset with the lowest Trigger Asset 
Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two or more Underlying 
Assets have the same lowest Trigger Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such Underlying Assets shall be the 
Trigger Worst Performing Asset, and such Underlying Asset as so selected shall be deemed the 
Trigger Worst Performing Asset. 
4.
Stop Loss Event Conditions 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Mini Futures Payout" to be applicable, this Payout 
Condition 4 shall apply for the purposes of determining a "Stop Loss Event": 
"Stop Loss Event" means where the relevant Issue Terms specify as applicable: 
"Stop Loss Reference Value less than or equal to the Stop Loss Level", the 
Stop Loss Reference Value is less than or equal to the Stop Loss Level during 
the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
"Stop Loss Reference Value greater than or equal to the Stop Loss Level", the 
Stop Loss Reference Value is greater than or equal to the Stop Loss Level 
during the Stop Loss Observation Period; or

--- Page 233 ---
Payout Conditions 
234 
"Stop Loss Reference Value less than the Stop Loss Level", the Stop Loss 
Reference Value is less than the Stop Loss Level during the Stop Loss 
Observation Period; or 
"Stop Loss Reference Value greater than the Stop Loss Level", the Stop Loss 
Reference Value is greater than the Stop Loss Level during the Stop Loss 
Observation Period. 
"Stop Loss Reference Value less than or equal to the Current Stop Loss Level 
", the Stop Loss Reference Value is less than or equal to the Current Stop Loss 
Level during the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
"Stop Loss Reference Value greater than or equal to the Current Stop Loss 
Level ", the Stop Loss Reference Value is greater than or equal to the Current 
Stop Loss Level during the Stop Loss Observation Period; or  
"Stop Loss Reference Value less than the Current Stop Loss Level ", the Stop 
Loss Reference Value is less than the Current Stop Loss Level during the Stop 
Loss Observation Period; or 
"Stop Loss Reference Value greater than the Current Stop Loss Level ", the 
Stop Loss Reference Value is greater than the Current Stop Loss Level during 
the Stop Loss Observation Period. 
"Stop Loss Event Date" is the date on which the Stop Loss Event has occurred. 
"Stop Loss Level Adjustment Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Level" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. In the case that "Stop 
Loss Level Adjustment" is specified to be applicable pursuant to the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Stop Loss Level will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent on each Stop Loss Level Adjustment 
Date in the same manner as the Strike. The Stop Loss Level so adjusted shall constitute the new 
Stop Loss Level (the "Current Stop Loss Level"). 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" is the period commenting on the Stop Loss Observation 
Period Start Date (including) to the Stop Loss Observation Period End Date (including). 
"Stop Loss Observation Period End Date" is the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Observation Period Start Date" is the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Reference Price" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Reference Value" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
5.
Indicative Amounts 
If the relevant Issue Terms provide that the Securities are being offered to the public in 
circumstances requiring the prior publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the relevant Issue Terms may specify an indicative amount, an indicative minimum 
amount, or an indicative maximum amount, or any combination of the foregoing, as applicable, 
in relation to any Specified Product Value which is not fixed or determined at the 
commencement of the Offer Period. If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, references in 
the Conditions to such Specified Product Value shall be construed as the amount, level, 
percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) determined based on market conditions by the 
Calculation Agent on or after the relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and is 
expected to be the indicative amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms (if so specified) but 
may be different from such indicative amount, and:

--- Page 234 ---
Payout Conditions 
235 
(a)
if an indicative minimum amount is provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified 
Product Value will not be less than (or equal to) such indicative minimum amount; or 
(b)
if an indicative maximum amount is provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified 
Product Value will not be more than (or equal to) such indicative maximum amount; 
or 
(c)
if both an indicative minimum amount and indicative maximum amount is provided in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Product Value will not be less than (or equal 
to) such indicative minimum amount and will not be more than (or equal to) such 
indicative maximum amount. 
Notice of the relevant Specified Product Value will be published prior to, or on or around, the 
Issue Date and the relevant amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value specified in such 
notice will be deemed to be the Specified Product Value. 
For these purposes, "Specified Product Value" means any amount, level, percentage, price, 
rate or value which is specified in the Conditions as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or 
value (as applicable) to be provided in the relevant Issue Terms (or phrases of similar import). 
6.
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions 
In these Payout Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms 
shall have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Absolute Asset Performance (t)" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
ܯܽݔ൜൤൬
ܴܲ(ݐ)
ܴܲ(ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ)൰−ܤܲ(ݐ)൨; ൤ܤܲ(ݐ) −൬
ܴܲ(ݐ)
ܴܲ(ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ)൰൨ൠ
"Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, 
any of the following as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Final Reference 
Date for such Underlying Asset, (ii) the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final 
Reference Date for such Underlying Asset, (iii) the Latest Determination Date in 
respect of the Final Reference Date for such Underlying Asset (iv), the Last Averaging 
Date for such Underlying Asset, (v) the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Last 
Averaging Date for such Underlying Asset, (vi) the Latest Determination Date in 
respect of the Last Averaging Date for the Underlying Asset, (vii) the Final Pricing 
Date for such Underlying Asset, (viii) the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Final 
Pricing Date for such Underlying Asset, in each case, after all adjustments, if any, 
pursuant to the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions applicable to such Underlying 
Asset and the Payout Conditions, as applicable.  
"Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, 
any of the following as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Initial Reference 
Date for such Underlying Asset, (ii) the Latest Reference Date in respect of the Initial 
Reference Date for such Underlying Asset, (iii) the Latest Determination Date in 
respect of the Initial Reference Date for such Underlying Asset, (iv) the Last Initial 
Averaging Date for such Underlying Asset, (v) the Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the Last Initial Averaging Date for such Underlying Asset, (vi) the Latest 
Determination Date in respect of the Last Initial Averaging Date for the Underlying 
Asset, (vii) the Last Initial Pricing Date for such Underlying Asset, (viii) the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the Last Initial Pricing Date for such Underlying Asset, in 
each case, after all adjustments, if any, pursuant to the applicable Underlying Asset 
Conditions applicable to such Underlying Asset and the Payout Conditions, as 
applicable.

--- Page 235 ---
Payout Conditions 
236 
"Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date" means the Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date, 
or, if such date is not a Publication Fixing Day, the earlier to occur of (i) the next 
following Publication Fixing Day, and (ii) the FX Specified Day(s) following the 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date. 
"Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date" means the Adjusted Asset Initial Reference 
Date, or, if such date is not a Publication Fixing Day, the earlier to occur of (i) the next 
following Publication Fixing Day, and (ii) the FX Specified Day(s) following the 
Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date.  
"Adjusted Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Adjusted Share Price Applicable Date" has the meaning given in the Share Linked 
Conditions. 
"Aggregate Absolute Asset Performance (t)" or "AAAP(t)" means, in respect of any 
Valuation Date, the aggregate of the Absolute Asset Performance (t) on such Valuation 
Date for each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Asset Basket" or "Basket" means: 
a Share Basket; or 
an Index Basket; or 
a Commodity Basket; or 
an FX Rate Basket; or 
a Futures Contract; or  
a Fund Basket; or  
a Multi-Asset Basket, 
each, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Asset Currency" means, in respect of each Underlying Asset set forth in the column 
entitled "Underlying Asset" in the Asset FX Table, the currency specified as such in 
the column entitled "Asset Currency" in the Asset FX Table corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset.  
"Asset FX (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the relevant Asset FX 
Rate corresponding to the Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset on the Final FX 
Valuation Date for such Underlying Asset, provided that, if the Asset Currency of an 
Underlying Asset is the same as the Base Currency, the Asset FX (Final) in respect of 
such Underlying Asset shall be deemed to be one (1).  
"Asset FX (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the relevant Asset FX 
Rate corresponding to the Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset on the Initial FX 
Valuation Date for such Underlying Asset, and if specified in the relevant Issue  Terms, 
being the amount set forth in the Asset FX Table in the relevant Issue Terms in the 
column entitled "Asset FX (Initial)" in the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset, provided that, if the Asset Currency of an Underlying Asset is the same as the 
Base Currency, the Asset FX (Initial) in respect of such Underlying Asset shall be 
deemed to be one (1). 
"Asset FX" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset: 
if the Issue Terms specify "Non-Inverse Return", an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 236 ---
Payout Conditions 
237 
Asset FX (Final)
Asset FX (Initial)  ; or
if the Issue Terms specify "Inverse Return", an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Asset FX (Initial)
Asset FX (Final)  ; or
"Asset FX Fixing Price Sponsor" means, in respect of the Asset FX Rate 
corresponding to the Asset Currency of each Underlying Asset, the entity specified in 
the column entitled "Asset FX Fixing Price Sponsor" in the Asset FX Table 
corresponding to such Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset or, its successor or 
replacement, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that is responsible for setting the 
relevant Specified Rate for such Asset FX Rate. 
"Asset FX Price Source" means, in respect of the Asset FX Rate corresponding to the 
Asset Currency of each Underlying Asset, the price source(s) specified as such in the 
column entitled "Asset FX Price Source" in the Asset FX Table corresponding to such 
Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset or such other successor, alternative or 
replacement price source, display page, screen or publication for the relevant Base 
Currency/Asset Currency exchange rate as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Asset FX Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (a "Relevant Day") and the 
Asset Currency of an Underlying Asset, the Specified Rate of Base Currency/Asset 
Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of Asset Currency per unit of Base 
Currency, reported by the relevant Asset FX Fixing Price Sponsor on the relevant Asset 
FX Price Source at approximately the relevant Asset FX Valuation Time on the 
Relevant Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if such Specified 
Rate does not appear on the applicable Asset FX Price Source at or around the 
applicable Asset FX Valuation Time on such Relevant Day, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Asset FX Rate for such Relevant Day in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
"Asset FX Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Asset FX Valuation Time" means, in respect of the Asset FX Rate corresponding to 
the Asset Currency of each Underlying Asset, the time in the place specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms (or such other time when the relevant Base Currency/Asset 
Currency exchange rate is published, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Asset Initial Price" means in respect of an Underlying Asset, any of the following 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) Initial Closing Price 
of the Underlying Asset, (ii) Initial Average Price of the Underlying Asset, (iii) Initial 
Price of the Underlying Asset, (iv) the Entry Level of the Underlying Asset, or (v) the 
amount set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Asset Intraday Price" means, in respect of a time on any day and:  
an Index, the Index Level of the Index at such time on such day; or 
a Share, the Share Price of the Share at such time on such day. 
"Averaging Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions;  
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions.

--- Page 237 ---
Payout Conditions 
238 
"Averaging Reference Date" in respect of: 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions;  
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Base Currency" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Asset FX" to be 
applicable, in respect of each Underlying Asset set forth in the column entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Asset FX Table, the currency specified as such in the column 
entitled "Base Currency" in the Asset FX Table corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset. 
"Basket Dispersion (Final)" means the Basket Dispersion (t) in respect of the Final 
Reference Date. 
"Basket Dispersion (t)" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
AAAP(t)
BDNA
"Basket Performance" means the aggregate of the Weighted Performance of each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket. 
"Basket Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Basket Value" means the sum of the Weighted Performance (Basket Value) of each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying Asset with the highest 
Underlying Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two 
or more Underlying Assets have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such 
Underlying Assets shall be the Best Performing Underlying, and such Underlying 
Asset as so selected shall be deemed the Best Performing Underlying. 
"BDNA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bonus" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Booster Cap" means an amount or a percentage value specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"BP(t)" or "Basket Performance (t)" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the 
aggregate of the Weighted Underlying Performance (t) on such Valuation Date for each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Buffer Level" means an amount or percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" or "CA" has the meaning given in the General Note Conditions 
or the General Instrument Conditions (as applicable). 
"Calculation Currency" means any currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Cap" means an amount or percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Closing Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Closing Level" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 238 ---
Payout Conditions 
239 
"Closing Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Commodity Basket" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Commodity Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Conditions. 
"Converted Currency" means any currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Cross Currency" means any currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Currency Conversion Business Day(s)" means, in respect of the Currency 
Conversion Rate: 
each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with 
the practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centre 
of the Converted Currency, Calculation Currency and, if applicable, Cross 
Currency; and 
to the extent that the Converted Currency, Calculation Currency and, if 
applicable, Cross Currency is euro, a day that is also a TARGET Settlement 
Day, 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default Currency Conversion Business 
Day for euro" to be applicable, in which case paragraph (ii) shall not apply. 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Conditions; 
"Currency Conversion Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (a "Relevant 
Date"), if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Currency Conversion Derived Rate" to be not applicable, the Specified Rate 
of the Converted Currency/Calculation Currency exchange rate, expressed as 
an amount of the Calculation Currency per unit of the Converted Currency, as 
reported or published by the Currency Fixing Price Sponsor on the Currency 
Price Source at approximately the Currency Valuation Time on the Relevant 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if (1) such 
Specified Rate does not appear on the applicable Currency Price Source at or 
around the applicable Currency Valuation Time on such Relevant Date, and/or 
(2) if Currency Conversion Disruption Event is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be applicable to the Currency Conversion Rate, a Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing in respect of the 
Converted Currency/Calculation Currency exchange rate on such Relevant 
Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Currency Conversion Rate for 
such Relevant Date in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
or 
"Currency Conversion Derived Rate" to be applicable, the Converted 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the 
Calculation Currency per unit of the Converted Currency, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to: 
the Specified Rate of the Cross Currency/Calculation Currency 
exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Cross Currency per unit 
of the Calculation Currency, as reported or published by the 
applicable Currency Fixing Price Sponsor on the applicable Currency 
Price Source at approximately the applicable Currency Valuation 
Time on the Relevant Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or

--- Page 239 ---
Payout Conditions 
240 
the Specified Rate of the Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Cross Currency per unit 
of the Converted Currency, as reported or published by the applicable 
Currency Fixing Price Sponsor on the applicable Currency Price 
Source at approximately the Currency Valuation Time on the 
Relevant Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that, in each case, if (1) the Specified Rate of the Cross 
Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate 
or 
the 
Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate does not appear on the 
applicable Currency Price Source at or around the applicable Currency 
Valuation Time on such Relevant Date and/or (2) if Currency Conversion 
Disruption Event is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to 
the Currency Conversion Rate, a Currency Conversion Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing in respect of the Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency exchange rate or the Cross Currency/Converted Currency exchange 
rate on such Relevant Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Currency 
Conversion Rate for such Relevant Date in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Currency Conversion Valuation Date" means any of the following as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date, or (ii) the Final FX 
Valuation Date, or (iii) such number of Currency Conversion Business Day(s) or 
calendar days specified in the relevant Issue Terms immediately following the 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date, Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date or any other 
date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (iv) such number of Currency Conversion 
Business Day(s), Business Day(s) or calendar days as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms immediately preceding the Maturity Date or any other date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or (v) any other date specified as the "Currency Conversion 
Valuation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms, and, in each case, if "Publication Fixing 
Day Adjustment" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if such day 
falls on a day that is not a day on which the relevant Currency Fixing Price Sponsor 
publishes each exchange rate used to determine the Currency Conversion Rate, the 
immediately following day on which the relevant Currency Fixing Price Sponsor 
publishes each exchange rate used to determine the Currency Conversion Rate. 
"Currency Fixing Price Sponsor" means, in respect of any exchange rate used to 
determine the Currency Conversion Rate, the entity specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, its successor or replacement, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
that is responsible for setting the relevant Specified Rate for such exchange rate. 
"Currency Price" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Price Source" means, in respect of any exchange rate used to determine 
the Currency Conversion Rate, the price source(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or such other successor, alternative or replacement price source, display 
page, screen or publication for the relevant exchange rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Currency Valuation Time" means, in respect of any exchange rate used to determine 
the Currency Conversion Rate, the time in the place specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or such other time when the relevant exchange rate is published, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Derived Exchange Rate" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, if applicable, in respect of an ex-dividend 
date, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the sum of the gross 
cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant 
Underlying (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each index constituent) related to

--- Page 240 ---
Payout Conditions 
241 
such ex-dividend date multiplied by (ii) the dividend percentage as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms ("Dividend Percentage"). 
"Downside Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Downside Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Deliverable Assets" means, in respect of each Security, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
"Single Asset" to be applicable and: 
a number of whole units of the Underlying Asset is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be the Deliverable Assets, such number of 
units of the Underlying Asset; or 
otherwise, a number of whole units of the Underlying Asset 
determined by the Calculation Agent as an amount equal to: 
(1)
if no Asset Currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is the same as the Base Currency, 
the quotient of (I) the Calculation Amount, divided by (II) 
the Deliverable Assets Price; or 
(2)
if the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is not the same as the Base 
Currency, the quotient of (I) the amount in the Asset 
Currency resulting from the conversion by the Calculation 
Agent of the Calculation Amount from the Base Currency 
into the Asset Currency at the Asset FX Rate in respect of 
the Final FX Valuation Date, divided by (II) the Deliverable 
Assets Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent,  
in each case, rounded down to, if "Lot Size" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(1)
to be applicable, the nearest integral multiple of the Lot Size 
of the Underlying Asset; or  
(2)
to be not applicable, the nearest whole unit of the 
Underlying Asset; or 
"Worst of Basket" to be applicable and: 
a number of whole units of the Final Worst Performing Asset is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Deliverable 
Assets, such number of units of the Final Worst Performing Asset; or 
otherwise, a number of whole units of the Final Worst Performing 
Asset determined by the Calculation Agent as an amount equal to: 
(1)
if no Asset Currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or the Asset Currency of the Final Worst Performing Asset 
is the same as the Base Currency, the quotient of (I) the 
Calculation Amount, divided by (II) the Deliverable Assets 
Price of the Final Worst Performing Asset; or 
(2)
if the Asset Currency of the Final Worst Performing Asset 
is not the same as the Base Currency, the quotient of (I) the 
amount in the Asset Currency resulting from the conversion 
by the Calculation Agent of the Calculation Amount from

--- Page 241 ---
Payout Conditions 
242 
the Base Currency into the Asset Currency of the Final 
Worst Performing Asset at the Asset FX Rate of the Final 
Worst Performing Asset in respect of the Final FX 
Valuation Date, divided by (II) the Deliverable Assets Price 
of the Final Worst Performing Asset, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, 
in each case, rounded down to, if "Lot Size" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(1)
to be applicable, the nearest integral multiple of the Lot Size 
of the Final Worst Performing Asset; or  
(2)
to be not applicable, the nearest whole unit of the Final 
Worst Performing Asset.  
"Deliverable Assets Price" means, in respect of the Underlying Asset comprising the 
Deliverable Assets, any of the following (i), (ii) or (iii) as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
the Initial Value of the Underlying Asset; or 
the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the "Deliverable Assets 
Price" of the Underlying Asset; or  
the percentage of the Initial Value of the Underlying Asset that is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Deliverable Assets (Unrounded)" means, in respect of each Security, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the calculation methodology used to determine the 
Deliverable Assets for such Security, prior to any rounding. 
"Entry Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset that is a Share or an Index, 
the lowest or highest, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Reference Price observed across all Entry Level Observation Dates for such 
Underlying Asset. 
"Entry Level Observation Date" in respect of: 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Rate" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Currency Price" to be applicable, in respect of any relevant day, the Currency 
Price; or 
"Derived Exchange Rate" to be applicable, in respect of any relevant day, the 
Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Final Amount" means the Final Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount (as 
applicable). 
"Final Asset FX" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Single Asset" to be applicable, the Asset FX of the Underlying Asset; 
"Worst of Basket" to be applicable, the Asset FX of the Final Worst 
Performing Asset; or 
"Best of Basket" to be applicable, the Asset FX of the Final Best Performing 
Asset.

--- Page 242 ---
Payout Conditions 
243 
"Final Asset Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Value
Initial Value
"Final Average Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset that is: 
a Share, an Index, a Fund or a Futures Contract the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on each of the Averaging Dates or, 
if "Autocall Average Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on each of 
the Averaging Dates in the Final Set of Averaging Dates; or  
a Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the Commodity Reference Price of the 
Commodity on each of the Pricing Dates or, if "Autocall Average Price" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Commodity 
Reference Price of the Commodity on each of the Pricing Dates in the Final 
Set of Pricing Dates. 
"Final Best Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket with 
the highest Final Asset Performance, provided that if two or more Underlying Assets 
have the same highest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine which of such Underlying Assets shall be the Final Best Performing Asset 
in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Underlying Asset shall be the Final Best 
Performing Asset. 
"Final Closing Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset that is a Share, an 
Index, an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, a Commodity, an FX Rate, a Fund or a 
Futures Contract, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on the Final Reference 
Date. 
"Final FX Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset and the relevant 
Asset FX Rate corresponding to the Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset, any of 
the following as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Final Reference Date for 
such Underlying Asset, (ii) the Final Pricing Date for such Underlying Asset, (iii) the 
Last Averaging Date for such Underlying Asset, (iv) any other date specified to be the 
"Final FX Valuation Date" for such Underlying Asset in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment" to be applicable, and such date is not a Publication Fixing Day, the first 
Publication Fixing Day after such date.  
"Final Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Final Reference Date" means, in respect of: 
a Share, the Valuation Date specified to be the "Final Reference Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Securities are Warrants and the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "American Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such day shall be a Valuation Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Valuation 
Date in respect of such Security; or

--- Page 243 ---
Payout Conditions 
244 
an Index or an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, the Valuation Date 
specified to be the "Final Reference Date" in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that  if the Securities are Warrants and the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "American Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such date shall be a Valuation Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Valuation 
Date in respect of such Security; or 
a Commodity, the Pricing Date specified to be the "Final Reference Date" in 
the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Securities are Warrants and the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "American Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such date shall be a Pricing Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Pricing 
Date in respect of such Security; or 
a Futures Contract, the Pricing Date specified to be the "Final Reference Date" 
in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Securities are Warrants and 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "American Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such date shall be a Pricing Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Pricing 
Date in respect of such Security; or 
an FX Rate, the Valuation Date specified to be the "Final Reference Date" in 
the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Securities  are Warrants and the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "American Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such date shall be a Valuation Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Valuation 
Date in respect of such Security.

--- Page 244 ---
Payout Conditions 
245 
a Fund, the Valuation Date specified to be the "Final Reference Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Securities are (other than Open-
ended Instruments) Warrants and the relevant Issue Terms specify "American 
Style" to be applicable and: 
any Security exercised on an Exercise Date pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the day falling the Number of Relevant Days following 
such Exercise Date and such day shall be a Valuation Date in respect 
of such Security; and 
any Security deemed to be exercised pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the General Instrument Conditions, the Final Reference 
Date shall be the Expiration Date and such date shall be a Valuation 
Date in respect of such Security.  
"Final Reference Month" means in respect of an Inflation Index, the calendar month 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Final Reference Value" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Single Asset" to be applicable, the Final Value of the Underlying Asset; or 
"Worst of Basket" to be applicable, the Final Value of the Final Worst 
Performing Asset; or 
"Best of Basket" to be applicable, the Final Value of the Final Best Performing 
Asset. 
"Final Set of Averaging Dates" means in respect of: 
a Share, the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Final Set First 
Averaging Date" for such Share (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), and each of the Specified 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such date; or 
an Index, the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Final Set First 
Averaging Date" for such Index (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), and each of the Specified 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such date;  
a Fund, the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the "Final Set First 
Averaging Date" for such Fund (or, if such date is not a Fund Calculation Day, 
the next following Fund Calculation Day), and each of the Specified Number 
of Fund Calculation Days immediately following such date.  
Each date comprised in the Final Set of Averaging Dates shall be an Averaging Date. 
In respect of the Final Set of Averaging Dates, the Averaging Date (after any 
adjustments pursuant to the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions) falling latest in 
time shall be the "Last Averaging Date" in respect of the Final Set of Averaging Dates. 
"Financing Costs" are calculated pursuant to the following formula:  
1 + Financing Rate (t-1) * n/360 
whereby "Financing Rate" on a certain Strike Adjustment Date is the financing rate 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms on the preceding Strike Adjustment Date and 
"n" means the number of calendar days between the current Strike Adjustment Date 
and the immediately preceding Strike Adjustment Date 
"Final Set of Pricing Dates" means, in respect of a Commodity, the date specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the "Final Set First Pricing Date" for such Commodity (or,

--- Page 245 ---
Payout Conditions 
246 
if such date is not a Scheduled Commodity Business Day, the next following Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day), and each of the Specified Number of Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days immediately following such date. Each date comprised in 
the Final Set of Pricing Dates shall be a Pricing Date. In respect of the Final Set of 
Pricing Dates, the Pricing Date (after any adjustments pursuant to the applicable 
Commodity Linked Conditions) falling latest in time shall be the "Final Pricing Date" 
in respect of the Final Set of Pricing Dates. 
"Final Worst Performing Asset" means the Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket 
with the lowest Final Asset Performance, provided that if two or more Underlying 
Assets have the same lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine which of such Underlying Assets shall be the Final Worst Performing Asset 
in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Underlying Asset shall be the Final Worst 
Performing Asset.  
"Final Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, either of the following (i) or 
(ii) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset; or 
the Final Average Price of the Underlying Asset. 
"First Currency Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fractional Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Security: 
if no Asset Currency is specified for the Underlying Asset comprising the 
Deliverable Assets or the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset comprising 
the Deliverable Assets is the same as the Base Currency, an amount in the 
Relevant Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula; or 
Fractional Entitlement × Final Reference Value
(ii)
if the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset comprising the Deliverable 
Assets is not the same as the Base Currency, the amount in the Base Currency 
resulting from the conversion by the Calculation Agent of the amount 
calculated in accordance with the formula in paragraph (i) of this definition 
from the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset comprising the Deliverable 
Assets into the Base Currency at the Asset FX Rate of such Underlying Asset 
in respect of the Final FX Valuation Date. 
"Fractional Entitlement" means, in respect of each Security, the number and/or 
fraction of the Underlying Asset comprising the Deliverable Assets equal to the 
Deliverable Assets (Unrounded) minus the Deliverable Assets, rounded to the nearest 
four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards (or such other Specified Decimal 
Place), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Basket" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Fund Calculation Day" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Fund Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"FX Business Day" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"FX (Final)" means the Exchange Rate in respect of the FX (Final) Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 246 ---
Payout Conditions 
247 
"FX (Final) Valuation Date" means any of the following as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms: (i) the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date, or (ii) the Final FX Valuation 
Date, or (iii) such number of FX Business Day(s), FX Specified Day(s) or calendar 
days specified in the relevant Issue Terms immediately following the Adjusted Asset 
Final Reference Date or any other date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (iv) 
any other date specified to be the "FX (Final) Valuation Date" in the relevant Issue 
Terms, provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Publication 
Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable, and such day is not a Publication Fixing Day, 
the FX (Final) Valuation Date shall be the first Publication Fixing Day after such date. 
"FX (Initial)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Exchange Rate in respect of the FX (Initial) Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount 
(expressed as an amount of the Reference Currency per unit of the Base Currency) 
specified as the "FX (Initial)" in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX (Initial) Valuation Date" means any of the following as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms: (i) the Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date, or (ii) the Initial FX Valuation 
Date, or (iii) such number of FX Business Day(s), FX Specified Day(s) or calendar 
days specified in the relevant Issue Terms immediately following the Adjusted Asset 
Initial Reference Date or any other date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (iv) 
any other date specified to be the "FX (Initial) Valuation Date" in the relevant Issue 
Terms, provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Publication 
Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable, and such date is not a Publication Fixing 
Day, the FX (Initial) Valuation Date shall be the first Publication Fixing Day after such 
date.  
"FX Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Publication Fixing 
Days, Common Publication Fixing Days or calendar days as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Initial Average Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset which is: 
a Share, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
"Initial Average Share Price" to be applicable, the arithmetic mean 
of the Share Price of such Share on each of the Initial Averaging 
Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent;; or 
"Initial Average Closing Share Price" to be applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of such Share on each of 
the Initial Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
"Initial Average Share Reference Price" to be applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Price of such Share on each of the 
Initial Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
an Index, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
"Initial Average Index Level" to be applicable, the arithmetic mean 
of the Index Level of such Index on each of the Initial Averaging 
Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
"Initial Average Closing Index Level" to be applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of such Index Level on 
each of the Initial Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or

--- Page 247 ---
Payout Conditions 
248 
"Initial Average Reference Price" to be applicable, the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Price of such Index on each of the Initial 
Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
an FX Rate, the arithmetic mean of the FX Rates on each of the Initial 
Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
a Commodity, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
"Initial Average Commodity Price" to be applicable, the arithmetic 
mean of the Commodity Price of such Commodity on each of the 
Initial Pricing Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
"Initial Average Commodity Reference Price" to be applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of the Commodity Reference Price of such 
Commodity on each of the Initial Pricing Dates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
a Futures Contract, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
"Initial Average Futures Contract Price" to be applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of the Futures Contract Price of such Futures 
Contract on each of the Initial Pricing Dates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or  
"Initial Average Futures Contract Reference Price" to be 
applicable, the arithmetic mean of the Futures Contract Reference 
Price of such Futures Contract on each of the Initial Pricing Dates, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
a Fund, the arithmetic mean of the Fund Reference Price of such Fund on each 
of the Initial Averaging Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Initial Averaging Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions;  
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; 
a Commodity, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions; 
an FX Rate; has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions;  
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; 
a Futures Contract, has the meaning given in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a Futures 
Contract, or an FX Rate or a Fund, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset on 
the Initial Reference Date for such Underlying Asset as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Initial FX Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset and the relevant 
Asset FX Rate corresponding to the Asset Currency of such Underlying Asset, any of 
the following as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Initial Reference Date for 
such Underlying Asset, (ii) the Last Initial Pricing Date for such Underlying Asset, (iii) 
the Last Initial Averaging Date for such Underlying Asset or (iv) any other date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the "Initial FX Valuation Date" for such 
Underlying Asset, provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable, and such date is not a 
Publication Fixing Day, the first Publication Fixing Day after such date.

--- Page 248 ---
Payout Conditions 
249 
"Initial Price" means, in respect of: 
a Share, the Share Price of such Share on the Initial Reference Date for such 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
an Index, the Index Level of such Index on the Initial Reference Date for such 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
a Commodity, the relevant price of the Commodity on the Initial Reference 
Date for such Commodity; or 
a FX Rate, the relevant rate of the FX Rate on the Initial Reference Date for 
such FX Rate; or 
a Futures Contract, the relevant price of the FX Rate on the Initial Reference 
Date for such Futures Contract; or 
a Fund, the Fund Reference Price of such Fund on the Initial Reference Date 
for such Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Initial Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions.  
"Initial Reference Date" means, in respect of: 
a Share, the Initial Valuation Date; or  
an Index, the Initial Valuation Date; or 
a Commodity, the Initial Pricing Date; or 
a Futures Contract, the Initial Pricing Date; or 
an FX Rate, the Initial Valuation Date; or  
a Fund, the Initial Valuation Date.  
"Initial Reference Value" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Single Asset" to be applicable, the Initial Value of the Underlying Asset; or 
"Worst of Basket" to be applicable, the Initial Value of the Final Worst 
Performing Asset; or 
"Best of Basket" to be applicable, the Initial Value of the Final Best 
Performing Asset. 
"Initial Valuation Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Commodity, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions; 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; or 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; or 
a Futures Contract, has the meaning given in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions.  
"Initial Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, any of the following (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv) or (v) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the percentage value of the 
Initial Closing Price of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii)

--- Page 249 ---
Payout Conditions 
250 
the percentage value of the Initial Average Price of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, (iii) the percentage value of the Initial Price of the Underlying 
Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms, (iv) the percentage value of the Entry Level 
of the Underlying Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (v) the amount set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the relevant Issue Terms in the column entitled 
"Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
"j" means an integer specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Last Initial Pricing Date" means the Initial Pricing Date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Last Averaging Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Commodity, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions; 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; or 
a Futures Contract, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Commodity, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions; 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions; or 
a Futures Contract, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Latest Reference Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Commodity, means the Latest Pricing Date as defined in the Commodity 
Linked Conditions; or 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; 
a Futures Contract, means the Latest Pricing Date as defined in the Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions; or 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions, 
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Securities" to be applicable, "Latest Reference Date" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Asset and an Averaging Reference Date or a Reference Date, such 
Averaging Reference Date or Reference Date, and in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
and an Averaging Reference Date or a Reference Date (being, for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Reference Date"):

--- Page 250 ---
Payout Conditions 
251 
if, as a result of the Relevant Reference Date not being a Common 
Trading Day for one or more Underlying Assets or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day for one or more Underlying Assets, 
the Relevant Reference Date for two or more Underlying Assets falls 
on different dates, the date corresponding to the Relevant Reference 
Date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
if the Relevant Reference Date for all of the Underlying Assets falls 
on the same date (after adjustment, if any, for non-Scheduled Trading 
Days or Disrupted Days for such Underlying Assets), such same date 
corresponding to the Relevant Reference Date. 
"Local Cap" means an amount or percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Local Floor" means an amount or percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Lookback Observation Date" means, in respect of:  
a Share, an Index, an FX Rate or a Fund, each Valuation Date specified to be 
a "Lookback Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms; or  
a Commodity or a Futures Contract, each Pricing Date specified to be a 
"Lookback Observation Date" in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Lookback Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the lowest or highest, as 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Reference Price observed across 
all Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying Asset. 
"Lot Size" means, in respect of each Underlying Asset, the minimum number of the 
Underlying Asset that may be transferred under the applicable rules of the Exchange 
in force on the Final Reference Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Maximum Performance" means the Underlying Performance of the Best Performing 
Underlying.  
"Minimum Percentage" means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Performance" means the Underlying Performance of the Worst 
Performing Underlying. 
"Multi-Asset Basket" has the meaning given in the Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Conditions. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater 
of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser 
of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"n" means the number of Underlying Assets in the Asset Basket. 
"NA" or "Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to in the General Instrument 
Conditions. 
"Number of Relevant Days" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System 
Business Day(s), Scheduled Trading Day(s), Scheduled Commodity Business Day(s) 
Fund Calculation Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 251 ---
Payout Conditions 
252 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" means, in respect of an Observation Period 
and: (a) a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; (b) an 
Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions; and (c) a 
Commodity has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Linked Conditions; (d) a 
Futures Contract has the meaning given to it in the Futures Contract Linked Conditions; 
and (e) a Fund, has the meaning given to it in the Fund Linked Conditions, provided 
that if "Reference Date/Pricing Date deemed to be Observation Date (closing 
valuation)" is specified to apply to such Observation Period in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then each Reference Date, Pricing Date or Averaging Reference Date (as applicable) 
falling in such Observation Period shall be deemed to be an Observation Date (closing 
valuation).  
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" means, in respect of an Observation Period 
and: (a) a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; (b) an 
Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions; (c) a Commodity 
has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Linked Conditions, provided that if 
"Reference Price deemed to be Asset Intraday Price" is specified to apply to such 
Observation Period in the relevant Issue Terms, then each Reference Date, Pricing Date 
or Averaging Reference Date (as applicable) falling in such Observation Period shall 
be deemed to be an Observation Date (intra-day valuation) and the Reference Price of 
the Underlying Asset on such Reference Date, Pricing Date or Averaging Reference 
Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to be an Asset Intraday Price of the Underlying 
Asset for such Observation Date (intra-day valuation).  
"Observation Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Underlying Asset 
Conditions. 
"P" or "Participation" means an amount or a percentage value specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"PP" or "Participation Put" means an amount or a percentage value specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Perf" means, any of the following (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms: 
the Underlying Performance; or 
the Basket Performance; or 
the Maximum Performance; or 
the Minimum Performance; or 
the Basket Dispersion (Final). 
"Physical Settlement Disruption Amount" means, in respect of each Security, an 
amount in the Relevant Currency equal to the product of (i) the number of the 
Underlying Asset constituting the Deliverable Assets, multiplied by (ii) the Final 
Reference Value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify an Asset Currency in respect of the Underlying Asset comprising 
the Deliverable Assets and such Asset Currency is not the same as the Base Currency, 
then the Physical Settlement Disruption Amount shall be, in respect of each Security, 
the amount in the Base Currency resulting from the conversion by the Calculation 
Agent from the Asset Currency of the Underlying Asset comprising the Deliverable 
Assets into the Base Currency at the Asset FX Rate of such Underlying Asset in respect 
of the Final FX Valuation Date of an amount equal to the product of (i) the number of 
the Underlying Asset constituting the Deliverable Assets, multiplied by (ii) the Final 
Reference Value. 
"PL" or "Protection Level" means an amount or a percentage value specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
Payout Conditions 
253 
"Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Publication Fixing Day" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions. 
"Ratio" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; or 
a Commodity, means the Latest Pricing Date as defined in the Commodity 
Linked Conditions; or 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; 
a Futures Contract, means the Latest Pricing Date as defined in the Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions; or 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions, 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of any relevant day or date and if the Underlying 
Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
a Share: 
regardless of whether "Reference Price subject to Dividend 
Adjustment" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
for any day or date which is not specified or deemed to be an 
Adjusted Share Price Applicable Date in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Closing Share Price of the Share for such day; or 
if "Reference Price subject to Dividend Adjustment" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, for any Adjusted Share 
Price Applicable Date, the Adjusted Share Price of the Share for such 
day or date; or 
an Index: 
regardless of whether "Reference Price subject to Decrement 
Adjustment" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
for any day or date which is not specified or deemed to be an 
Adjusted Index Level Applicable Date in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Closing Index Level of the Index for such day; or 
if "Reference Price subject to Decrement Adjustment" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, for any Adjusted Index 
Level Applicable Date, the Adjusted Index Level of the Index for 
such day or date; or 
an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, the Final Reference Price of the Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract on such day; or 
a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of the Commodity on such 
day; or 
a Futures Contract, the Futures Contract Reference Price of the Futures 
Contract on such day; or 
an FX Rate, the Exchange Rate on such day.; or 
a Fund, the Fund Reference Price of the Fund on such day.

--- Page 253 ---
Payout Conditions 
254 
"Redemption Percentage" means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Currency" means the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency (as 
applicable).  
"Rollover Adjustment" means, in the case of a futures contract as Underlying, the 
cost/income derived from rolling over the position from an expiring future contract to 
a new future contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the case of other 
Underlyings than Futures Contracts the Rollover Adjustment is zero. 
"RP (Final)" or "Reference Price (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, 
any of the following (i), (ii) or (iii) if specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset; 
the Final Average Price of the Underlying Asset; or  
the Lookback Price of the Underlying Asset. 
"RP (Initial)" or "Reference Price (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, 
any of the following (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
the percentage value of the Initial Closing Price of the Underlying Asset 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the percentage value of the Initial Price of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
the percentage value of the Initial Average Price of the Underlying Asset 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
the percentage value of the Entry Level of the Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
the amount set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the relevant Issue Terms 
in the column entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset; or 
the amount specified to be the Reference Price (Initial) for such Underlying 
Asset in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"RP (Call)" or "Reference Price (Call) " means, in respect of the Underlying Asset, 
either of the following (i) or (ii) if specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset; or  
the Final Average Price of the Underlying Asset. 
"RP (Put)" or "Reference Price (Put)" means, in respect of the Underlying Asset, 
either of the following (i) or (ii) if specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset; or 
the Final Average Price of the Underlying Asset. 
"RP(t)" or "Reference Price (t)" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and each 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset 
on such Valuation Date. 
"Reference Value (Final Value)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, any of the 
following if specified in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 254 ---
Payout Conditions 
255 
the Final Closing Price of the Underlying Asset; 
the Final Average Price of the Underlying Asset; or 
the Lookback Price of the Underlying Asset. 
"Reference Value (Initial Value)" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, any of 
the following if specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
the percentage value of the Initial Closing Price of such Underlying Asset 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the percentage value of the Initial Price of such Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
the percentage value of the Initial Average Price of such Underlying Asset 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
the percentage value of the Entry Level of such Underlying Asset specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
the amount set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the relevant Issue Terms 
in the column entitled "Reference Value (Final Value)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset; or 
the amount specified to be the Reference Value (Initial Value) for such 
Underlying Asset in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Commodity Business Day" has the meaning given in the Commodity 
Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions; and 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Share Basket" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Specified Number" has the meaning given in the Autocall Payout Conditions. 
"Strike" means an amount or a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. In the case that "Strike Adjustment" is specified to be applicable pursuant to 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Strike will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent on 
each Strike Adjustment Date during the term at the Strike Adjustment Time pursuant 
to the following formula: 
Current Strike (t) = Current Strike (t-1) * Financing Costs – Dividend Adjustment 
Costs – Rollover Adjustment Amount 
whereby “t” means the current Strike Adjustment Date and “t-1= means the Strike 
Adjustment Date immediately preceding the current Strike Adjustment Date (on 
the first Strike Adjustment Date the Strike specified in the applicable Final Terms 
will be used as Current Strike (t-1)). 
The result of such calculation shall be rounded up (for long products) and/or rounded 
down (for short products) to the third decimal place and the result shall constitute the 
new Strike (the "Current Strike").  
"Strike Adjustment Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
Payout Conditions 
256 
"Strike Adjustment Time" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the Strike Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Trigger Basket Performance" means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as the sum of the Trigger Weighted Underlying Performance of each Underlying 
Asset in the Asset Basket. 
"Trigger Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Event Floor Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Floored Weighted Basket Performance" means an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be equal to the sum of (i) the Trigger Protection Level, plus
(ii) the greater of (a) the Trigger Basket Performance and (b) the Trigger Event Floor 
Amount. 
"Trigger Percentage" means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Trigger Perf" means any of the following: 
the Underlying Performance;  
the Basket Performance;  
the Maximum Performance;  
the Minimum Performance; or 
the Trigger Floored Weighted Basket Performance. 
"Trigger Protection Level" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Trigger Weighted Underlying Performance" means, in respect of each Underlying 
Asset, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ܹ݁݅݃ℎݐ݅݊݃× ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ (ܨ݈݅݊ܽ) −ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ (ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ)
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ (ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ)
"Underlying Asset Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be applicable, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Reference Price (Final)
Reference Price (Initial)  × Asset FX; or
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (a) a Local Cap, the Underlying 
Performance shall not exceed the Local Cap and/or (b) a Local Floor, the Underlying 
Performance shall not be less than the Local Floor.

--- Page 256 ---
Payout Conditions 
257 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be not applicable, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Reference Price (Final)
Reference Price (Initial)
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify (a) a Local Cap, the Underlying 
Performance shall not exceed the Local Cap and/or (b) a Local Floor, the Underlying 
Performance shall not be less than the Local Floor. 
"Valuation Date" in respect of:  
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Conditions;  
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Conditions; 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Conditions; or  
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Underlying Asset in the Asset 
Basket:  
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be applicable, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Weighting × Reference Price (Final)
Reference Price (Initial)  × Asset FX; or
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be not applicable, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Weighting × Reference Price (Final)
Reference Price (Initial)
"Weighting" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if an 
Underlying Asset Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Underlying Asset set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Underlying Asset", the amount set forth in the column entitled "Weighting" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset, provided that, if no weighting is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, then the Weighting in respect of each Underlying Asset shall 
be deemed to be the quotient of (i) one divided by (ii) the number of Underlying Assets 
in the Asset Basket. 
"Weighted Performance (Basket Value)" means, in respect of each Underlying Asset 
in the Asset Basket: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be applicable, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ܹ݁݅݃ℎݐ݅݊݃× ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁ (ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁)
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁ (ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁) × ܣݏݏ݁ݐ ܨܺ
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Final/Initial (FX)" to be not applicable, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 257 ---
Payout Conditions 
258 
ܹ݁݅݃ℎݐ݅݊݃× ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁ (ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁)
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁ (ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܸ݈ܽݑ݁)
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying Asset with the lowest 
Underlying Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that two 
or more Underlying Assets have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which of such 
Underlying Assets shall be the Worst Performing Underlying, and such Underlying 
Asset as so selected shall be deemed the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Weighted Underlying Performance (t)" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and 
each Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܹ݁݅݃ℎݐ݅݊݃×
ܴܲ(ݐ)
ܴܲ(ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ)
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Payout Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the General Instrument Conditions or the General Note 
Conditions (as applicable). 
(b)
Interpretation 
If the relevant Securities are Notes, each reference in these Payout Conditions 
to "each Security" shall be deemed to be a reference to "each nominal amount 
of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount", or, if "Trading in Nominal" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be not applicable, 
each reference in these Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "each Certificate (of the Nominal 
Amount)" in the case of Certificates, or "each Warrant (of the 
Nominal Amount)" in the case of Warrants; or  
"Non-standard Securities Format" is specified to be applicable, each 
reference in these Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "each Certificate (of the Calculation 
Amount)" in the case of Certificates or "each Warrant (of the 
Calculation Amount)" in the case of Warrants, and, where applicable, 
in respect of each Warrant, each reference to "NA" or "Nominal 
Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to "CA" or "Calculation 
Amount". 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Payout Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the General Note Conditions or the General 
Instrument Conditions. 
If the relevant Issue Terms are specified to cover two or more Series of 
Securities, then, unless otherwise specified in such Issue Terms or the 
Conditions, the Conditions shall be construed as applying separately to each 
Series of Securities in respect of such Issue Terms. 
Any reference to a "date" in the Conditions shall be construed as a reference 
to a particular Valuation Date, Initial Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Initial 
Averaging Date or any other type of date that is defined in the Conditions (as 
the context may require), if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 258 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
259 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Provisions for 
Share Linked Notes and Share Linked Instruments 
1. 
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days 
or Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Reference Dates 
1.2 
Single Share and Averaging Reference Dates 
1.3 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Individual Scheduled Trading Day and Individual 
Disrupted Day 
1.4 
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day 
1.5 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
1.6 
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
1.7 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
1.8 
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date 
3. 
Adjustments 
3.1 
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to options on a Related 
Exchange 
3.2 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
3.3 
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
5. 
Depositary Receipts Provisions 
5.1 
Application of Depositary Receipts Provisions 
5.2 
Termination of Deposit Agreement 
6. 
Delisting, Discontinuance or Modification of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund 
7. 
Definitions 
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to 
the Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Share Linked Securities 
commencing on pages 38.

--- Page 259 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
260 
These Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that the Share Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that the Share Linked Notes are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days 
or Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Share and Reference Dates 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Share and such Issue Terms specify "Single Share and Reference Dates" to be applicable to 
the Share (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Reference 
Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date in respect of such Share is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for such Share shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in 
respect of such Share immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day 
for such Share. In that case: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date 
for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share; 
and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be 
deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Reference Date),  
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for such Share shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Share, and the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to 
be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date); 
1.2
Single Share and Averaging Reference Dates 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Share and such Issue Terms specify "Single Share and Averaging Reference Dates" to be 
applicable to the Share (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date in respect of such Share is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day 
and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Omission" to be applicable, then such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference Date, provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Share

--- Page 260 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
261 
immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted 
Day for such Share. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Share; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for 
such Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
(b)
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such 
Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day for such Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption in respect of such Share immediately following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for such Share. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Share; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for 
such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined in 
accordance with this Share Linked Condition 1.2 in respect of a Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging 
Reference Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
falls, whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also 
determined in accordance with this Share Linked Condition 1.2; 
(c)
"Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Reference Date or a Disrupted Day for such Share, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date, then:  
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a Disrupted Day for such 
Share; and  
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for 
such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Share shall be such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging Reference

--- Page 261 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
262 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); and 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share and, the 
relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then "Postponement" will apply.  
1.3
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Individual Scheduled Trading Day and Individual 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the Shares (and, if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to 
such Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled 
Reference Date in respect of any Share in the Share Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day or 
is a Disrupted Day for such Share, then: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Reference Date for a Share is 
a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for such 
Share shall be such Scheduled Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Reference Date for a Share is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for such 
Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for such Share, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day for such Share. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for such Share; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for 
such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of such Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for each Share in the Share Basket shall be such Scheduled Reference 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Share, and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the relevant Reference Date). 
1.4
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Individual Scheduled Trading Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the Shares (and, if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall 
apply to such Averaging Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that

--- Page 262 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
263 
any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date in respect of any Share in the Share Basket is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Omission" to be applicable, such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference 
Date for each Share in the Share Basket, provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then the sole Averaging 
Reference Date for such Shares shall be determined by reference to the final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date as follows:  
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Share 
shall be such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Averaging Reference Date for 
such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following 
such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such 
Share immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day for such Share. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to 
be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then:  
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Share shall 
be such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Averaging Reference Date for such Share 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Share, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Share 
immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day for such Share. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last

--- Page 263 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
264 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to 
be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date). For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Averaging Reference Date determined in accordance with this Share 
Linked Condition 1.4 in respect of a Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging Reference 
Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, 
whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also 
determined in accordance with this Share Linked Condition 1.4; 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then: 
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Share shall 
be such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Share in the Share Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Averaging Reference Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Reference Date or a Disrupted Day for such Share, would 
have been the relevant Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Share, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Share; and  
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to 
be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Share in the Share Basket shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Share, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be deemed 
to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date); and 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share in the Share 
Basket and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then 
"Postponement" will apply.

--- Page 264 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
265 
1.5
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Shares (such Shares being 
"Common Basket Shares" and each a "Common Basket Share" for the purposes of this Share 
Linked Condition 1.5) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be such Scheduled 
Reference Date; 
(b)
if (i) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Shares, or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Common Basket Share, in which case the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date, provided that if 
such Common Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Shares, then, in respect of (i) and (ii), then the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled 
Trading Day is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, 
then the Reference Date for such Common Basket Share shall be such 
Common Scheduled Trading Day; 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then 
the Reference Date for such Common Basket Share shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Common Scheduled Trading 
Day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share. In that case: 
(1)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Date for such Common Basket 
Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for such Common Basket Share; and 
(2)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the value for such Common Basket Share as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (2) shall be deemed to be 
the Share Price for such Common Basket Share at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date), 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Share 
shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Common Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, and the

--- Page 265 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
266 
Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Common Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date). 
1.6
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Shares (such Shares being 
"Common Basket Shares" and each a "Common Basket Share" for the purposes of this Share 
Linked Condition 1.6) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Share, then the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be 
such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Shares: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Omission" to be applicable, such 
Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Share, provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, 
then the sole Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Shares shall 
be determined by reference to the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
as follows:  
if the Calculation Agent determines that the final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be 
the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
if (1) the Calculation Agent determines that such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, or (2) 
the Calculation Agent determines that such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Common Basket Share, in which case the sole Averaging Reference 
Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date (the final Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date, following adjustment of such date owing to such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Final Averaging 
Reference Date"), provided that if such Final Averaging Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, 
then, in respect of (1) or (2), the following provisions shall apply: 
(1)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then the 
sole Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket 
Share shall be the Final Averaging Reference Date;

--- Page 266 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
267 
(2)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that 
is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then the 
sole Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket 
Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
following the Final Averaging Reference Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day for 
such Common Basket Share, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Final Averaging Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share. In that 
case: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for 
such Common Basket Share, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Common Basket Share; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for such Common Basket 
Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Share 
Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of 
the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then if 
(A) the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day 
for one or more Common Basket Shares, or (B) the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for any Common Basket Share, in which case the Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date (such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, following 
adjustment of such date owing to such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date"), provided that if such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, 
then, in respect of (A) or (B), the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then the Averaging 
Reference Date for such Common Basket Share shall be the Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date; 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is a 
Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then the Averaging 
Reference Date for such Common Basket Share shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is 
not a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Adjusted Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share. In that case:

--- Page 267 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
268 
(1)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share; and 
(2)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the value for such Common Basket Share as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be 
the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of 
the relevant Averaging Reference Date). For the avoidance 
of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined in 
accordance with this Share Linked Condition 1.6 in respect 
of a Scheduled Averaging Reference Date may fall on the 
same day that another Averaging Reference Date in respect 
of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, 
whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was 
also determined in accordance with this Share Linked 
Condition 1.6; 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Modified Postponement" to be 
applicable, then if (A) the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, or (B) such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Common 
Basket Share, in which case the Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Share shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day 
on which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
(such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, following adjustment of such 
date owing to such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Adjusted Averaging Reference 
Date"), provided that if such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, then, in respect of 
(A) and (B), the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, 
then the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Share 
shall be such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date; and  
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Share, then 
the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket 
Share shall be the first succeeding Valid Date for such Common 
Basket Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date for such Common 
Basket Share has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date, then: 
(1)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Share; and 
(2)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such

--- Page 268 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
269 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date); 
provided that, 
(3)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Averaging Reference Date for each 
Common Basket Share shall be such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any 
Common Basket Share, and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Common Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Averaging Reference Date (and such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be 
deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); and 
(4)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is not a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Common Basket Share and, the relevant Issue Terms do not 
specify the consequence, then "Postponement" will apply. 
1.7
Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Shares (such Shares being 
"Common Basket Shares" and each a "Common Basket Share" for the purposes of this Share 
Linked Condition 1.7) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be such Scheduled 
Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is not a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or 
more Common Basket Shares. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
such Reference Date for each Common Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, 
(such Common Basket Shares being "Affected Common Basket Shares" for 
such Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Share being an 
"Affected Common Basket Share" for such Reference Date);

--- Page 269 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
270 
for each Common Basket Share other than an Affected Common Basket 
Share, the relevant Share Price shall be determined by reference to the relevant 
screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the applicable Valuation Time on 
such last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Share, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Affected Common 
Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Common Scheduled Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (iii) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at 
the relevant Valuation Time of such Affected Common Basket Share in 
respect of such Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Common Basket 
Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date). 
1.8
Share Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day 
Where the Share Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Share 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Shares (such Shares being 
"Common Basket Shares" and each a "Common Basket Share" for the purposes of this Share 
Linked Condition 1.8) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Share, then the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for any Common Basket Share or is a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day and a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share and, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify: 
"Omission" to be applicable, such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will 
be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Share, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then the sole Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such final Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date which the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day for any Common Basket Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Shares. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the sole Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted

--- Page 270 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
271 
Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, (such Common Basket 
Shares being "Affected Common Basket Shares" for such 
Averaging Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Share 
being an "Affected Common Basket Share" for such Averaging 
Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Share other than an Affected Common 
Basket Share, the relevant Share Price shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the 
applicable Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Share, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Affected 
Common Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day (and 
such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(C) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation 
Time of such Affected Common Basket Share in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Averaging Reference Date for 
each Common Basket Share shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Common Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Shares. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Common Basket Shares, (such Common Basket 
Shares being "Affected Common Basket Shares" for such 
Averaging Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Share 
being an "Affected Common Basket Share" for such Averaging 
Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Share other than an Affected Common 
Basket Share, the relevant Share Price shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the 
applicable Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Share, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Affected 
Common Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day (and 
such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(C) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation 
Time of such Affected Common Basket Share in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date). For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Averaging Reference Date determined in accordance with this Share 
Linked Condition 1.8 in respect of a Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging Reference 
Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, 
whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also 
determined in accordance with this Share Linked Condition 1.8;

--- Page 271 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
272 
"Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then the Averaging Reference 
Date for each Common Basket Share shall be the first Common Valid Date 
immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date. If the first 
succeeding Common Valid Date has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on the consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already an 
Averaging Reference Date or is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Shares, (such Common Basket Shares being 
"Affected Common Basket Shares" for such Averaging Reference 
Date, and each such Common Basket Share being an "Affected 
Common Basket Share" for such Averaging Reference Date);  
for each Common Basket Share other than an Affected Common 
Basket Share, the relevant Share Price shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the 
applicable Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Share, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Affected 
Common Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day (and 
such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(C) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation 
Time of such Affected Common Basket Share in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Share shall be such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Common Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Share, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Common 
Basket Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference 
Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (iv) shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Common Basket Share and, the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify the consequence, then "Postponement" will 
apply. 
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of these Share Linked Conditions, if a Fallback Valuation Date 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging 
Reference Date (any such date being, for the purposes of this Share Linked Condition 2, a 
"Relevant Date") for a Share, and if, following adjustment of such Relevant Date pursuant to 
Share Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common 
Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) above (for the purposes of this Share Linked 
Condition 2, an "Affected Share") the Relevant Date would otherwise fall after the specified 
Fallback Valuation Date in respect of such Affected Share, then such Fallback Valuation Date

--- Page 272 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
273 
shall be deemed to be such Relevant Date for such Affected Share. If such Fallback Valuation 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Affected Share, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Fallback Valuation Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this Share Linked Condition 2 shall be deemed to be the Share Price at the Valuation Time in 
respect of the relevant Reference Date or Averaging Reference Date). 
3.
Adjustments 
3.1
Occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to options on a Related 
Exchange 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred or following any adjustment to the settlement terms of listed options or futures 
contracts on the relevant Shares traded on a Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent will 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to the settlement terms of 
listed options or futures contracts on the relevant Shares traded on a Related Exchange has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make 
the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Share Linked 
Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or 
payment under such Share Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made 
to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate, or liquidity 
relative to such Shares), and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment 
in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange. 
3.2
Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to any Share, the consequences shall be as set out 
in paragraphs (a) to (d) below (provided that, if a Share is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, 
Share Linked Condition 6 (Delisting, Discontinuance or Modification of a Share that is a share 
of an Exchange Traded Fund) shall apply in addition to the paragraphs (a) to (d) below): 
(a)
the Calculation Agent may determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to 
any one or more of the terms of the Share Linked Securities, including without 
limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the Share 
Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to 
the Share Linked Securities. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Extraordinary 
Event made by any Options Exchange to options on the Shares traded on that Options 
Exchange; or 
(b)
following each adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on 
any Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make the appropriate adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of the terms of the Share Linked Securities, including without 
limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the Share 
Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, which adjustment 
will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective 
date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the 
Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Share Linked Securities, 
including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment 
under the Share Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, 
with reference to the rules of and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to 
account for the Extraordinary Event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent

--- Page 273 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
274 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded;  
(c)
the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Share Linked Securities by giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or 
General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Share Linked Securities 
are so redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Share 
Linked Security held by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early 
Repayment Amount of such Share Linked Security, taking into account the 
Extraordinary Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case 
may be; or 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Extraordinary Event − Share Substitution" to be 
applicable upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, then on or after the relevant 
Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the Delisting, Insolvency, 
Nationalisation, or where the Share is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, NAV 
Publication Suspension, as the case may be, the Issuer shall require the Calculation 
Agent to adjust the Shares or Share Basket, as the case may be, to include shares 
selected by it (the "Substitute Shares") in place of the Shares (the "Affected Share(s)") 
which are affected by such Extraordinary Event, and such Substitute Shares and their 
issuer will be deemed to be "Shares" and a "Share Issuer" for the purposes of these 
Share Linked Conditions, respectively, and the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Share Linked Securities, 
including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment 
under the Share Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such Substitute Shares may include Depositary Receipts 
and/or shares of Exchange Traded Funds. In this regard: 
such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the terms of the Share Linked 
Securities will be deemed to be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") which may, but need not, be the 
Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the Delisting, Insolvency or 
Nationalisation or, where the Share is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, NAV Publication Suspension (as the 
case may be);  
the weighting of each Substitute Share in the relevant Share Basket, if 
applicable, will be equal to the weighting of the relevant Affected Share, 
unless otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent; 
if a Merger Event or a Tender Offer occurs between two or more Shares of the 
relevant Share Basket, if applicable, Share Substitution will apply; and 
in order to be selected as a Substitute Share, each relevant share must be a 
share which: 
is not already comprised in the Share Basket; 
belongs to a similar economic sector as the Affected Share; and 
is of comparable market capitalisation, international standing, and 
exposure as the Affected Share, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if a Merger Event 
or Tender Offer has occurred in respect of the Affected Share, the Calculation Agent 
may determine the Substitute Share to be the shares of the relevant successor to the 
issuer of such Affected Shares following such Merger Event or Tender Offer as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.

--- Page 274 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
275 
3.3
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Share Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term 
relevant to the settlement or payment under such Share Linked Securities, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional Disruption 
Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Share Linked Securities by giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Share Linked Securities are so 
redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Share Linked 
Security held by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment 
Amount of such Share Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance 
with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 
(Notices), as the case may be.  
4.
Correction of Share Price 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Correction of Share Price" to be applicable for a 
relevant Share, then, in the event that any Share Price published on the Exchange on any date 
which is utilised for any calculation or determination is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication, the Calculation Agent will make any determination or determine the amount that is 
payable or deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Share Linked Securities to account for such correction, provided that, if a 
Correction Cut-off Date is applicable for a relevant Share for any relevant date, corrections 
published after such Correction Cut-off Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining or calculating any relevant amount, and/or whether any event 
specified in the Conditions has occurred. 
5.
Depositary Receipts Provisions 
5.1
Application of Depositary Receipts Provisions 
In relation to any Share Linked Securities to which these Share Linked Conditions apply and 
for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Depositary Receipts Provisions" to be 
applicable, (i) each reference in such Share Linked Conditions to "Share" and "Shares" shall be 
construed as a reference to "Depositary Receipt" and "Depositary Receipts", except as 
modified by (ii) the provisions of, and the terms and expressions defined in, this Share Linked 
Condition 5: 
(a)
The following terms shall have the following meanings in relation to Depositary 
Receipts: 
"Deposit Agreement" means the agreement or other instrument constituting 
the Depositary Receipts, as from time to time amended or supplemented in 
accordance with its terms; 
"Depositary" means the depositary of the Depositary Receipts appointed as 
such in under the terms of the Deposit Agreement or any successor depositary 
thereunder; 
"Depositary Receipts" means the depositary receipts as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 275 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
276 
"Share Company" means (A) both the Depositary and the Underlying Share 
Issuer in respect of the Depositary Receipts, and (B) for all other purposes in 
relation to the Share Linked Securities, the Depositary; 
"Underlying Shares" means such shares of the Underlying Share Issuer as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, unless "As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5.1(a)" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case 
"Underlying Shares" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the shares or 
securities which such Depositary Receipt represents; and 
"Underlying Share Issuer" shall be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
unless "As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(a)" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which case "Underlying Share Issuer" means, in 
respect of a Depositary Receipt, the issuer or issuers of the Underlying Shares 
of such Depositary Receipt. 
(b)
The definition of "Insolvency" shall be construed in relation to the Depositary Receipts 
as if references herein to the Depositary Receipts of the Share Company were 
references to the Underlying Share. 
(c)
The definition of "Market Disruption Event" shall include, in relation to the 
Depositary Receipts, the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to the 
Underlying Share, and, only for the purpose of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred in relation to an Underlying Share, each reference in 
these Share Linked Conditions to "Share" or "Shares" shall be construed as a reference 
to "Underlying Share" or "Underlying Shares", respectively, and: 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Underlying Share, each exchange or 
quotation system in respect of the Underlying Shares specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Underlying Shares, unless "As specified in 
Share Linked Condition 5.1(c)" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
which case "Exchange" means, in respect of each Depositary Receipt, the 
primary exchange or quotation system on which such Underlying Share is 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and in each case, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Underlying Shares has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Shares on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of each Underlying Share, each 
exchange or quotation system in respect of the Underlying Shares, if any, 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, unless "As specified in Share 
Linked Condition 5.1(c)" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which 
case "Related Exchange" means, in respect of each Depositary Receipt, All 
Exchanges, as if the Underlying Share corresponding to such Depositary 
Receipt were a Share, and in each case, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Shares has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Underlying Shares on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); and 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of each Underlying Share, the time 
specified in respect of the Underlying Shares in the relevant Issue Terms 
unless "As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(c)" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which case "Valuation Time" means, in respect of 
each Depositary Receipt and the corresponding Underlying Share, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant day in 
relation to each Underlying Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes

--- Page 276 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
277 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
(d)
The definition of "Merger Event" shall include, in relation to Depositary Receipts, the 
occurrence of any Merger Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
(e)
The definition of "Nationalisation" shall be construed in relation to the Depositary 
Receipts as if references herein to the Depositary Receipts of the Share Company were 
references to the Underlying Share. 
(f)
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall include, in relation to the 
Depositary Receipts: 
the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to the Underlying 
Share or any other shares or securities represented by the Depositary Receipts; 
and 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement. 
5.2
Termination of Deposit Agreement 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination, references 
to Depositary Receipts shall be replaced by references to the Underlying Share and the 
Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms and will determine the effective date of such 
replacement and adjustments. 
6.
Delisting, Discontinuance or Modification of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund 
(a)
Where the Share is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, upon the occurrence of a 
Delisting in relation to such Share, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, 
either (i) make the determinations and take the actions specified in Share Linked 
Condition 3.2, or (ii) substitute an exchange traded fund that the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion, to be comparable to the discontinued Shares (such 
exchange traded fund, a "Successor Fund"). If the Calculation Agent determines that 
no such Successor Fund is available, then the Calculation Agent will, in its sole 
discretion, determine the appropriate closing price of the Shares by a computation 
methodology that the Calculation Agent determines will as closely as reasonably 
possible replicate the Shares. If a Successor Fund is selected, that Successor Fund will 
be substituted for the Shares for all purposes of the Share Linked Securities and the 
Calculation Agent may determine in its sole discretion the appropriate date for the 
substitution of the Shares. 
(b)
If at any time the index underlying the Exchange Traded Fund and/or the terms and 
conditions governing the assets, contracts and instruments invested in or held by the 
Exchange Traded Fund are changed in a material respect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), or if the Exchange Traded Fund in any other way is modified so 
that it does not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, fairly represent the net asset 
value of the Shares had those changes or modifications not been made, then, from and 
after that time, the Calculation Agent will make those calculations and adjustments as, 
in the good faith judgment of the Calculation Agent, may be necessary in order to arrive 
at a price of an exchange traded fund comparable to the Exchange Traded Fund or the 
Successor Fund, as the case may be, as if those changes or modifications had not been 
made, and calculate the closing prices with reference to the Exchange Traded Fund or 
the Successor Fund, as adjusted. Accordingly, if the Exchange Traded Fund or a 
Successor Fund is modified in a way that the price of its shares is a fraction of what it 
would have been if it had not been modified (for example, due to a split or a reverse 
split), then the Calculation Agent will adjust the price in order to arrive at a price of the 
Shares or shares of the Successor Fund as if it had not been modified (for example, as

--- Page 277 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
278 
if the split or the reverse split had not occurred). The Calculation Agent also may 
determine that no adjustment is required by the modification of the method of 
calculation. 
7.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Share 
Linked Securities to which these Share Linked Conditions apply: 
"Acceptable Exchange" means, in respect of any relevant Shares: (a) where the Exchange is 
located in the European Union or the United Kingdom, each principal exchange, quotation 
system or execution facility on which Shares are traded in each jurisdiction within European 
Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Norway, provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is reasonably comparable liquidity on that exchange, quotation system or 
execution facility relative to the liquidity that existed on the Exchange; or (b) where the 
Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Arca, 
NYSE Amex, NASDAQ Global Market or NASDAQ Global Select Market (or their respective 
successors); or (c) where the Exchange is located outside of the European Union or the United 
States, each principal exchange, quotation system or execution facility on which Shares are 
traded in the same jurisdiction as the Exchange, provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is reasonably comparable liquidity on that exchange, quotation system or 
execution facility relative to the liquidity that existed on the Exchange. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an Acceptable Exchange shall exclude any listing service for shares traded over the 
counter. 
"Actual Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, a Relevant Dividend (excluding any 
Extraordinary Dividends, unless the relevant Issue Terms provide that, for such Share, "Include 
Extraordinary Dividends" to be applicable, in which case, for such Share, the Actual Dividends 
and the corresponding Relevant Dividends shall include all Extraordinary Dividends) for such 
Share declared (being the "Declared Dividend" corresponding to such Actual Dividend) by the 
Share Issuer of the Share to any holder of record of a single Share on the relevant record date in 
respect of such Relevant Dividend, where the Ex-Dividend Date for such Relevant Dividend 
falls in the Dividend Period for such Share, PROVIDED THAT: 
if: 
(a)
if the amount actually paid or delivered by the Share Issuer of a Share to holders of 
record of the Share in respect of such Relevant Dividend is not equal to the 
corresponding Declared Dividend; and/or  
(b)
the Share Issuer of the Share declares an intention to adjust any Relevant Dividend to 
one or more holders of record of the Share, 
(and, in the case of (a) and (b), the amount of such difference being the "Dividend Difference 
Amount" and the date of such declaration being the "Dividend Difference Declaration Date" 
for such Relevant Dividend), then: 
for the purposes of any potential payment date in respect of the Share Linked 
Securities scheduled to fall on or prior to the second Business Day after the 
Dividend Difference Declaration Date in respect of which whether payment 
should be made and/or the amount of payment is determined by reference in 
any way to an Adjusted Share Price calculated using such Actual Dividend as 
a parameter, the Actual Dividend used to determine such Adjusted Share Price 
shall be deemed to be such Relevant Dividend; and 
for the purposes of any potential payment date in respect of the Share Linked 
Securities scheduled to fall more than two Business Days after the Dividend 
Difference Declaration Date in respect of which whether payment should be 
made and/or the amount of payment is determined by reference in any way to 
a Adjusted Share Price calculated using such Actual Dividend as a parameter, 
the Actual Dividend used to determine such Adjusted Share Price may be

--- Page 278 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
279 
adjusted by an amount equal to the Dividend Difference Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging (each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Adjusted Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date: 
(a)
if the "Adjusted Price Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
"Proportional": 
if such date falls before the Dividend Period Start Date: 
CSP(t)
if such date falls on the Dividend Period Start Date, the Dividend Period Start 
Date Price; 
if such date falls after the Dividend Period Start Date but on or prior to the 
Dividend Period End Date, an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
ASP(t −1) ×
CSP(t)
CSP(t −1) + CD(t) −AD(t)
provided that, in respect of such date, if the value of CSP (t-1) + CD(t) – AD(t) 
in the above formula is less than or equal to zero, then the Adjusted Share 
Price for such date shall be zero;  
if such date falls after the Dividend Period End Date, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ASP(t −1) ×
CSP(t)
CSP(t −1)
provided that, in respect of such date, if the value of CSP (t-1) in the above 
formula is less than or equal to zero, then the Adjusted Share Price for such 
date shall be zero;  
(b)
if the "Adjusted Price Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be "Additive": 
if such date falls on or before the Dividend Period Start Date: 
CSP(t)
if such date falls after the Dividend Period Start Date, the greater of zero and 
an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൫CSP(t) + SAD(t) −SCD(t)൯
(c)
if the "Adjusted Price Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be "Proportional 
Minus Fixed Yield": 
if such date falls before the Dividend Period Start Date: 
CSP(t)
if such date is the Dividend Period Start Date, the Dividend Period Start Date 
Price;

--- Page 279 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
280 
if such date falls after the Dividend Period Start Date but on or prior to the 
Dividend Period End Date, an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
ASP(t −1) ×
CSP(t)
CSP(t −1) −AD(t) × CDY(t)
provided that, in respect of such date, if the value of CSP (t-1) – AD(t) in the 
above formula is less than or equal to zero, then, in each case, the Adjusted 
Share Price for such date shall be zero;  
if such date falls after the Dividend Period End Date, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ASP(t −1) ×
CSP(t)
CSP(t −1)
provided that, in respect of such date, if the value of CSP (t-1) in the above 
formula is less than or equal to zero, then the Adjusted Share Price for such date 
shall be zero;  
(d)
if the "Adjusted Price Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be "Proportional 
Minus Fixed Point": 
if such date falls before the Dividend Period Start Date: 
CSP(t)
if such date is the Dividend Period Start Date, the Dividend Period Start Date 
Price; 
if such date falls after the Dividend Period Start Date but on or prior to the 
Dividend Period End Date, the greater of zero  
and 
an 
amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ASP(t −1) × CSP(t) + AD(t)
CSP(t −1)
−DC(t, t −1) × CDP
Divisor
if such date falls after the Dividend Period End Date, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ASP(t −1) ×
CSP(t)
CSP(t −1)
provided that, in respect of such date, if the value of CSP (t-1) in the above 
formula is less than or equal to zero, then the Adjusted Share Price for such 
date shall be zero. 
Where: 
"AD(t)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date: 
if the Ex-Dividend Date for one or more Actual Dividends for such Share falls 
in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Observation Date 
immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Dividend Observation Date 
preceding such date, the Dividend Period Start Date) and ending on, and 
including, such date, the sum of each such Actual Dividend; or 
if no Ex-Dividend Date for any Actual Dividend for such Share falls in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Observation Date 
immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Dividend Observation Date

--- Page 280 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
281 
preceding such date, the Dividend Period Start Date) and ending on, and 
including, such date, zero; 
"ASP(t-1)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date, the Adjusted Share Price 
for such Share in respect of the Dividend Observation Date immediately preceding 
such date, or, if there is no Dividend Observation Date preceding such date, the 
Dividend Period Start Date Price; 
"CD(t)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date: 
if the Contractual Ex-Dividend Date for one or more Contractual Dividends 
for such Share falls in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend 
Observation Date immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Dividend 
Observation Date preceding such date, the Dividend Period Start Date) and 
ending on, and including, such date, the sum of each such Contractual 
Dividend; or 
if no Contractual Ex-Dividend Date for any Contractual Dividend for such 
Share falls in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend 
Observation Date immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Dividend 
Observation Date preceding such date, the Dividend Period Start Date) and 
ending on, and including, such date, zero; 
"CDP" means, in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"CDY" means, in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"CDY(t)" means, in respect of a Share, and a relevant date: 
if the "Contractual Dividend Yield" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to 
be "Standard", an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
൬1 −CDY
365൰
ୈେ(୲,୲ିଵ)
if the "Contractual Dividend Yield" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to 
be "Multiplicative", an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
൬1 −DC(t, t −1) × CDY
365
൰
"CSP(t)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date, the Closing Share Price of 
such Share in respect of such date, provided that, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share, and the Closing Share Price or the Share 
Price cannot otherwise be determined for such Share for such day using the other 
provisions in these Share Linked Conditions, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
then it shall be deemed that the CSP(t) for such Share and such day cannot be 
determined; 
"CSP(t-1)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date, the Closing Share Price of 
such Share in respect of the Dividend Observation Date immediately preceding such 
date, or, if there is no Dividend Observation Date preceding such date, the Closing 
Share Price in respect of the Dividend Period Start Date. 
"DC(t, t-1)" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant date, the number of calendar 
days falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Observation 
Date immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Dividend Observation Date

--- Page 281 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
282 
preceding such date, the Dividend Period Start Date) and ending on, and including, 
such date; 
"Divisor", means, in respect of a Share, 360 or 365, as specified for such Share in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"SAD (t)" or "Sum of Actual Dividends" means, in respect of a Share and a relevant 
date, the sum of all the Actual Dividends (if any) for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls 
in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Period Start Date and ending 
on, and including, such date; and 
"SCD (t)" or "Sum of Contractual Dividends" means, in respect of a Share and a 
relevant date, the sum of all the Contractual Dividends (if any) for which the 
Contractual Ex-Dividend Date falls in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Dividend Period Start Date and ending on, and including, such date. 
"Adjusted Share Price Applicable Date" means each day or date or type of day or date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or deemed to be an Adjusted Share Price 
Applicable Date in these Share Linked Conditions. 
"Affected Common Basket Share" and "Affected Common Basket Shares" have the meaning 
given thereto in Share Linked Condition 1.7 (Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common 
Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day) or Share Linked Condition 1.8 (Share 
Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day), as applicable. 
"Affected Share" has the meaning given thereto in Share Linked Condition 2 (Fallback 
Valuation Date). 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), provided that, if the relevant 
Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic 
Early Exercise Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number 
of Business Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business 
Days after the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), provided that, if the relevant 
Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic 
Early Redemption Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the 
number of Business Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement 
Period Business Days after the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to adjustment (as an 
Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions. 
"Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of a Share, each Initial Averaging Date or 
Averaging Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Share Linked 
Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date, due to (i) the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law and any Sanction 
Rules as if applicable to the Issuer and each of its affiliates in relation to the Securities and/or 
any related Hedge Positions) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or Clearing Systems)  of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Share Linked Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit, or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).

--- Page 282 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
283 
"Closing Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the official closing 
price of the Share (expressed in relevant Share Currency (if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) applicable to the Share) as of the Valuation Time on the Exchange on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that, if "Closing Share Price (Italian Reference 
Price)" is specified to be applicable in respect of a Share in the relevant Issue Terms, Closing 
Share Price means, in respect of such Share and any relevant day, the "Prezzo di Riferimento" 
of such Share on such day as published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading for 
such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the markets organised and 
managed by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
"Common Basket Share" and "Common Basket Shares" have the meaning given thereto in 
Share Linked Condition 1.5 (Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day), Share Linked Condition 1.6 (Share Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual Disrupted Day), Share 
Linked Condition 1.7 (Share Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day), or Share Linked Condition 1.8 (Share Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day), as the case 
may be. 
"Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share Basket comprising Common 
Basket Shares, each day which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Common Basket Shares in 
such Share Basket. 
"Common Valid Date" means, in respect of a Share Basket comprising Common Basket 
Shares, a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Share and on which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Contractual Dividend" means, in respect of a Share and a Contractual Ex-Dividend Date, the 
amount or amounts specified as such for such Share in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if no such 
amount is specified for such Share, zero. 
"Contractual Ex-Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Correction Cut-off Date" means, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to 
any date on which the price of a Share is required to be determined, the date(s) specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, or such number of Business Days as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have 
to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Share on such day, unless "Default 
Correction Cut-off Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable in respect of 
any date on which the price of such Share is required to be determined, then the "Correction 
Cut-off Date" for such Share and such date shall be the second Business Day prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer 
by reference to the price of such Share on such day. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer): (a) the Calculation Agent determines that: (i) such Shares have ceased 
to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange; (ii) it is not reasonably certain that the 
cessation is, or will be, temporary; and (iii) such Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded, 
or re-quoted on an Acceptable Exchange (for the avoidance of doubt, the suspension of trading 
in the Shares on the relevant Exchange for a period of 30 more consecutive calender days would 
constitute a Delisting); or (b) the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such 
Exchange (or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines based on publicly available 
information that), such Shares will cease to be listed, traded, or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange and the Calculation Agent determines that there is reasonable certainty that such 
Shares will not be immediately re-listed, re-traded, or re-quoted on an Acceptable Exchange. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 283 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
284 
"Dividend FX Rate" means, in respect of a Share and the Share Currency for such Share and 
any relevant date, the amount of the currency per one unit of such Share Currency, determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the official mid exchange rate of the relevant currency 
pair(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 4.00 p.m., London time, on the 
relevant date and published by Refinitiv Benchmark Services Limited (or any successor thereto 
or any alternative fixing price sponsor as selected by the Calculation Agent) on the relevant 
Reuters pages as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if such exchange rate(s) 
cannot be obtained from such Reuters pages or are otherwise not published on such date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Dividend 
FX Rate for such date based on the Calculation Agent's internal mid marks for such exchange 
rate(s) on such date. 
"Dividend Observation Date" means, in respect of a Share and the Dividend Period for such 
Share, each Scheduled Trading Day for such Share that is not a Disrupted Day for such Share 
falling within such Dividend Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent (and, unless 
specified to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms, each Dividend Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be an Adjusted Share Price Applicable Date). 
"Dividend Period" means, in respect of a Share, the period commencing on (and excluding) the 
Dividend Period Start Date in respect of such Share and ending on (and including) the Dividend 
Period End Date in respect of such Share. 
"Dividend Period End Date" means, in respect of a Share, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Dividend Period Start Date" means, in respect of a Share, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions (and, unless 
specified to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms, the Dividend Period Start Date shall be 
deemed to be an Adjusted Share Price Applicable Date). 
"Dividend Period Start Date Price" means, in respect of a Share, either of (i) or (ii) as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Closing Share Price of such Share in respect of the Dividend 
Period Start Date, or (ii) the amount set forth in the relevant Issue Terms as being the "Dividend 
Period Start Date Price" for such Share. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the relevant Exchange relating to such Share or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one-hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on 
such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution as at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Entry Level Observation Date" means, (i) in respect of a Share or a Share Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) in respect of a Share or a Share Basket, each 
Entry Level Observation Specified Date falling in the Entry Level Observation Period, (iii) in 
respect of a Share, the First Entry Level Observation Date and each of the number of Scheduled 
Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Share following the First Entry 
Level Observation Date, or (iv) in respect of a Share Basket, the First Entry Level Observation 
Date and each of the number of Common Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for all Shares in the Share Basket following the First Entry Level Observation Date, 
each as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in each case, subject to adjustment (as if each 
Entry Level Observation Date was an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with the Share 
Linked Conditions as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Period" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of a Share: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", the period 
commencing on the Entry Level Observation Period Start Date in respect of such Share,

--- Page 284 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
285 
following adjustment of such date pursuant to the Share Linked Conditions (and 
including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period Start Date, as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms) and ending on the Entry Level Observation Period End Date 
for such Share, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the Share Linked 
Conditions (and including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period End Date, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms); or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", the period 
commencing on the Entry Level Observation Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment 
of such date pursuant to the Share Linked Conditions (and including or excluding such 
Entry Level Observation Period Start Date for such Share, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and ending on the Entry Level Observation Period End Date for such 
Share, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the Share Linked 
Conditions (and including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period End Date, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), 
and in each case, where the Securities relate to a Share Basket, there shall be a separate Entry 
Level Observation Period in respect of each Share in the Share Basket. 
"Entry Level Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of a Share, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be an Initial 
Valuation Date), which shall be the last day of the Entry Level Observation Period in respect of 
such Share, and shall be included or excluded from the Entry Level Observation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of a Share, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be an Initial 
Valuation Date), which shall be the first day of the Entry Level Observation Period in respect 
of such Share, and shall be included or excluded from the Entry Level Observation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Specified Date" means, if Entry Level Observation Period is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, either (a) or (b) below as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
"Scheduled Trading Day", in respect of each Share, each Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Share falling in the Entry Level Observation Period; or 
(b)
"Common Scheduled Trading Day", in respect of each Common Basket Share, each 
Common Scheduled Trading Day falling in the Entry Level Observation Period. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms for such Share, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the 
Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Traded Fund" means an exchange traded fund specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 285 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
286 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Share and a Gross Cash Dividend or Gross Cash 
Equivalent Dividend, the date on which such Share has commenced trading ex-dividend on the 
Exchange for such Share and such Gross Cash Dividend or Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend, as 
is applicable. 
"Expected Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share Basket comprising 
Common Basket Shares, each day which is an Expected Scheduled Trading Day for all Common 
Basket Shares in such Share Basket.  
"Expected Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, for the purposes of the 
Calculation Agent's determination of the day on which a Valuation Date is scheduled to fall in 
order to calculate the amount (if any) payable or deliverable on the Maturity Date, any day 
which the Calculation Agent anticipates, as of the date that it has determined that such Valuation 
Date should be scheduled to fall, that each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions, falling in the period commencing on, and including, such date and 
ending on, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of any Share, an amount of cash and/or shares 
per such Share which the Calculation Agent determines and characterises to be an extraordinary 
dividend. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger 
Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer, a Termination of Listed Derivatives and where the 
Share is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, a NAV Publication Suspension.  
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Share and if Fallback Valuation Date is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any date on which the price of such 
Share is required to be determined, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or 
such number of Business Days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer 
by reference to the price of such Share on such day, unless "Default Fallback Valuation Date" 
is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable to any date on which the price of such Share is 
required to be determined, then the Fallback Valuation Date for such Share and such date shall 
be the second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery 
of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Share on such day. 
"First Entry Level Observation Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue 
terms, or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Share or a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Shares, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the first following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or Common Scheduled Trading Day for all Shares, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Gross Cash Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, any gross dividend amount in cash for 
one such Share that would be received by a holder of record before the withholding or deduction 
of taxes at the source by or on behalf of any relevant authority having power to tax in respect of 
such a dividend or distribution, and excludes any imputation or other credits, refunds or 
deductions granted by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a dividend 
or distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied 
thereon, provided that, if such Gross Cash Dividend is denominated in a currency other than the 
Share Currency for such Share, then the Calculation Agent shall convert the amount of such 
Gross Cash Dividend into the Reference Currency using the Dividend FX Rate on the relevant 
Ex-Dividend Date for such Gross Cash Dividend. 
"Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, an amount per Share being 
the cash value of any stock dividend (whether or not such stock dividend comprises of shares 
of the Share Issuer of such Share) declared by the Share Issuer of the Share. Where the Share 
Issuer of the Share does not declare a cash value of such stock dividend, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the closing price of the share comprising such stock 
dividend as published by the relevant primary exchange on the Ex-Dividend Date for such stock 
dividend (being "Stock Dividend Closing Price" for such Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend). If

--- Page 286 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
287 
the Stock Dividend Closing Price for a Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend is not available for any 
reason, the value of such Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Further, if such Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend is denominated in a 
currency other than the Share Currency for such Share, then the Calculation Agent shall convert 
the value of such Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend into the Share Currency on the relevant Ex-
Dividend Date for such Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of any Share, that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option 
contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the Share Linked Securities 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either Share or the Share Linked 
Securities themselves.  
"Hedge Positions" means any arrangements entered into by the Hedging Entity at any time in 
order to hedge the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Share Linked Securities 
including, without limitation, the entry into or maintenance of one or more securities, currency 
or derivatives positions, stock loan transactions or any other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any other agents thereof, as 
shall be determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of a Share, that the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared to the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Share Linked Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any such futures 
or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either a Share or the Share 
Linked Securities themselves, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment (as an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to adjustment (as a 
Reference Date) in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share and the Share Issuer, that either (a) by reason of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution, or winding-up of or 
any analogous proceeding affecting the Share Issuer, (i) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator, or other similar official, or (ii) holders of the 
Shares of such Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them; or (b) an 
Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Share Issuer. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of a Share and the Share Issuer, that the Share Issuer: (a) 
institutes, or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head office or home office, or consents to 
a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy law or similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such

--- Page 287 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
288 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such petition; and/or (b) either has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person not described in (a) above and either (i) results in a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 15 days of such institution or presentation.  
"Last Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, the Averaging Date for the Share 
scheduled to fall on the date specified as the "Last Averaging Date" in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if "Modified Postponement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Averaging Date for the Share (after any adjustments) falling latest in time shall be the Last 
Averaging Date. 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, the Initial Averaging Date for the 
Share scheduled to fall on the date specified as the "Last Initial Averaging Date" in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if "Modified Postponement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Initial Averaging Date for the Share (after any adjustments) falling latest in time 
shall be the Last Initial Averaging Date. 
"Latest Reference Date" means, in respect of a single Share and an Averaging Reference Date 
or a Reference Date, such Averaging Reference Date or Reference Date, and in respect of a 
Share Basket and an Averaging Reference Date or a Reference Date (being, for the purposes of 
this definition, the "Relevant Reference Date"): 
(a)
if, as a result of the Relevant Reference Date not being a Scheduled Trading Day for 
one or more Shares or as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Shares, the Relevant Reference Date for two or more Shares falls on different dates, 
the date corresponding to the Relevant Reference Date which is the latest to occur, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if the Relevant Reference Date for all of the Shares falls on the same date (after 
adjustment, if any, for non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days for such 
Shares), such same date corresponding to the Relevant Reference Date. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, (iii) an Early Closure, (iv) any change in national or international financial, political or 
economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls, the effect of which is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable 
or inadvisable to proceed with the calculation or determination of any amount payable or 
deliverable under the terms and conditions of the Share Linked Securities, or (v) where the Share 
is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, a NAV Temporary Publication Suspension. 
"Maturity Date" means:  
(a)
in respect of Share Linked Instruments the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and if the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of 
Business Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the Relevant Determination Date; 
(b)
in respect of Share Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and if the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the Relevant Determination Date. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means in respect of Share Linked Securities that relate to:

--- Page 288 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
289 
(a)
a single Share, eight Scheduled Trading Days; or  
(b)
a Share Basket and the relevant Issue Terms do not specify that "Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to 
any two or more Common Basket Shares, eight Scheduled Trading Days; or  
(c)
a Share Basket and the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or 
more Common Basket Shares, eight Common Scheduled Trading Days,  
or, in each case, such other number of Scheduled Trading Days or Common Scheduled Trading 
Days, as applicable (or other type of days) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Shares that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger, or binding 
share exchange of a Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger, or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal, or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the 
Share Issuer that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger, or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or 
before, (a) in the case of a Security to which Physical Settlement applies, the Physical Settlement 
Date, or (b) in any other case, the Final Reference Date or Last Averaging Date (as applicable). 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Share 
Issuer are nationalised, expropriated, or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity, or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV Publication Suspension" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity who has been delegated 
the responsibility to publish the net asset value of the Share, has failed to or will fail to, or has 
not published or will not publish, the net asset value of the Share, and such failure to publish or 
non-publication will, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, have a material effect on the Securities and will be for more than a short period and/or 
will not be of a temporary nature. 
"NAV Temporary Publication Suspension" means that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity 
who has been delegated the responsibility to publish the net asset value of each Share, fails to 
or does not publish, the net asset value of each Share, and such failure to publish or non-
publication will, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, have a material effect on the Securities. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (a) in respect of a Share Linked Security referencing a single Share and (i) an 
Observation Period that is not an Autocall Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day 
falling in the Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Share; or (ii) an Autocall Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day falling in such 
Autocall Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share,

--- Page 289 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
290 
or (b) in respect of a Share Linked Security referencing a Share Basket and (i) an Observation 
Period that is not an Autocall Observation Period, each Common Scheduled Trading Day falling 
in the Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day for any Share in 
the Share Basket; or (ii) an Autocall Observation Period, each Common Scheduled Trading Day 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day 
for any Share in the Share Basket. 
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" means, (a) in respect of a Share Linked Security 
referencing a single Share and an Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day falling in 
the Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share, or (b) 
in respect of a Share Linked Security referencing a Share Basket and an Observation Period, 
each Common Scheduled Trading Day falling in the Observation Period regardless of whether 
such day is a Disrupted Day for any Share in the Share Basket. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Share, a Barrier Observation Period, a Trigger 
Observation Period, an Autocall Observation Period or a Coupon Barrier Observation Period. 
"Options Exchange" means the exchange or quotation system specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system, to which trading in options contracts relating to the relevant Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such options contracts on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Options Exchange) or, if no such exchange or quotation 
system is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Related Exchange (if such Related Exchange 
trades options contracts relating to the relevant Share) or, if more than one such Related 
Exchange is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Related Exchange selected by the 
Calculation Agent as the primary market for listed options contracts relating to the relevant 
Share. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means 
(a)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
of the Shares by way of bonus, capitalisation, or similar issue; 
(b)
a distribution, issue, or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares, or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result 
of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights, or 
warrants, or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
an Extraordinary Dividend, unless the relevant Issue Terms provide that, for a Share, 
that "Include Extraordinary Dividends" shall be applicable, in which case, this sub-
paragraph (c) shall be deemed not to constitute a Potential Adjustment Event for such 
Share;  
(d)
a call by a Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e)
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities, or otherwise; 
(f)
in respect of a Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of such Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments, or stock rights at a 
price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that

--- Page 290 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
291 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(g)
any other event having a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of a Share, the Dividend Period Start Date, each Initial 
Valuation Date or Valuation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these 
Share Linked Conditions. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, if any, 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating 
to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange), provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share or, in any 
such case, any transferee or successor exchange of such exchange or quotation system (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given thereto in Share Linked Condition 2 (Fallback 
Valuation Date). 
"Relevant Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, and any relevant date, the Gross Cash 
Dividend or the Gross Cash Equivalent Dividend for such date, provided that, if the holders of 
record of each Share may elect between receiving a Gross Cash Dividend or a Gross Cash 
Equivalent Dividend the Relevant Dividend for such Share shall be deemed to be the Gross 
Cash Dividend. 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, sanction, 
directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions and embargo programmes, 
including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered and/or enforced, from time to time, by 
(or by any agency or other authority of) the United States, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union (or any Member State thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial 
sanctions and embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable 
to designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for such 
day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or for such day being a Disrupted Day 
for such Share, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of a Share, each Scheduled 
Averaging Date or Scheduled Initial Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Dividend Period Start Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, 
but for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or for such day being a 
Disrupted Day for such Share, would have been the Dividend Period Start Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but 
for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or for such day being a Disrupted 
Day for such Share, would have been an Initial Averaging Date.

--- Page 291 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
292 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for 
such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or for such day being a Disrupted 
Day for such Share, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of a Share, the Scheduled Dividend Period Start 
Date, each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date or Scheduled Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange for such Share specified in the relevant Issue Terms are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for such 
day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share or for such day being a Disrupted Day 
for such Share, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Share Clearance System Business 
Days following a trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event that the Calculation 
Agent determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as a result of which the 
relevant Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Share" means, in respect of an issue of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the 
share (including the share of an Exchange Traded Fund), and in respect of an issue of Share 
Linked Securities relating to a Share Basket, each share (including the share of each Exchange 
Traded Fund), in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Basket" means a basket composed of Shares, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Share Clearance System" means, in respect of a Share, the principal domestic clearance 
system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Shares on any relevant date. 
"Share Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Share Clearance System, any 
day on which such Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Share Currency" means, in respect of a Share, the currency specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, or if not specified, the currency in which the relevant price of the Share is 
denominated. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or as may otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Share Linked Securities" means Share Linked Notes or Share Linked Instruments, as the case 
may be. 
"Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the price of the Share as of the relevant time on the 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Substitute Shares" has the meaning given thereto in Share Linked Condition 3.2(d) 
(Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event). 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning given thereto in Share Linked Condition 3.2(d) 
(Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event). 
"Successor Fund" has the meaning given thereto in Share Linked Condition 6 (Delisting, 
Discontinuance or Modification of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund).

--- Page 292 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
293 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal, or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining, or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of a Share Issuer, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent determines to be relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, or, the date on which voting Shares 
in the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise 
obtained, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Termination of Listed Derivatives" means, in respect of any listed futures or options 
contracts relating to a Share (the "Listed Derivatives Contract"): 
(a) 
the termination or indefinite suspension of the Listed Derivatives Contract from listing 
on the Related Exchange and/or trading on the Relevant Exchange and/or price quotation 
on the Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
any material adjustment (as determined by the Calculation Agent) made to the Listed 
Derivatives Contract by the Related Exchange; or 
(c) 
the announcement by the Related Exchange (or other relevant entity or body, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of any of the events in (a) above (whether effective 
immediately or effective as at a date following the announcement).  
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of, or limitation imposed 
on, trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to the Share on the relevant Exchange or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, and/or in the relevant Issue Terms 
subject to adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means the time in the place as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, unless 
"Default Valuation Time" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case the "Valuation 
Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant day in 
relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 293 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
294 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Provisions for 
Index Linked Notes and Index Linked Instruments  
1. 
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days 
or Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Reference Dates 
1.2 
Single Index and Averaging Reference Dates 
1.3 
Index Basket and Reference Dates − Individual Scheduled Trading Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day 
1.4 
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates − Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day 
1.5 
Index Basket and Reference Dates − Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
1.6 
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
1.7 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
1.8 
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date 
3. 
Adjustments 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index 
3.2 
Occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event 
3.3 
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
4. 
Correction of Index Level 
5. 
Index Disclaimer 
6. 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Provisions 
6.1 
Early Redemption pursuant to the occurrence of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
Adjustment Event 
6.2 
Corrections to price of Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
7. 
Definitions  
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus which includes the risk factors in relation to the 
Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Index Linked Securities 
commencing on page 44. 
These Index Linked Provisions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Index Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Index Linked Notes are applicable.

--- Page 294 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
295 
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days 
or Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Index and Reference Dates 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Index and such Issue Terms specify "Single Index and Reference Dates" to be applicable to 
the Index (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Reference 
Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date in respect of such Index is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for such Index shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in 
respect of such Index immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day 
for such Index. In that case: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date 
for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Index; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in respect of such Index, 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be 
deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for such Index shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that the Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index 
Level of such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of such Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on such Reference Date, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date) 
and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (a) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the relevant Reference Date. 
1.2
Single Index and Averaging Reference Dates 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Index and such Issue Terms specify "Single Index and Averaging Reference Dates" to be 
applicable to the Index (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging

--- Page 295 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
296 
Reference Date in respect of such Index is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day 
and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Omission" to be applicable, then such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference Date, provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Index 
immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted 
Day for such Index. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in such 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in 
respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
(b)
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such 
Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day for such Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption in respect of such Index immediately following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for such Index. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in such 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in 
respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined in accordance 
with this Index Linked Condition 1.2 in respect of a Scheduled Averaging

--- Page 296 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
297 
Reference Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging Reference 
Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, whether 
or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also determined in 
accordance with this Index Linked Condition 1.2; 
(c)
"Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Reference Date or a Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a Disrupted Day for such 
Index; and  
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in such 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in 
respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date for such Index shall be such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in accordance with the formula for 
and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such 
Averaging Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date of each Component comprised in 
such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a 
share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference 
Date) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index and, the 
relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then "Postponement" will apply.  
1.3
Index Basket and Reference Dates − Individual Scheduled Trading Day and Individual 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 297 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
298 
and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the Indices (and, if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to 
such Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled 
Reference Date in respect of any Index in the Index Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day or 
is a Disrupted Day for such Index, then: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Reference Date for an Index 
is a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for 
such Index shall be such Scheduled Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Reference Date for an Index 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for such 
Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day for such Index. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in such 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in 
respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of such Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for such Index shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level 
of such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date in accordance 
with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of such Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date of each Component comprised in such 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a 
share on such Reference Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date) and, in respect 
of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(c) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of 
the relevant Reference Date; 
1.4
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates − Individual Scheduled Trading Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the Indices (and, if the Issue Terms specify

--- Page 298 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
299 
that this provision shall apply to particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall 
apply to such Averaging Reference Dates only), and, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date in respect of any Index in the Index Basket is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Omission" to be applicable, such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference 
Date for each Index in the Index Basket, provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then the sole Averaging 
Reference Date for such Indices shall be determined by reference to the final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date as follows: 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Index 
shall be such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Averaging Reference Date for 
such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the 
final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such 
Index immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day for such Index. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) and, in respect of each Index, such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed 
to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then: 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Index shall 
be such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, then the Averaging Reference Date for such Index 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a

--- Page 299 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
300 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Index, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Index 
immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) and, in respect of each Index, such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed 
to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date). For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Averaging Reference Date determined in accordance with this Index 
Linked Condition 1.4 in respect of a Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging Reference 
Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, 
whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also 
determined in accordance with this Index Linked Condition 1.4; 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then: 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such Index shall 
be such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each Index in the Index Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Averaging Reference Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date for such Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
for such Index has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Reference Date or a 
Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Index, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using, the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the

--- Page 300 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
301 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed 
to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Index in the Index Basket shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in accordance with the 
formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of such Averaging Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be deemed to be the Index Level 
at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
and 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index in the Index 
Basket and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then 
"Postponement" will apply.  
1.5
Index Basket and Reference Dates − Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Indices (such Indices 
being "Common Basket Indices" and each a "Common Basket Index" for the purposes of this 
Index Linked Condition 1.5) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled 
Reference Date; 
(b)
if (i) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Indices, or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Common Basket Index, in which case the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date, provided that if 
such Common Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Indices, then, in respect of (i) and (ii), the following provisions shall apply:

--- Page 301 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
302 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled Trading 
Day is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index, then the Reference 
Date for such Common Basket Index shall be such Common Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled Trading 
Day is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index, then the Reference Date 
for such Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day which the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day 
for such Common Basket Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that 
each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Common 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index. 
In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Reference Date for such Common Basket Index, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket 
Index; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such 
Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of, calculating such Common Basket Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has 
occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a share on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, in respect 
of such Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (2) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date), 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then 
the Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date 
is not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any 
Common Basket Index, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index 
Level of such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Reference Date in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Reference 
Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Reference Date of each Component comprised in such Index 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component 
that is a share on such Reference Date, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference 
Date) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (C) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date.

--- Page 302 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
303 
1.6
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Indices (such Indices 
being "Common Basket Indices" and each a "Common Basket Index" for the purposes of this 
Index Linked Condition 1.6) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Index, then the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be 
such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Indices, the following provisions shall apply: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Omission" to be applicable, such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index, provided that, if 
through the operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging 
Reference Dates, then the sole Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Index shall be determined by reference to the final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date as follows: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index, then the sole 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be 
such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; 
if (1) the Calculation Agent determines that such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but 
is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, or (2) 
the Calculation Agent determines that such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Common Basket Index, in which case the sole Averaging Reference 
Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such final Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date (the final Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date, following adjustment of such date owing to such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Final Averaging 
Reference Date"), provided that if such Common Scheduled Trading 
Day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, 
then, in respect of (1) or (2), the following provisions shall apply: 
(1)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common 
Basket Index, then the sole Averaging Reference Date for 
such Common Basket Index shall be the Final Averaging 
Reference Date; and 
(2)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket 
Index, then the sole Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Final Averaging

--- Page 303 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
304 
Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not 
a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Final 
Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for such 
Common Basket Index. In that case: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for 
such Common Basket Index, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Common Basket Index; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index 
Level of such Common Basket Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of, calculating such 
Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Component comprised in such 
Common Basket Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect 
of any relevant Component that is a share on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and, 
in respect of such Common Basket Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (y) shall be deemed to be the Index 
Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of 
the relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then if 
(A) the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day 
for one or more Common Basket Indices, or (B) the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for any Common Basket Index, in which case the Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date (such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, following 
adjustment of such date owing to such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date"), provided that if such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, 
then, in respect of (A) and (B), the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index, 
then the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Index 
shall be such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date; and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Index shall

--- Page 304 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
305 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such 
Adjusted Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index. 
In that case: 
(1)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index; and 
(2)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of 
such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating 
such Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
Component comprised in such Common Basket Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is a share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) and, in respect of each Common Basket Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date).  
For the avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined 
in accordance with this Index Linked Condition 1.6 in respect of a 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date may fall on the same day that 
another Averaging Reference Date in respect of another Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date falls, whether or not such latter Averaging 
Reference Date was also determined in accordance with this Index 
Linked Condition 1.6; 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Modified Postponement" to be 
applicable, then if (A) the Calculation Agent determines that such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Scheduled Trading Day but is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, or (B) such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Common Basket Index, in which case the Averaging Reference Date for each 
Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day on which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not 
deemed to occur immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date (such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, following adjustment of such date 
owing to such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable, the "Adjusted Averaging Reference 
Date"), provided that if such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, then, in respect of 
(A) and (B), the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index,

--- Page 305 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
306 
then the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Index 
shall be such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date; and  
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Index, then 
the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket 
Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date for such Common 
Basket Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date for such Common 
Basket Index has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date, then: 
(1)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Index; and 
(2)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of 
such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating 
such Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using, the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
Component comprised in such Common Basket Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is a share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) and, in respect of such Common Basket Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for any 
Common Basket Index, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of 
such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging 
Reference Date in accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such 
Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Averaging 
Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Averaging Reference Date of each Component comprised in such 
Common Basket Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date) and, in respect of such Common Basket Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be deemed 
to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date); and

--- Page 306 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
307 
(d)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Common 
Basket Index and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then 
"Postponement" will apply.  
1.7
Index Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Indices (such Indices being 
"Common Basket Indices" and each a "Common Basket Index" for the purposes of this Index 
Linked Condition 1.7) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled 
Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for any Common Basket Index or is a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day and a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index, then the Reference 
Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Common Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following such Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Indices. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
such Reference Date for each Common Basket Index, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, 
(such Common Basket Indices being "Affected Common Basket Indices" 
for such Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Index being an 
"Affected Common Basket Index" for such Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Index other than an Affected Common Basket 
Index, the relevant Index Level shall be determined by reference to the 
relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the applicable Valuation 
Time on such last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Index Level of such Affected Common Basket Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such 
Affected Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has 
occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a share on that last 
consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that 
last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day) and, in respect of such 
Affected Common Basket Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (iii) shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of such Reference Date),

--- Page 307 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
308 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled Reference 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index, and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Index Level of such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Reference Date in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Reference Date, 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Reference Date of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred 
in respect of any relevant Component that is a share on such Reference Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be deemed to be the Index Level 
at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date. 
1.8
Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day 
Where the Index Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an Index 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Indices (such Indices being 
"Common Basket Indices" and each a "Common Basket Index" for the purposes of this Index 
Linked Condition 1.8) (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
particular Averaging Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Averaging 
Reference Dates only), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Index, then the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be 
such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Common Basket Index or is a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day that is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Index and, if 
the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
"Omission" to be applicable, such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will 
be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Index, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then the sole Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such final Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date which the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day for any Common Basket Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Indices. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the sole Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Common Basket Indices, (such Common Basket 
Indices being "Affected Common Basket Indices" for such 
Averaging Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Index 
being an "Affected Common Basket Index" for such Averaging 
Reference Date);

--- Page 308 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
309 
for each Common Basket Index other than an Affected Common 
Basket Index, the relevant Index Level shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the 
applicable Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Index Level of such Affected Common Basket Index 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of, calculating such Affected Common Basket Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day of each 
Component comprised in such Common Basket Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day) and, in respect of 
such Affected Common Basket Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (C) shall be deemed to 
be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Averaging Reference Date for 
each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Common Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Indices. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Indices, (such Common Basket Indices being "Affected 
Common Basket Indices" for such Averaging Reference Date, and each such 
Common Basket Index being an "Affected Common Basket Index" for such 
Averaging Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Index other than an Affected Common Basket 
Index, the relevant Index Level shall be determined by reference to the 
relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the applicable Valuation 
Time on such last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Index Level of such Affected Common Basket Index as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such 
Affected Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Common Basket Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 
(Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a 
share on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day) and, in

--- Page 309 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
310 
respect of such Affected Common Basket Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (C) shall be deemed to be the 
Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined in 
accordance with this Index Linked Condition 1.8 in respect of a Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date may fall on the same day that another Averaging 
Reference Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
falls, whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date was also 
determined in accordance with this Index Linked Condition 1.8; 
"Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be the first succeeding 
Common Valid Date immediately following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date. If the first succeeding Common Valid Date has not occurred 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive Common Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already an 
Averaging Reference Date or is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Indices, (such Common Basket Indices being 
"Affected Common Basket Indices" for such Averaging Reference 
Date, and each such Common Basket Index being an "Affected 
Common Basket Index" for such Averaging Reference Date);  
for each Common Basket Index other than an Affected Common 
Basket Index, the relevant Index Level shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the 
applicable Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Index Level of such Affected Common Basket Index 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of, calculating such Affected Common Basket Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day of each 
Component comprised in such Affected Common Basket Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on that last consecutive Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Scheduled Trading Day) and, in respect of 
each Affected Common Basket Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (C) shall be deemed to 
be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Index shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one

--- Page 310 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
311 
or more Common Basket Indices, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index 
Level of such Common Basket Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date in accordance with the formula for and method of, 
calculating such Common Basket Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such 
Averaging Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date of each Component comprised in 
such Common Basket Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date) and, in respect of such Common Basket Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be deemed 
to be the Index Level at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Reference Date); and 
(d)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Common 
Basket Index and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then 
"Postponement" will apply.  
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of these Index Linked Conditions (subject as provided in Index 
Linked Condition 6 if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract Provisions" to be applicable), if a Fallback Valuation Date is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Reference Date (any such date 
being, for the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 2, a "Relevant Date") for an Index, and 
if, following adjustment of such Relevant Date pursuant to Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days or 
Disrupted Days) above (for the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 2, an "Affected 
Index") the Relevant Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Valuation Date in 
respect of such Affected Index, then such Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such 
Relevant Date for such Affected Index. 
If such Fallback Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected Index, as the case may be, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Affected Index as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Fallback Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and method 
of, calculating such Affected Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Fallback Valuation Date of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is a share on such Fallback Valuation Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Fallback Valuation Date) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2 shall be deemed to be the Index Level at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date or Averaging Reference Date. 
3.
Adjustments 
3.1
Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index  
If an Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (a "Successor 
Index Sponsor") or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation 
as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case such index (the "Successor Index") 
will be deemed to be the Index.

--- Page 311 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
312 
3.2
Occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an Index that, (a) on or prior to any Reference 
Date, Averaging Reference Date, Observation Date or other relevant date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, if applicable, makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant Index, or in any other 
way materially modifies such Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain such Index in the event of changes in the Components, capitalisation and/or 
other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and 
no Successor Index exists as at the date of such cancellation (an "Index Cancellation"), (b) on 
any Reference Date, Averaging Reference Date, Observation Date or other relevant date, the 
Index Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, if applicable, fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an "Index Disruption", provided that, in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, 
the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event instead results in the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, or (c) on or prior to any Reference Date, Averaging Reference 
Date, Observation Date or other relevant date, an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has 
occurred in respect of a relevant Index, and, if in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence 
specified in respect of any such Index Adjustment Event is: 
(a)
"Calculation Agent Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Index Linked Securities and, if so, 
shall calculate the relevant Index Level using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, 
the level for such Index as at the Valuation Time on that Reference Date, Averaging 
Reference Date, Observation Date or other relevant date, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for, and method 
of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event, 
but using only those Components that comprised such Index immediately prior to such 
Index Adjustment Event (other than those Components that have since ceased to be 
listed on the relevant Exchange); 
(b)
"Index Substitution", then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Index Linked Securities, and, if so, the 
Calculation Agent may rebase the Index Linked Securities against another index or 
basket of indices, as applicable, selected by the Calculation Agent to be reasonably 
comparable to the relevant Index, and, following such rebasing, the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms of the Index Linked Securities to account for such rebasing; or 
(c)
"Related Exchange Adjustment", then following each adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment, or other terms of options or futures contracts on the Index traded 
on any Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make the appropriate 
adjustments, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Index Linked Securities, 
including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment 
under the Index Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, 
which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options 
Exchange. If options or futures contracts on the Index are not traded on the Options 
Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of the terms of such Index Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable 
or term relevant to the settlement or payment under such Index Linked Securities, as 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, with reference to the rules of and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange, to account for any event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options or futures contracts were so traded; 
provided that if: 
it (I) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (II) would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements for the Calculation Agent, to perform the actions

--- Page 312 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
313 
prescribed in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time); or 
the Calculation Agent determines that none of paragraphs (i), (ii) or 
(iii) above, as is applicable, would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Holders,  
on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case 
may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Index Linked Securities in whole but not 
in part, each Index Linked Security taking into account such Index Adjustment 
Event, being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled 
Early Repayment Amount of such Index Linked Security, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be.  
3.3
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Index Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term 
relevant to the settlement or payment under such Index Linked Securities, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional Disruption 
Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Index Linked Securities by giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Index Linked Securities are so 
redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Index Linked 
Security held by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment 
Amount of such Index Linked Security, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event , as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
4.
Correction of Index Level 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Correction of Index Level" to be applicable for an 
Index, then, in the event that any Index Level published by the Index Sponsor on any date which 
is utilised for any calculation or determination is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published, by the Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the 
Calculation Agent will make any determination or determine the amount that is payable or 
deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust any relevant 
terms of the Index Linked Securities to account for such correction, provided that, if a Correction 
Cut-off Date is applicable for a relevant Index for any relevant date, corrections published after 
such Correction Cut-off Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining or calculating any relevant amount, and/or whether any event specified in the 
Conditions has occurred. 
5.
Index Disclaimer 
If "Index Disclaimer" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to an Index, then 
each of the Issuer and the Holders agrees and acknowledges, in respect of such Index, that the 
Index Linked Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Index or the 
Index Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or

--- Page 313 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
314 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at 
which the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or 
Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error 
in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error 
therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Index 
Linked Securities. The Issuer shall have no liability to the Holders for any act or failure to act 
by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of the 
Index. None of the Issuer , the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition, or dissemination of the Indices. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, their affiliates, or 
the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information 
concerning the Index. 
6.
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Provisions  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Provisions" 
to be applicable, the following terms shall apply, and Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences 
of Non-Scheduled Trading Days, Non-Common Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) 
shall not apply, save in relation to determining the Final Index Level, if applicable: 
6.1
Early Redemption pursuant to the occurrence of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
Adjustment Event 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Provisions" 
shall be applicable then following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract Adjustment Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to 
the settlement or payment under the Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Adjustment Event, 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities by giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note 
Condition 20 (Notices), as applicable. If the Securities are so redeemed in whole, the 
Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by such Holder an 
amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of the Security, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as applicable.  
6.2
Corrections to price of Index-Linked Derivatives Contract  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Provisions" 
shall be applicable then in the event that the relevant price of an Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract which is utilised for any calculation or determination in relation to such Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
Derivatives Exchange no later than the second Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Calculation Agent will make any determination or determine the amount that is payable or 
deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust any relevant 
terms of the Securities to account for such correction. 
7.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Index 
Linked Securities to which these Index Linked Conditions apply:

--- Page 314 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
315 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging (each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Adjusted Index Level" or "AIL" means, in respect of an Index and a relevant date: 
(a)
if the "Adjusted Index Level Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
"Decrement in Point", an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Max ቈ0 ; ቆAIL (t −1) ×
CIL (t)
CIL (t −1) −Decrement × 
n
Day Count Divisorቇ቉; or
(b)
if the "Adjusted Index Level Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
"Decrement in Percentage 1", an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
AIL (t −1) ×
CIL (t)
CIL (t −1) × ൬1 −
Decrement 
Day Count Divisor൰
୬
; or
(c)
if the "Adjusted Index Level Type" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
"Decrement in Percentage 2", an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
AIL (t −1) ×
CIL (t)
CIL (t −1) × ൬1 −n ×
Decrement 
Day Count Divisor൰
"Adjusted Index Level (t-1)" or "AIL (t-1)" means, in respect of an Index and a relevant date, 
the Adjusted Index Level for such Index in respect of the Decrement Index Level Observation 
Date immediately preceding such date, or, if there is no Decrement Index Level Observation 
Date immediately preceding such date, the Decrement Index Level Period Start Date Level of 
such Index. 
"Adjusted Index Level Applicable Date" means each day or date or type of day or date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or deemed to be an Adjusted Index Level 
Applicable Date in these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities and an Index or a 
Relevant Benchmark, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
any of the following events in respect of such Index or such Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of an Index or the administrator or sponsor 
of an Index or a Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, 
or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority 
or other relevant official body, or any prohibition by a relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Index or the Relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b) 
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Index or any other means of 
calculating the Index or the Relevant Benchmark, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent ("Material Methodology Change Event"). 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of an Index or a Relevant 
Benchmark, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be:  
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the Index and/or the Relevant Benchmarl may no longer be used under

--- Page 315 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
316 
any applicable law or regulation by Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
and/or any other relevant entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Securities; or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the Index and/or the 
Relevant Benchmark becomes effective, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Strike Date, the Strike Date. 
"Affected Common Basket Index" and "Affected Common Basket Indices" have the 
meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 1.7 (Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day) or Index Linked Condition 1.8 
(Index Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day), as applicable. 
"Affected Index" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 2 (Fallback 
Valuation Date). 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), provided that, if the relevant 
Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic 
Early Exercise Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number 
of Business Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business 
Days after the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), provided that, if the relevant 
Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic 
Early Redemption Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the 
number of Business Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement 
Period Business Days after the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date. 
"Averaging Date" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the 
Conditions, subject to adjustment (as an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these 
Index Linked Conditions. 
"Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of an Index, each Initial Averaging Date or 
Averaging Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date, due to (i) the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law and any Sanction 
Rules as if applicable to the Issuer and each of its affiliates in relation to the Securities and/or 
any related Hedge Positions) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or Clearing Systems) of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Index Linked Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit, or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).  
"Closing Index Level" means in respect of an Index and any relevant day, the official closing 
level of the Index (expressed in relevant Index Currency (if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) applicable to the Index) as at the Valuation Time on such relevant day as calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Closing Index Level (t)" or "CIL(t)" means, in respect of an Index and a relevant date, the 
Closing Index Level of the Index on such date, provided that, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index, and the Closing Index Level or the Index

--- Page 316 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
317 
Level cannot otherwise be determined for such Index for such day using the other provisions of 
the Index Linked Conditions, then it shall be deemed that the CIL(t) for such day cannot be 
determined. 
"Closing Index Level (t-1)" or "CIL (t-1)" means, in respect of an Index and a relevant date, 
the Closing Index Level for such Index in respect of the Decrement Index Level Observation 
Date immediately preceding such date, or, if there is no Decrement Index Level Observation 
Date immediately preceding such date, the Closing Index Level of such Index in respect of the 
Decrement Index Level Period Start Date. 
"Common Basket Index" and "Common Basket Indices" have the meaning given thereto in 
Index Linked Condition 1.5 (Index Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day), Index Linked Condition 1.6 (Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day but Individual Disrupted Day), Index 
Linked Condition 1.7 (Index Basket and Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day), or Index Linked Condition 1.8 (Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day), as the case 
may be.  
"Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index Basket comprising 
Common Basket Indices, each day which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Common Basket 
Indices in such Index Basket. 
"Common Valid Date" means, in respect of an Index Basket comprising Common Basket 
Indices, a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Index and on which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Component" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any share, 
security, commodity, rate, index or other component included in such Index, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
"Component Clearance System" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, the principal 
domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Component on 
any relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Component Clearance 
System, any day on which such Component Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of 
a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Correction Cut-off Date" means, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to 
any date on which the price of an Index is required to be determined, the date(s) specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, or such number of Business Days as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Index on such day, unless 
"Default Correction Cut-off Date" is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable in respect of 
any date on which the price of such Index is required to be determined, then the Correction Cut-
off Date for such Index and such date shall be the second Business Day prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer 
by reference to the price of such Index on such day. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract and any 
day, the official settlement price of the relevant Index-Linked Derivatives Contract (howsoever 
described under the rules of the relevant Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house) for such 
day published by the Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Day Count Divisor"" means, in respect of an Index, either of (i) or (ii) as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: (i) 360, or (ii) 365. 
"Derivatives Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, any successor to such

--- Page 317 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
318 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in the Index-Linked Derivatives Contract has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Derivatives Exchange). 
"Decrement" means, in respect of an Index, the amount or percentage as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Index. 
"Decrement Index Level Observation Date" means, in respect of an Index and the Decrement 
Index Level Period for such Index, each Scheduled Trading Day for such Index that is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Index falling within such Decrement Index Level Period, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (and, unless specified to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Decrement Index Level Observation Date shall be deemed to be an Adjusted Index Level 
Applicable Date). 
"Decrement Index Level Period" means, in respect of an Index, the period commencing on 
(and excluding) the Decrement Index Level Period Start Date in respect of such Index and 
ending on (and including) the Decrement Index Level Period End Date in respect of such Index. 
"Decrement Index Level Period End Date" means, in respect of an Index, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Decrement Index Level Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Index, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, 
subject to adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions 
(and, unless specified to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms, the Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date shall be deemed to be an Adjusted Index Level Applicable Date). 
"Decrement Index Level Period Start Date Level" means, in respect of an Index, either of (i) 
or (ii) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) the Closing Index Level of such Index in 
respect of the Decrement Index Level Period Start Date, or (ii) the amount set forth in the 
relevant Issue Terms as being the "Decrement Index Level Period Start Date Level" for such 
Index. 
"Disrupted Day" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange 
or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
(ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index (provided that the Calculation Agent 
may, in its discretion, determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of an 
Index Disruption), (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
"Early Closure" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least 
one-hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or  
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day with respect 
to such Multi-Exchange Index of the Exchange in respect of any Component, or the 
Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one-

--- Page 318 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
319 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution as at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Entry Level Observation Date" means, in respect of (i) an Index or an Index Basket, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) an Index or an Index Basket, each Entry 
Level Observation Specified Date falling in the Entry Level Observation Period, (iii) in respect 
of an Index or an Index Basket, the First Entry Level Observation Date and each of the number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Index following the 
First Entry Level Observation Date, or (iv) in respect of an Index Basket, the First Entry Level 
Observation Date and each of the number of Common Scheduled Trading Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for all Indices in the Index Basket following the First Entry Level 
Observation Date, each as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in each case, subject to 
adjustment (as if each Entry Level Observation Date were an Averaging Reference Date) in 
accordance with the Index Linked Conditions as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Period" if specified to be applicable, means, in respect of an Index: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "Extension", the period 
commencing on the Entry Level Observation Period Start Date in respect of such Index, 
following adjustment of such date pursuant to the Index Linked Conditions (and 
including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period Start Date, as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms) and ending on the Entry Level Observation Period End Date 
for such Index, following adjustment of such date pursuant to the Index Linked 
Conditions (and including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period End Date, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms); or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence of "No Extension", the period 
commencing on the Entry Level Observation Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment 
of such date pursuant to the Index Linked Conditions (and including or excluding such 
Entry Level Observation Period Start Date for such Index, as specified in the relevant 
Issue  Terms) and ending on the Entry Level Observation Period End Date for such 
Index, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to the Index Linked 
Conditions (and including or excluding such Entry Level Observation Period End Date, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), 
and in each case, where the Securities relate to an Index Basket, there shall be a separate Entry 
Level Observation Period in respect of each Index in the Index Basket. 
"Entry Level Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of an Index, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which date may, for the avoidance of doubt, be an Initial 
Valuation Date), which shall be the last day of the Entry Level Observation Period in respect of 
such Index, and shall be included or excluded from the Entry Level Observation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Index, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which date may, for the avoidance of doubt, be an Initial 
Valuation Date), which shall be the first day of the Entry Level Observation Period in respect 
of such Index, and shall be included or excluded from the Entry Level Observation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Entry Level Observation Specified Date" means, if Entry Level Observation Period is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, either (a) or (b) below as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
"Scheduled Trading Day", in respect of each Index, each Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Index falling in the Entry Level Observation Period; or

--- Page 319 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
320 
(b)
"Common Scheduled Trading Day", in respect of each Common Basket Index, each 
Common Scheduled Trading Day falling in the Entry Level Observation Period. 
"Exchange" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Unitary Index, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
the Components underlying such Unitary Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
the Components underlying such Unitary Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange on which any Component of such Multi-
Exchange Index is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, principally traded, 
or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such Exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
the Components underlying such Multi-Exchange Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
to the Components underlying such Multi-Exchange Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange for such Unitary Index are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange for 
such Unitary Index closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor calculates and publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (ii) the 
Related Exchange for such Multi-Exchange Index is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange for such Multi-Exchange Index 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) any Component(s) on any relevant 
Exchange that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Unitary Index or (ii) 
futures or options contracts relating to such Unitary Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component on the 
relevant Exchange in respect of such Component or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to such Multi-Exchange Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
"Expected Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index Basket 
comprising Common Basket Indices, each day which is an Expected Scheduled Trading Day 
for all Common Basket Indices in such Index Basket.  
"Expected Scheduled Trading Day" means, for the purposes of the Calculation Agent's 
determination of the day on which a Valuation Date is scheduled to fall in order to calculate the 
amount (if any) payable or deliverable on the Maturity Date:  
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, any day on which the Calculation Agent anticipates, 
as of the date that it has determined that such Valuation Date should be scheduled to 
fall, that each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Unitary Index specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective

--- Page 320 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
321 
regular trading sessions, falling in the period commencing on, and including, such date 
and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on the Calculation Agent anticipates, 
as of the date that it has determined that such Valuation Date should be scheduled to 
fall, that (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange 
Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for such Multi-Exchange Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session falling in the period commencing on, 
and including, such date and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index and if Fallback Valuation Date is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any date on which the level of such 
Index is required to be determined, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or 
such number of Business Days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer 
by reference to the level of such Index on such day, unless "Default Fallback Valuation Date" 
is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable to any date on which the level of such Index is 
required to be determined, then the Fallback Valuation Date for such Index and such date shall 
be the second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery 
of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the level of such Index on such day. 
"Final Index Level" means an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
where the "Index Multiplier" is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, multiplied by the 
Index Multiplier. 
"Final Reference Price" means, in respect of the relevant Index-Linked Derivatives Contract:  
(a)
if the Final Settlement Price in respect of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract is 
published by the Derivatives Exchange on the Scheduled Valuation Date 
corresponding to the relevant Valuation Date, such Final Settlement Price; or 
(b)
if the Final Settlement Price is not published by the Derivatives Exchange in respect of 
the Index-Linked Derivatives Contract on the Scheduled Valuation Date corresponding 
to the relevant Valuation Date, but the Daily Settlement Price in respect of the 
Scheduled Valuation Date corresponding to the relevant Valuation Date is published 
by the Derivatives Exchange on such Scheduled Valuation Date, such Daily Settlement 
Price, provided that if neither the Final Settlement Price nor the Daily Settlement Price 
in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Date corresponding to the relevant Valuation 
Date is published (whether or not this results from trading in the Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract not commencing or being permanently discontinued at any time 
on or prior to the Scheduled Valuation Date), the Final Index Level shall be deemed to 
be the Final Reference Price for such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract and any 
day, the final official settlement price of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract (howsoever 
described under the rules of the relevant Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house) for such 
day published by the Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house. 
"First Entry Level Observation Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue 
terms, or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an Index or a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Indices, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the first following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Index or Common Scheduled Trading Day for all Indices, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" means any arrangements entered into by the Hedging Entity at any time in 
order to hedge the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Index Linked Securities 
including, without limitation, the entry into or maintenance of one or more securities, currency 
or derivatives positions, stock loan transactions or any other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described).

--- Page 321 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
322 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of any Index, that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option 
contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the Index Linked Securities 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either an Index or the Index 
Linked Securities themselves.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of Index, that the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared to the 
Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage commissions or selling 
commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, the equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Index Linked Securities, or (b) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any such futures or options contract(s) 
or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either an Index or the Index Linked Securities 
themselves, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, the index or indices specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" meansfor any Index, each of an Index Cancellation, an Index 
Disruption, an Index Modification and an Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
"Index Basket" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, a basket composed of Indices, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Cancellation" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 3.2 
(Occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event). 
"Index Currency" means, in respect of an Index, the currency specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, or if not specified, the currency which the relevant level of the Index is reported 
or published, if applicable. 
"Index Disruption" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 3.2 (Occurrence 
of an Index Adjustment Event). 
"Index Level" means in respect of an Index, the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the relevant time on the relevant date, as calculated and published by 
the relevant Index Sponsor provided that, where the Underlying Asset is an Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract, the official closing level of the Index as at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant date as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor.  
"Index-Linked Derivatives Contract" means any futures, options or other derivatives contract 
relating to one or more Indices as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Adjustment Event" means, and shall have occurred if, 
the Calculation Agent determines that, any term of the relevant Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract is changed or modified by the Derivatives Exchange (including if it is permanently 
discontinued), and the Calculation Agent determines that such change or modification could 
have a material effect on the Securities.

--- Page 322 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
323 
"Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Price" means in respect of an Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract and any day: 
(a)
the last traded price of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract on the Derivatives 
Exchange in respect of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract on such day; 
(b)
if the price referred to in (a) above is not available on such day, then the Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract Price shall be the arithmetic mean of the last bid price and the last 
offer price of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract on the Derivatives Exchange on 
such day; 
(c)
if (i) the price referred to in (a) above is not available on such day and (ii) one or both 
of the last bid price and/or the last offer price of such Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract on the Derivatives Exchange are also not available on such day, then the 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract Price shall be the Daily Settlement Price of such 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract for such day; and 
(d)
if none of the prices referred to in (a), (b) or (c) is available on such day, then the Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract Price shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Linked Securities" means Index Linked Notes or Index Linked Instruments, as the case 
may be. 
"Index Modification" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 3.2 
(Occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event). 
"Index Multiplier" means, in respect of the relevant Valuation Date and an Index, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion by reference to the realised dividend yield 
of the relevant Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means, for any Index, the entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if 
not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the 
Conditions, subject to adjustment (as an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these 
Index Linked Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the 
Conditions, subject to adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions; 
"Last Averaging Date" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, the 
Averaging Date for the Index specified as the "Last Averaging Date" in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if "Modified Postponement" is specified to be applicable in respect of the Averaging Dates 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Averaging Date for the Index (after any adjustments) falling 
latest in time shall be the Last Averaging Date; 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, 
the Initial Averaging Date for the Index specified as the "Last Initial Averaging Date" in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if "Modified Postponement" is specified to be applicable in respect of 
the Initial Averaging Dates in the relevant Issue Terms, the Initial Averaging Date for the Index 
(after any adjustments) falling latest in time shall be the Last Initial Averaging Date; or, the 
Initial Averaging Date for the Index (after any adjustments) falling latest in time shall be the 
Last Initial Averaging Date.

--- Page 323 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
324 
"Latest Reference Date" means: 
(a)
in respect of a single Index and an Averaging Reference Date or a Reference Date, such 
Averaging Reference Date or Reference Date, and in respect of an Index Basket and 
an Averaging Reference Date or a Reference Date (being, for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Reference Date"): 
if, as a result of the Relevant Reference Date not being a Scheduled Trading 
Day for one or more Indices or as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Indices, the Relevant Reference Date for two or more 
Indices falls on different dates, the date corresponding to the Relevant 
Reference Date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
if the Relevant Reference Date for all of the Indices falls on the same date 
(after adjustment, if any, for non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days 
for such Indices), such same date corresponding to the Relevant Reference 
Date; or 
(b)
in respect of a single Index-Linked Derivatives Contract and a Reference Date, such 
Reference Date, and in respect of an Index Basket comprising Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contracts and a Reference Date, the date corresponding to the Reference 
Date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Market Disruption Event" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of any 
Unitary Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component included in such Unitary Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of such Component to the level of such Unitary Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Unitary Index attributable to such 
Component) and (y) the overall level of such Unitary Index, in each case immediately 
before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index:  
Either:  
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; 
(an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during the one-
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; or 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component;  
and 
the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Multi-Exchange Index;

--- Page 324 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
325 
or 
(c)
the occurrence or existence, in each case in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to such Multi-Exchange Index, of (I) a Trading Disruption, or (II) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the 
Related Exchange, or (III) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect 
of a Multi-Exchange Index at any time, if an Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption, 
or a Trading Disruption occurs in respect of a Component at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component to the level of such Multi-Exchange Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Multi-Exchange 
Index attributable to that Component and (y) the overall level of such Multi-Exchange 
Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event; or 
(d)
any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or 
currency exchange rates or exchange controls, the effect of which is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, so material and adverse as to make it 
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the calculation or determination of any 
amount payable or deliverable under the terms and conditions of the Index Linked 
Securities. 
"Maturity Date" means:  
(a)
in respect of Index Linked Instruments the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and if the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of 
Business Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the Relevant Determination Date; 
(b)
in respect of Index Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and if the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the Relevant Determination Date. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means in respect of Index Linked Securities that relate to:  
(a)
a single Index, eight Scheduled Trading Days; or  
(b)
an Index Basket and the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to 
any two or more Common Basket Indices, eight Scheduled Trading Days; or  
(c)
an Index Basket and the relevant Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or 
more Common Basket Indices, eight Common Scheduled Trading Days,  
or, in each case, such other number of Scheduled Trading Days or Common Scheduled Trading 
Days, as applicable (or other type of days) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if 
not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"n" means, in respect of an Index and a relevant date, the number of calendar days falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Decrement Index Level Observation Date 
immediately preceding such date (or, if there is no Decrement Index Level Observation Date

--- Page 325 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
326 
immediately preceding such date, the Decrement Index Level Period Start Date) and ending on, 
and including, such date. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms (a) in respect of an Index Linked Security referencing a single Index and (i) an 
Observation Period which is not an Autocall Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day for such Index falling in the Observation Period; or (ii) an Autocall 
Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day falling in such Autocall Observation Period 
which is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, or (b) in respect of an Index Linked Security 
referencing an Index Basket and (i) an Observation Period which is not an Autocall Observation 
Period, each Common Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for any Index in 
the Index Basket falling in the Observation Period; or (ii) an Autocall Observation Period, each 
Common Scheduled Trading Day falling in such Autocall Observation Period which is not a 
Disrupted Day for any Index in the Index Basket. 
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" means, (i) in respect of an Index Linked Security 
referencing a single Index and an Observation Period, each Scheduled Trading Day falling in 
the Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day for such Index, or (ii) 
in respect of an Index Linked Security referencing an Index Basket and an Observation Period, 
each Common Scheduled Trading Day falling in the Observation Period regardless of whether 
such day is a Disrupted Day for any Index in the Index Basket. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Index, a Barrier Observation Period, a Trigger 
Observation Period, an Autocall Observation Period or a Coupon Barrier Observation Period. 
"Options Exchange" means the exchange or quotation system specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system, to which trading in options contracts relating to the relevant Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such options contracts on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Options Exchange) or, if no such exchange or quotation 
system is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Related Exchange (if such Related Exchange 
trades options contracts relating to the relevant Index) or, if more than one such Related 
Exchange is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Related Exchange selected by the 
Calculation Agent as the primary market for listed options contracts relating to the relevant 
Index. 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of an Index, each Initial Valuation Date or Valuation Date, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Related Exchange" means for any Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or 
quotation system, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures 
or options contracts relating to such Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange 
Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, or, in any such 
case, any transferee or successor exchange of such exchange or quotation system (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures 
or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Index Linked Securities, a Reference Rate or 
any rate, level, value or other figure in respect of one or more Underlying Assets utilised in 
order to determine the Rate of Interest, Floating Rate Coupon, Redemption Amount, Final 
Instalment Amount, Physical Settlement Amount or any other amount payable or asset 
deliverable under the Securities.

--- Page 326 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
327 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 2 (Fallback 
Valuation Date). 
"Relevant Screen Page" or "Relevant Screen Pages" means the Bloomberg Page or the 
Reuters Screen (or both) specified as the Relevant Screen Page or the Relevant Screen Pages in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, sanction, 
directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions and embargo programmes, 
including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered and/or enforced, from time to time, by 
(or by any agency or other authority of) the United States, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union (or any Member State thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial 
sanctions and embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable 
to designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, means 
any original date that, but for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index or for 
such day being a Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of an Index, each Scheduled 
Averaging Date or Scheduled Initial Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Initial Averaging Date" in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, 
means any original date that, but for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index 
or for such day being a Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been an Initial Averaging 
Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, 
means any original date that, but for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index 
or for such day being a Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been an Initial Valuation 
Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of an Index, each Scheduled Initial Valuation 
Date or Scheduled Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Unitary Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (ii) the Related 
Exchange for such Multi-Exchange Index is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any 
original date that, but for such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index or for 
such day being a Disrupted Day for such Index, would have been a Valuation Date (and subject 
as provided in Index Linked Condition 6 if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract Provisions" to be applicable); or 
"Settlement Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms, or if not so given, 
the Specified Currency.

--- Page 327 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
328 
"Settlement Cycle" means for any Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, the period of 
Component Clearance System Business Days following a trade in the Components underlying 
such Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges 
in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, an event that 
the Calculation Agent determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as a 
result of which the relevant Component Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component. 
"Special Quotation Price" means, in respect of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract and any 
day, the special quotation price of such Index-Linked Derivatives Contract (howsoever 
described under the rules of the relevant Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house) for such 
day published by the Derivatives Exchange or its clearing house. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 3.1 (Successor 
Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Successor Index Sponsor" has the meaning given thereto in Index Linked Condition 3.1 
(Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Trading Disruption" means:  
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of such Unitary Index on any relevant Exchange or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Unitary Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in 
respect of such Multi-Exchange Index or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
Multi-Exchange Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Unitary Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a)
in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, each date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions 
and/or in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment (as a Reference Date) in 
accordance with these Index Linked Conditions (and subject as provided in Index 
Linked Condition 6 if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract Provisions" to be applicable); or 
(b)
in respect of an Index-Linked Derivatives Contract, the final settlement day of such 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract (as determined by the Derivatives Exchange 
according to the rules of the Derivatives Exchange) (the "Scheduled Valuation 
Date"), provided that, only for the purposes of determining the Final Index Level (if 
applicable), the Scheduled Valuation Date may be subject to adjustment (as a 
Reference Date) in accordance with Index Linked Condition 1, 
and further provided that if the Securities are Open-ended Instruments, then sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (c) above shall not apply and the Valuation Date shall be:

--- Page 328 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
329 
(c)
in respect of a Unitary Index or a Multi-Exchange Index: 
in respect of each Open-ended Instrument which has not yet been redeemed 
pursuant to General Instrument Condition 16 (Optional Early Redemption), if 
such Open-ended Instrument is exercised pursuant to General Instrument 
Condition 7(a), the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
Exercise Date for such Open-ended Instrument, and subject to adjustment (as 
a Reference Date) in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions; and 
each Open-ended Instrument which is redeemed pursuant to General 
Instrument Condition 16 (Optional Early Redemption), the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately following the Call Option Effective Date, and subject to 
adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions (and such day, after such adjustment, shall be the "Call Valuation 
Date"), unless such Open-ended Instrument is exercised pursuant to General 
Instrument Condition 7(a), in which case sub-paragraph (I) above applies.  
"Valuation Time" means the time in the place as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, unless 
"Default Valuation Time" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case the "Valuation 
Time" means: 
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred in respect of (A) any Component, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component (provided that, if the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time), and (B) any options contracts or futures contracts on such 
Unitary Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of such Unitary Index is 
calculated and published by the Strategy Calculation Agent; or 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of (A) any Component, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component (provided that, if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time), and (B) any options contracts or futures contracts on 
such Multi-Exchange Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange, and (ii) in 
all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of such Multi-
Exchange Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor.

--- Page 329 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
330 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Provisions for 
Commodity Linked Notes and Commodity Linked Instruments 
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Commodity Business Days, Non-Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days or Disrupted Days
1.1 
Single Commodity and Pricing Dates 
1.2 
Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day and Individual Disrupted Day 
1.3 
Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day 
2. 
Successor Entity Calculates and Reports a Commodity Reference Price 
3. 
Corrections to Published Commodity Reference Prices 
4. 
Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Commodity or Commodity Basket 
5. 
Change of applicable law 
6. 
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
7. 
General Definitions 
8. 
Commodity Reference Price and Related Definitions 
8.1
Aluminium
8.11
Gold
8.21
RBOB Gasoline
8.2
Brent Crude Oil
8.12
Heating Oil
8.22
Silver
8.3
Coal
8.13
Kansas Wheat
8.23
Soybeans
8.4
Cocoa
8.14
Lead
8.24
Soybean Oil
8.5
Coffee
8.15
Lean Hogs
8.25
Sugar
8.6
Copper
8.16
Live Cattle
8.26
Wheat
8.7
Corn
8.17
Natural Gas
8.27
WTI Crude Oil
8.8
Cotton
8.18
Nickel
8.28
Zinc
8.9
Feeder Cattle
8.19
Palladium
8.10
Gas Oil
8.20
Platinum
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to 
the Securities and the Issuer, and specific risk factors relating to Commodity Linked Securities 
commencing on page 47. 
These Commodity Linked Provisions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that the Commodity Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that the Commodity Linked Notes are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Commodity Business Days, Non-Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days or Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Commodity and Pricing Dates 
Where the Commodity Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a 
single Commodity, and such Issue Terms specify "Single Commodity and Pricing Dates" to 
be applicable to the Commodity (and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to particular Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to 
such Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates only): 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Commodity is a Scheduled Commodity Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day for

--- Page 330 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
331 
such Commodity, then the Pricing Date for such Commodity shall be such Scheduled 
Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of such 
Commodity is not a Scheduled Commodity Business Day, then the Pricing Date in 
respect of such Commodity shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day for such Commodity; 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Pricing Date in respect of such Commodity 
is a Disrupted Day and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence 
("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a 
Relevant Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that it deems 
relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" to be applicable, then the Relevant 
Price for a Pricing Date will be determined based on the Specified Price (or, 
if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such 
Commodity Reference Price) in respect of such Pricing Date that is published 
or announced by the Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day that the Calculation Agent determines 
is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect 
of such Commodity immediately following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted 
Day or the Relevant Price continues to be unavailable for consecutive 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no such Disruption Fallback is specified 
or is deemed to be specified, the price for the Pricing Date will be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination; 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" to be applicable, then the Relevant Price will 
be determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price, 
"Commodity — Reference Dealers";  
"Fallback Reference Price" to be applicable, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Price based on the price for that Pricing Date of the 
first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if any, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity immediately 
following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, the next 
Disruption Fallback specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no 
such Disruption Fallback is specified or is deemed to be specified, the price 
for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation Agent Determination; or 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Commodity 
shall be postponed to the first succeeding Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity immediately 
following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity. In that 
case:

--- Page 331 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
332 
the Scheduled Commodity Business Day immediately following the 
expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be deemed to be the 
Pricing Date for such Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such Commodity; and 
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then 
the Pricing Date for such Commodity shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, 
notwithstanding that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity, and the 
Relevant Price shall be subject to Calculation Agent Determination on such 
Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date; 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(e)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(f)
if the relevant Issue Terms provide that both "Delayed Publication or 
Announcement" and "Postponement" shall be applicable Disruption Fallbacks for a 
Pricing Date, then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, both such 
Disruption Fallbacks are to operate concurrently with the other and each shall be 
subject to the applicable Maximum Days of Disruption, and the price determined by 
Postponement will be the Relevant Price only if Delayed Publication or Announcement 
does not yield a Relevant Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption;  
(g)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Commodity and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify a Disruption Fallback, 
then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed to have been 
specified;  
(h)
if "Initial Pricing Date Adjustment" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable, the Initial Pricing Date shall be deemed to be a Pricing Date for the purposes 
of this Commodity Linked Condition 1.1; and  
(i)
if: 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Commodity 
Linked Condition 1.1 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those 
licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Commodity Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Commodity Linked Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Commodity Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be

--- Page 332 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
333 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
1.2
Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Commodity Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a 
Commodity Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or 
more Commodities (and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular 
Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates 
or Pricing Dates only), and, 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Commodity in the Commodity Basket is a Scheduled Commodity Business Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day for such Commodity, then the Pricing Date for such Commodity 
shall be such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Commodity in the Commodity Basket is not a Scheduled Commodity Business Day 
for such Commodity, then the Pricing Date in respect of such Commodity shall be the 
first succeeding day that is a Scheduled Commodity Business Day for such 
Commodity; 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Pricing Date for a Commodity is a 
Disrupted Day for such Commodity, and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the 
consequence ("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a 
Relevant Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that it deems 
relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" to be applicable, then the Relevant 
Price for a Pricing Date will be determined based on the Specified Price (or, 
if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such 
Commodity Reference Price) in respect of such Pricing Date that is published 
or announced by the Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day that the Calculation Agent determines 
is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect 
of such Commodity immediately following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted 
Day or the Relevant Price continues to be unavailable for consecutive 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no such Disruption Fallback is specified 
or is deemed to be specified, the price for the Pricing Date will be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination; 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" to be applicable, then the Relevant Price will 
be determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price, 
"Commodity — Reference Dealers";  
"Fallback Reference Price" to be applicable, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Price based on the price for that Pricing Date of the 
first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if any, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to

--- Page 333 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
334 
the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity immediately 
following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, the next 
Disruption Fallback specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no 
such Disruption Fallback is specified or is deemed to be specified, the price 
for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation Agent Determination; or 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Commodity 
shall be postponed to the first succeeding Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity immediately 
following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity. In that 
case: 
the Scheduled Commodity Business Day immediately following the 
expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be deemed to be the 
Pricing Date for such Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such Commodity; and 
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then 
the Pricing Date for such Commodity shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, and the 
Relevant Price shall be subject to Calculation Agent Determination on such 
Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date; 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(e)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(f)
if the relevant Issue Terms provide that both "Delayed Publication or 
Announcement" and "Postponement" shall be applicable Disruption Fallbacks for a 
Pricing Date, then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, both such 
Disruption Fallbacks are to operate concurrently with the other and each shall be 
subject to the applicable Maximum Days of Disruption, and the price determined by 
Postponement will be the Relevant Price only if Delayed Publication or Announcement 
does not yield a Relevant Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption;  
(g)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Commodity and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify a Disruption Fallback, 
then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed to have been 
specified;  
(h)
if "Initial Pricing Date Adjustment" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable, the Initial Pricing Date shall be deemed to be a Pricing Date for the purposes 
of this Commodity Linked Condition 1.2; and  
(i)
if:

--- Page 334 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
335 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Commodity 
Linked Condition 1.2 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those 
licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Commodity Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Commodity 
Linked Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled 
Early Repayment Amount of such Commodity Linked Security, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be.  
1.3
Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Commodity Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a 
Commodity Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or 
more Commodities (such Commodities being "Common Basket Commodities" and each a 
"Common Basket Commodity" for the purposes of this Commodity Linked Condition 1.3) 
(and, if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Initial Pricing Dates 
or Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates 
only), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date is a Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each Common 
Basket Commodity, then the Pricing Date for each Common Basket Commodity shall 
be such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) any Scheduled Pricing Date is a Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day but is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common 
Basket Commodities, or (ii) any Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day, in which case the Pricing Date for each Common Basket 
Commodity shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day following such Scheduled Pricing Date, provided that if such Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket 
Commodities, then, in respect of (i) and (ii) the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket 
Commodity, then the Pricing Date for such Common Basket Commodity shall 
be such Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day; 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket 
Commodity (such Common Basket Commodities being "Affected Common 
Basket Commodities" for such Pricing Date, and each such Common Basket 
Commodity being an "Affected Common Basket Commodity" for such 
Pricing Date), and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence 
("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for 
determining a Relevant Price), for such Affected Common Basket

--- Page 335 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
336 
Commodity taking into consideration the latest available quotation 
for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other 
information that it deems relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" to be applicable, then the 
Relevant Price for a Pricing Date for such Affected Common Basket 
Commodity will be determined based on the Specified Price (or, if 
there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such 
Commodity Reference Price) in respect of such Pricing Date that is 
published or announced by the Price Source retrospectively on the 
first succeeding Scheduled Commodity Business Day that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such Affected Common Basket Commodity, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption in respect of such Affected Common Basket 
Commodity immediately following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted 
Day or the Relevant Price continues to be unavailable for consecutive 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption 
Fallback specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no 
such Disruption Fallback is specified or is deemed to be specified, 
the price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation Agent 
Determination; 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" to be applicable, then the Relevant 
Price will be determined in accordance with the Commodity 
Reference Price, "Commodity — Reference Dealers";  
"Fallback Reference Price" to be applicable, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Relevant Price for such Affected Common 
Basket Commodity based on the price for that Pricing Date of the 
first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if any, specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected Common Basket 
Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Commodity Business Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity 
immediately following such Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, the next Disruption Fallback specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms will apply, or, if no such Disruption Fallback is specified or is 
deemed to be specified, the price for the Pricing Date will be subject 
to Calculation Agent Determination; or 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such 
Affected Common Basket Commodity shall be postponed to the first 
succeeding Scheduled Commodity Business Day that the Calculation 
Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Common Basket Commodity, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
in respect of such Affected Common Basket Commodity 
immediately following the Common Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day is a Disrupted Day for such Affected Common Basket 
Commodity. In that case: 
(1)
the Scheduled Commodity Business Day immediately 
following the expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for such Affected 
Common Basket Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that

--- Page 336 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
337 
such day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such 
Affected Common Basket Commodity; and 
(2)
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Pricing Date for each Common Basket 
Commodity shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Commodity, and the Relevant Price shall be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination on such Pricing Date, and such determination 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (6) shall be 
deemed to be the Relevant Price in respect of the relevant Pricing 
Date; 
(c)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(e)
if the relevant Issue Terms provide that both "Delayed Publication or 
Announcement" and "Postponement" shall be applicable Disruption Fallbacks for a 
Pricing Date, then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, both such 
Disruption Fallbacks are to operate concurrently with the other and each shall be 
subject to the applicable Maximum Days of Disruption, and the price determined by 
Postponement will be the Relevant Price only if Delayed Publication or Announcement 
does not yield a Relevant Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption;  
(f)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Commodity and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify a Disruption Fallback, 
then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed to have been 
specified;  
(g)
if "Initial Pricing Date Adjustment" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable, the Initial Pricing Date shall be deemed to be a Pricing Date for the purposes 
of this Commodity Linked Condition 1.3; and  
(h)
if: 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Commodity 
Linked Condition 1.3 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those 
licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case 
may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Commodity Linked Securities in whole 
but not in part, each Commodity Linked Security being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of such 
Commodity Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 337 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
338 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note 
Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
2.
Successor Entity Calculates and Reports a Commodity Reference Price 
If in respect of any relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination, either a Commodity Reference Price is (i) not announced or 
published by the Price Source but is calculated and announced by a successor entity acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor commodity price calculated using, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of such Commodity Reference Price, then in each case, 
such price as so calculated will be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price. 
3.
Corrections to Published Commodity Reference Prices 
If a Commodity Reference Price published or announced on a given day and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to determine a Relevant Price or other amount on any Pricing Date or 
any other relevant date which is utilised for any calculation or determination is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published or announced by the Trading Facility or any other 
person responsible for such publication or announcement (i) by the second Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day prior to the date on which any payment is due (or such other time 
frame as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; provided that different time frames may 
be specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different days or Pricing Dates) after the original 
publication or announcement, or (ii) if a Correction Cut-off Date is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be applicable to such Pricing Date, if earlier, by such Correction Cut-off Date, 
such corrected price shall be the Commodity Reference Price, and the Calculation Agent, to the 
extent it deems necessary, may determine to make appropriate adjustments to any of the terms 
of the Commodity Linked Securities to account for such correction. 
4.
Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Commodity or Commodity Basket 
Where the Commodity Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a 
Commodity or a Commodity Basket, and notwithstanding any other terms of these Commodity 
Linked Conditions, if a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable to any Pricing Date or any other relevant date (as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) (any such date being, for the purposes of this Commodity Linked Condition 4, a 
"Relevant Date") for a Commodity, and if, following adjustment of such Relevant Date 
pursuant to Commodity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Non-Scheduled Commodity 
Business Days, Non-Common Scheduled Commodity Business Days or Disrupted Days) above 
(for the purposes of this Commodity Linked Condition 4, an "Affected Commodity"), the 
Pricing Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Pricing Date in respect of such 
Affected Commodity, then (unless otherwise, and to the extent, specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) such Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed to be such Relevant Date for such Affected 
Commodity. 
If such Fallback Pricing Date is not a Scheduled Commodity Business Day or a Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Commodity, the Relevant Price of such Affected Commodity shall be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination on such Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 4 shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price 
in respect of the relevant Pricing Date. 
5.
Change of applicable law 
Upon an Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change in Law, such Issuer may in its 
sole and absolute discretion (a) make such amendments or adjustments to the Conditions as may 
be required such that its performance under the Commodity Linked Securities shall no longer 
be unlawful or impracticable under applicable law, provided that such amendments or 
adjustments are effected in such a manner as to preserve insofar as possible and practicable the 
commercial terms of the Commodity Linked Securities prior to such amendments or

--- Page 338 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
339 
adjustments (and provided further that any proposed substitution of the Issuer may only be 
effected in accordance with General Instrument Condition 23 (Substitution) or General Note 
Condition 23 (Substitution) (as applicable)), or (b) redeem the Commodity Linked Securities on 
such day as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices) (as applicable) (such notice shall be the 
"Early Redemption Notice" and such notice may specify the date when the Change in Law 
occurred (such date, the "Change in Law Effective Date") and will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holder in respect of each Commodity Linked Security 
the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day. 
The preceding paragraph shall apply in respect of each Commodity Linked Security which has 
not been redeemed on or prior to the Change in Law Effective Date, and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, if an Instrument has been exercised pursuant to General Instrument Condition 7 and 
General Instrument Condition 8 on or prior to the Change in Law Effective Date in respect of 
such Instrument, but such Instrument has not yet been redeemed on or prior to such date, then 
such exercise pursuant General Instrument Condition 7 and General Instrument Condition 8 
shall be deemed to be void and of no effect, and such Instrument shall be redeemed in 
accordance with and pursuant to the preceding paragraph. 
General Instrument Condition 18 (Change in law) and General Note Condition 17 (Change in 
law) shall not apply to Commodity Linked Securities. However, this Commodity Linked 
Condition 5 shall not affect the validity of any other change of law provisions in other 
Underlying Asset Conditions which also apply in respect of any particular Securities: in the 
event of a conflict between the terms of this Commodity Linked Condition 5 and any such 
change of law provision of other applicable Underlying Asset Conditions, the Calculation Agent 
may resolve such conflict in its sole and absolute discretion. 
6.
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Commodity Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable 
or term relevant to the settlement or payment under such Commodity Linked 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Commodity Linked Securities by giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Commodity Linked Securities 
are so redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each 
Commodity Linked Security held by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-
scheduled Early Repayment Amount of such Commodity Linked Security, taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance 
with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 
(Notices), as the case may be. 
7.
General Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to 
Commodity Linked Securities to which these Commodity Linked Conditions apply: 
"Adjusted Delivery Date" means, in respect of any relevant date, the First Nearby Month, 
unless such date falls on or after the final day during which trading may take place for the 
Commodity Contract that expires on the First Nearby Month (but prior to the date of expiry of 
such Commodity Contract), as determined by the Calculation Agent, in which case the 
"Adjusted Delivery Date" in relation to such relevant date and the Commodity Contract shall 
be the Second Nearby Month.

--- Page 339 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
340 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
(each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of Commodity Reference Price or a 
Commodity Index, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any 
of the following events in respect of such Commodity Reference Price or a Commodity Index: 
(a)
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Commodity Index or the administrator or sponsor of a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Commodity Index has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, or any prohibition by a relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the Commodity Reference Price or a 
Commodity Index to perform its or their respective obligations under the Commodity 
Linked Securities; or 
(b)
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Commodity Reference Price 
or a Commodity Index or any other means of calculating the Commodity Reference 
Price or a Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent ("Material 
Methodology Change Event").  
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Commodity Index, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be:  
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the Commodity Reference Price or the Commodity Index may no longer 
be used under any applicable law or regulation by Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities; or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the Commodity Reference 
Price or the Commodity Index becomes effective, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Trade Date, the Trade Date.  
"Affected Commodity" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 4 
(Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Commodity or Commodity Basket). 
"Affected Common Basket Commodity" and "Affected Common Basket Commodities" 
have the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii) (Commodity Basket 
and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day). 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), provided that in respect of a single 
Commodity or a Commodity Basket, if the relevant Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance 
with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Exercise Date in respect of such 
Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the 
Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest Pricing 
Date corresponding to such Applicable Date;  
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), provided that in respect of a single 
Commodity or a Commodity Basket, if the relevant Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance 
with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect of such 
Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the

--- Page 340 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
341 
Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable Date;  
"Calculation Agent Determination" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked 
Condition 1.1(c)(i) 
(Single 
Commodity 
and 
Pricing 
Dates), 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 1.2(c)(i) (Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day) and Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(A) 
(Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"CBOT" means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Change in Law" means any event or action or announcement of the intention to take any 
action, on or after the Trade Date, that in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent 
adversely affects the ability of the Issuer or any of its affiliates to establish or maintain Hedging 
Positions with respect to the Commodity Linked Securities, that are reasonably necessary to the 
management of risk arising from the Commodity Linked Securities, including, but not limited 
to, any relevant law, regulation, ruling, rule, procedure or order (including any tax law and any 
Sanction Rules as if applicable to the Issuer and each of its affiliates in relation to the Securities 
and/or any related Hedge Positions) ("Applicable Laws") or the amendment, reinterpretation 
or promulgation of an interpretation of any such Applicable Laws by any regulatory, self-
regulatory or legislative body, judicial authority, tax authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or 
Clearing Systems) ("Regulatory Authority") (including, without limitation, as implemented 
by any United States, European or Asian Regulatory Authority (including the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission and the Relevant European Authorities) or exchange, trading 
facility, central counterparty or other clearing organisation that results in (a) the elimination, 
limitation, withdrawal or unavailability for any reason of any hedge exemptions from applicable 
position limits previously granted to the Issuer or any of its affiliates by any such Regulatory 
Authority or any such exchange, trading facility, central counterparty or other clearing 
organisation, or any hedge exemptions otherwise available to the Issuer or any of its affiliates  
under Applicable Laws; or (b) a restriction or revision of existing position limits applicable to 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates  in respect of, or the imposition of position limits to, any 
Hedging Positions established by the Issuer or any of its affiliates  in connection with the 
Commodity Linked Securities to the extent that such application prevents or adversely affects 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates  from establishing or maintaining Hedging Positions that are 
reasonably necessary in order for it to manage the risk arising from or in connection with the 
Commodity Linked Securities, or such other Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction which have 
an analogous affect to any events specified in (a) and (b) above; or (c) the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates incurring a materially increased cost in performing the Issuer's obligations under the 
Commodity Linked Securities or in acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
unwinding, maintaining or disposing of any Hedge Positions with respect to the Commodity 
Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any mandatory margining or clearing 
requirement, any increase in capital charges, taxes or level of capital that is required to be set 
aside in respect of the Commodity Linked Securities or such Hedge Positions). 
"CME" means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Commodity" means each commodity as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Basket" means a basket comprising Commodities, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Contract" means in respect of a Commodity and a Commodity Reference Price, 
the contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating 
to the Commodity referred to in that Commodity Reference Price;  
"Commodity Linked Securities" means Commodity Linked Notes or Commodity Linked 
Instruments, as the case may be.

--- Page 341 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
342 
"Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any time on any relevant day, the 
official price of such Commodity on the relevant Trading Facility at such time on such day as 
determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day.  
"Commodity — Reference Dealers" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be determined 
on the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers on that Pricing Date of that day's 
Specified Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such 
Commodity Reference Price) for a Unit of the Relevant Commodity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date (or, if there is no Delivery Date for a Commodity Reference Price, for delivery on such 
date that forms the basis on which such Commodity Reference Price is quoted). If four 
quotations are provided as requested, the price for that Pricing Date will be the arithmetic mean 
of the Specified Prices (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, of 
such Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and time) for that Commodity provided 
by each Reference Dealer, without regard to the Specified Prices (or, as the case may be, 
Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and time) having the highest and lowest 
values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the price for that Pricing Date will 
be the Specified Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Price for the relevant date 
and time) provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the 
Specified Prices (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and 
time) having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the 
same highest or lowest value, then the Specified Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity 
Reference Price for the relevant date and time) of one of such quotations shall be disregarded. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided, then the next Disruption Fallback specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms will apply, or, if no such Disruption Fallback is specified or is deemed to 
be specified, the price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation Agent Determination. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, any of the reference price 
set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 8 (Commodity Reference Price and Related 
Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Commodity Reference Price Framework Determination", the Commodity Reference Price 
in respect of a Commodity and a Pricing Date or any other relevant date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent will be: 
(a)
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange and if a 
Delivery Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in the relevant currency of such Specified Price, as made public by the 
Trading Facility on that Pricing Date or such other relevant date; or 
(b)
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity and if a Delivery Date is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, for the Delivery Date, stated in the relevant currency of such 
Specified Price, published or displayed on the Price Source that publishes or displays 
prices effective on that Pricing Date or such other relevant date, 
in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for that Commodity and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Common Basket Commodity" and "Common Basket Commodities" have the meaning given 
thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 1.3 (Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day). 
"Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day" means, in respect of Common Basket 
Commodities, each day which is a Scheduled Commodity Business Day for all Common Basket 
Commodities.  
"Correction Cut-off Date" means, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to 
any date on which the price of a Commodity is required to be determined, the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or such number of Business Days as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Commodity on such day, unless 
"Default Correction Cut-off Date" is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable in respect 
of any date on which the price of such Commodity is required to be determined, then the

--- Page 342 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
343 
Correction Cut-off Date for such Commodity and such date shall be the second Business Day 
prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be 
made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Commodity on such day. 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity 
Linked Condition 1.1(c)(ii) (Single Commodity and Pricing Dates), Commodity Linked 
Condition 1.2(c)(ii) (Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day) and Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(B) 
(Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, such delivery date as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, 
(a)
the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Commodity Contract on the 
relevant Trading Facility; 
(b)
the disappearance of, or of trading in, such Commodity; or  
(c)
the disappearance or permanent discontinuation or unavailability of the Commodity 
Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the Price Source or the status of 
trading in the relevant Commodity Contract or the relevant Commodity. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Basket, any Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day on which a Disruption Event has occurred; and 
"Disruption Event" means in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence on any day of any one 
or more of the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
Material Change in Content; 
Material Change in Formula;  
Price Source Disruption; 
Tax Disruption;  
Trading Disruption; or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; and  
"Disruption Fallback" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 1.1(c) 
(Single Commodity and Pricing Dates), Commodity Linked Condition 1.2(c) (Commodity 
Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day and Individual 
Disrupted Day) and Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b) (Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day), as 
applicable.  
"Fallback Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Basket and any 
relevant date, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked 
Condition 1.1(c) (Single Commodity and Pricing Dates), Commodity Linked Condition 1.2(c) 
(Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day) and Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(C) (Commodity Basket 
and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day), as applicable.

--- Page 343 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
344 
"Fallback Reference Price" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked 
Condition 1.1(c) (Single Commodity and Pricing Dates), Commodity Linked Condition 1.2(c) 
(Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day) and Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(D) (Commodity Basket 
and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day), as applicable.  
"Final Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Pricing Date for the Commodity 
scheduled to fall on the date specified as the "Final Pricing Date" in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of any Commodity, that the Issuer and/or the Hedging 
Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures 
or option contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any 
other relevant risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the 
Commodity Linked Securities or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s), asset(s), futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedging Positions relating 
to either a Commodity or the Commodity Linked Securities themselves.  
"Hedging Positions" means, for the purposes of the "Change in Law", the "Hedging Disruption" 
and "Increased Cost of Hedging" definitions, any position, including, without limitation, any 
purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) positions or contracts in futures, 
options, swaps or other derivatives or foreign exchange, securities or (ii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) established or maintained by the Issuer or the Hedging 
Entity in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Commodity Linked Securities 
"ICE" means the Intercontinental Exchange™ or its successor, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of a Commodity, that the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared to the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Commodity Linked 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any 
such futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedging Positions relating to either a 
Commodity or the Commodity Linked Securities themselves, provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Initial Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Basket, each date 
specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the 
Conditions, subject to adjustmentin accordance with these Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"KCBOT" means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, such date as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 344 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
345 
"Last Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, such date as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Latest Pricing Date" means, in respect of a single Commodity and a Pricing Date, such Pricing 
Date, and in respect of all the Commodities included in a Commodity Basket and a Pricing Date, 
if (i) the Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to such Pricing Date is a Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day for each such Commodity and no Disruption Event has occurred for any such 
Commodity on such Pricing Date, such Pricing Date, or (ii) as a result of the Scheduled Pricing 
Date corresponding to such Pricing Date not being a Scheduled Commodity Business Day for 
one or more such Commodities or the occurrence of a Disruption Event for one or more 
Commodities in the Commodity Basket on the Pricing Date, the Pricing Date for two or more 
Commodities in the Commodity Basket falls on different dates, the date corresponding to the 
Pricing Date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"LBMA" means The London Bullion Market Association or its successor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"LME" means The London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Material Change in Content" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Issue Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the Commodity 
or relevant Commodity Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Issue Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price. 
"Maturity Date" means:  
(a)
in respect of Commodity Linked Instruments the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a single Commodity or a Commodity Basket, if the Relevant 
Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date 
will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the Number of 
Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest Pricing Date corresponding to the 
Relevant Determination Date; or 
(b)
in respect of Commodity Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of a single Commodity or a Commodity Basket, if the Relevant Determination 
Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date will instead be 
the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period 
Business Days after the Latest Pricing Date corresponding to the Relevant 
Determination Date. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means in respect of Commodity Linked Securities that relate 
to a single Commodity or a Commodity Basket, five Scheduled Commodity Business Days; or 
or, such other number of Scheduled Commodity Business Days or Scheduled Commodity 
Trading Days, as applicable specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery 
Date and a Pricing Date or other relevant date, the month of expiration of the Commodity 
Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" 
means the month of expiration of the first Commodity Contract to expire following the Pricing 
Date or other relevant date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the 
second Commodity Contract to expire following the Pricing Date or other relevant date; and (c) 
"Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth Commodity Contract to expire 
following the Pricing Date or other relevant date. 
"No Adjustment" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 1.1(c) (Single 
Commodity and Pricing Dates) or Commodity Linked Condition 1.2(c) (Commodity Basket and

--- Page 345 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
346 
Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day), 
as applicable.  
"NYMEX" means the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. or its successor, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Commodity and an Observation Period, each Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity falling in the 
Observation Period for such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Observation Date (intra-day valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity and an Observation Period, each Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day on which the relevant Price Source publishes the Commodity Price in respect of 
such Commodity, regardless of whether such day is a Disrupted Day and; or 
"Observation Hours" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day in an 
Observation Period, the period commencing on the Observation Hours Start Time (and 
including or excluding such Observation Hours Start Time as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) and ending on the Observation Hours End Time (and including or excluding such 
Observation Hours End Time as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). If "Observation Hours 
Disruption Events" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then any period on 
which a Disruption Event in respect of such Commodity has occurred or is continuing shall be 
deemed to be excluded from the Observation Hours.  
"Observation Hours End Time" means, in respect of a Commodity, such time specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Hours Start Time" means, in respect of a Commodity, such time specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period" means a Barrier Observation Period, a Trigger Observation Period, an 
Autocall Observation Period or a Coupon Barrier Observation Period. 
"Postponement" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 1.1(c) (Single 
Commodity and Pricing Dates), Commodity Linked Condition 1.2(c) (Commodity Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Commodity Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day), 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(E) (Commodity Basket and Pricing Dates – Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including a Trading 
Facility) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price 
is calculated). 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity: 
(a)
the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the 
information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, 
the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish such Commodity Reference Price 
for any relevant day (or the information necessary for determining such Commodity 
Reference Price for such day)); 
(b)
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
(c)
if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity – Reference Dealers", the failure to 
obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers; or

--- Page 346 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
347 
(d)
if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified 
Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price 
determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price, "Commodity – 
Reference Dealers", by such Price Materiality Percentage. 
"Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions.  
"Reference Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, each Initial Valuation Date, Valuation 
Date, or such other date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means, if the relevant Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity – 
Reference Dealers", the four dealers specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if dealers are not 
so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Commodity" means, in respect of a Commodity Linked Security, such commodity 
as is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if more than one commodity is so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, then all such commodities shall be referred to as the "Relevant 
Commodities". 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given thereto in Commodity Linked Condition 4 (Fallback 
Pricing Date for a Single Commodity or Commodity Basket). 
"Relevant European Authorities" means, for the purposes of the "Change in Law" definition, 
the European Commission, the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union, the 
European Securities and Markets Authority, the European Banking Authority, the European 
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, the European Central Bank, and any competent 
authority of a member state of the European Economic Area. 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per Unit, 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Pricing Date for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the Bloomberg page or ticker as specified in the Issue Terms 
or any official successor thereto. 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, sanction, 
directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions and embargo programmes, 
including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered and/or enforced, from time to time, by 
(or by any agency or other authority of) the United States, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union (or any Member State thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial 
sanctions and embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable 
to designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Commodity Business Day" means in respect of a single Commodity or a 
Commodity Basket; and: 
(a)
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is a price announced or 
published by a Trading Facility, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption 
Event, would have been) a day on which such Trading Facility is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Trading Facility closing 
prior to its scheduled closing time; and 
(b)
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is not a price announced or 
published by a Trading Facility, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption 
Event, would have published) a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source 
published a price. 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity, any original date that, but for 
such day not being a Scheduled Commodity Business Day in respect of such Commodity or for

--- Page 347 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
348 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event causing a Disrupted Day on such date, would have been a 
Pricing Date. 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price,  
(c)
the price specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price in Commodity Linked 
Condition 7 (General Definitions); or 
(d)
as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being any of the following prices 
(which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), and, if applicable, as of the 
time so specified: (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high 
price and the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; 
(G) the asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the 
settlement price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning 
fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; or (N) the spot price. 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal 
of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or 
similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, if the direct effect 
of such imposition, change, or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that 
would otherwise be a Pricing Date (or such other relevant date as may be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) from what it would have been without that imposition, change, or 
removal. 
"Trade Date" means the Strike Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, the material suspension of, or the 
material limitation imposed on, trading in the Commodity Contract or the Commodity on the 
Trading Facility, or in any additional futures contract, options or swap contract, or commodity 
on any Trading Facility as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. For these purposes: 
(a)
a suspension of the trading in the Commodity Contract or the Commodity on any 
Pricing Date or other relevant date shall be deemed to be material only if: 
all trading in the Commodity Contract or the Commodity is suspended for the 
entire Pricing Date or such other relevant date; or 
all trading in the Commodity Contract or the Commodity is suspended 
subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date or such other relevant 
date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of 
trading in such Commodity Contract or Commodity on such Pricing Date or 
such other relevant date and such suspension is announced less than one-hour 
preceding its commencement; and 
(b)
a limitation of trading in the Commodity Contract or the Commodity on any Pricing 
Date or other relevant date shall be deemed to be material only if the Trading Facility 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the Commodity Contract or 
the Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the Commodity 
Contract or the Commodity on such day is at the upper limit of that range or at the 
lower limit of that range. 
"Trading Facility" means, in respect of a Commodity or relevant Commodity Contract, the 
exchange or trading facility or principal trading market on which such Commodity or 
Commodity Contract is traded, and in respect of Securities linked to a single Commodity or 
basket of Commodities, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or Commodity Reference Price, 
or any successor to such exchange or trading facility or principal trading market to which trading 
in such Commodity or Commodity Contract has temporarily relocated, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 348 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
349 
"Unit" means the unit of measure of the Relevant Commodity, as specified in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price or the relevant Issue Terms. 
8.
Commodity Reference Price and Related Definitions 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Reference Price and related 
definitions for each specified Commodity shall be as set out below: 
8.1
Aluminium 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Aluminium, the ALUMINIUM-LME CASH in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"ALUMINIUM-LME CASH" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's Specified Price per metric tonne of Aluminium on the LME for the 
applicable Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as determined by the LME 
and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective on such Pricing Date 
or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Aluminium" means high grade primary aluminium; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per tonne of Aluminium. 
8.2
Brent Crude Oil 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Brent Crude Oil, the OIL-BRENT-ICE in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"OIL-BRENT-ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per barrel of Brent Crude Oil on the ICE of the Brent Crude Oil 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as made 
public by the ICE and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective on 
that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Brent Crude Oil" means Brent blend crude oil; 
"Brent Crude Oil Commodity Contract" means the contract for future 
delivery in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Brent Crude Oil; 
and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.3
Coal 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Coal, the "COAL-TFS API 2−ARGUS/MCCLOSKEY'S" in respect of such Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where:

--- Page 349 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
350 
"COAL-TFS API 2−ARGUS/MCCLOSKEY'S" means, in respect of any Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, that day's Specified Price per tonne of Coal, stated in United 
States dollars published in the Price Source that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Coal" means steam coal 6,000 kcal/kg, up to 1 per cent. sulphur NAR basis, 
cif ARA; and 
"Specified Price" means in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.4
Cocoa 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Cocoa, the "COCOA-ICE" in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"COCOA-ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that day's 
Specified Price per metric tonne of Cocoa on the ICE of the Cocoa Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as made public by the 
ICE and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Cocoa" means deliverable grade cocoa beans; 
"Cocoa Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Cocoa; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.5
Coffee 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Coffee, the "COFFEE ARABICA-ICE", in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"COFFEE ARABICA-ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's Specified Price per pound of Coffee on the ICE of the Coffee 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made 
public by the ICE and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, 
where:  
"Coffee" means deliverable grade washed arabica coffee; 
"Coffee Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Coffee; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price.

--- Page 350 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
351 
8.6
Copper 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Copper, and if in the relevant Issue Terms the price specified is: 
(a)
COPPER-LME CASH, then COPPER-LME CASH1 in respect of such Pricing Date 
or other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"COPPER-LME CASH" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per tonne of Copper on the LME for the Delivery Date, stated 
in United States dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on the Price Source 
that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Copper" means copper – Grade A or high grade copper; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per tonne of Copper; 
(b)
COPPER-COMEX, then COPPER-COMEX2 in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"COPPER-COMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per pound of high grade copper on the COMEX of the 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as determined 
and made public by the COMEX on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Copper" means copper – Grade A or high grade copper; 
"Copper Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Copper; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per pound of Copper. 
8.7
Corn 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Corn, the CORN-CBOT in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, 
where:  
"CORN-CBOT" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that day's 
Specified Price per bushel of Corn on the CBOT of the Corn Commodity Contract for 
the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made public by the CBOT and 
displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Corn" means deliverable grade corn; 
1
For information purposes, this is the Commodity Reference Price in the GSCIER Index. 
2
For information purposes, this is the Commodity Reference Price in the DJAIG Index.

--- Page 351 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
352 
"Corn Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Corn; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per bushel of Corn. 
8.8
Cotton 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Cotton, the "COTTON NO. 2−ICE", in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"COTTON NO. 2−ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per pound of Cotton on the ICE of the Cotton Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made public by the ICE 
and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Cotton" means deliverable grade cotton No. 2; 
"Cotton Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Cotton; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.9
Feeder Cattle 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Feeder Cattle, the FEEDER CATTLE-CME in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"FEEDER CATTLE-CME" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's Specified Price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the Feeder 
Cattle Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as 
made public by the CME and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, 
where: 
"Feeder Cattle" means deliverable grade medium and large #1 feeder steers; 
"Feeder Cattle Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery 
in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Feeder Cattle; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle. 
8.10
Gas Oil 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Gas Oil, the GAS OIL-ICE in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"GAS OIL-ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per metric tonne of Gas Oil on the ICE of the Gas Oil Commodity

--- Page 352 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
353 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as made public by the 
ICE and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective on that Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Gas Oil" means gas oil; 
"Gas Oil Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Gas Oil; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.11
Gold 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Gold, and if in the relevant Issue Terms the price specified is: 
(a)
"GOLD-COMEX", then GOLD-COMEX in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"GOLD-COMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Gold Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as determined and made 
public by the COMEX on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Gold" means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the 
LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect 
(minimum 0.995 fine), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Gold Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Gold; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official fixing price; 
(b)
"GOLD-LBMA PRICE-PM", then GOLD LBMA PRICE-PM in respect of such 
Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"GOLD-LBMA PRICE-PM" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's afternoon Gold price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in United 
States dollars, as calculated and administered by independent service provider(s) 
pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA, and published by the LBMA and displayed 
on the Price Source effective for that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Gold" means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the 
LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect 
(minimum 0.995 fine), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and

--- Page 353 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
354 
8.12
Heating Oil 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Heating Oil, the HEATING OIL-NEW YORK-NYMEX in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"HEATING OIL-NEW YORK-NYMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, that day's Specified Price per gallon of Heating Oil on the NYMEX 
of the Heating Oil Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States 
dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on the Price Source that displays 
prices effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Heating Oil" means New York Harbor No. 2 heating oil; 
"Heating Oil Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery 
in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Heating Oil; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.13
Kansas Wheat 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Kansas Wheat, the WHEAT HRW-KCBOT in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"WHEAT HRW-KCBOT" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, that day's Specified Price per bushel of Kansas Wheat on the 
KCBOT of the Kansas Wheat Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in United States cents, as made public by the KCBOT and displayed on 
the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Kansas Wheat" means deliverable grade hard red winter wheat; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, the official settlement price per bushel of Kansas 
Wheat; and  
"Wheat Commodity Contract" means the contract for future 
delivery in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Kansas 
Wheat. 
8.14
Lead 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Lead, the LEAD-LME CASH in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"LEAD-LME CASH" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per metric tonne of Lead on the LME for the applicable 
Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed 
on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date that displays prices 
effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date,

--- Page 354 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
355 
where: 
"Lead" means standard lead; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per tonne of Lead. 
8.15
Lean Hogs 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Lean Hogs, the LEAN HOGS-CME in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"LEAN HOGS-CME" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the Lean Hogs 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made 
public by the CME and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, 
where: 
"Lean Hogs" means deliverable grade lean value hog carcasses; 
"Lean Hogs Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Lean Hogs; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs. 
8.16
Live Cattle 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Live Cattle, the LIVE CATTLE-CME in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"LIVE CATTLE-CME" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the Live Cattle 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made 
public by the CME and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, 
where: 
"Live Cattle" means deliverable grade live steers; 
"Live Cattle Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery 
in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Live Cattle; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per pound of Live Cattle. 
8.17
Natural Gas 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Natural Gas, the NATURAL GAS-NYMEX in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where:

--- Page 355 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
356 
"NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's Specified Price per Million British Thermal Units (MMBTU) of Natural 
Gas on the NYMEX of the Natural Gas Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in United States dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on the 
Price Source that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Natural Gas" means natural gas; 
"Natural Gas Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery 
in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Natural Gas; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.18
Nickel 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Nickel, the NICKEL-LME CASH in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"NICKEL-LME CASH" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per metric tonne of Nickel on the LME for the applicable 
Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed 
on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date that displays prices 
effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Nickel" means primary nickel; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per tonne of Nickel. 
8.19
Palladium 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Palladium, the LONDON-PALLADIUM-PRICE-P.M. in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"LONDON-PALLADIUM-PRICE-P.M." means, in respect of any Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, that afternoon's London Palladium price (which may also be 
referred to as the LMBA Palladium Price) per troy ounce of Palladium for delivery in 
London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in 
United States dollars, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by 
the LME on its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on the Pricing 
Date, 
where: 
"Palladium" means palladium complying with the rules of the LBMA relating 
to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"London Palladium" means the market in London for delivery of Palladium 
in London;

--- Page 356 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
357 
8.20
Platinum 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Platinum, the LONDON-PLATINUM-PRICE-P.M. in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"LONDON-PLATINUM-PRICE-P.M." means, in respect of any Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, that afternoon's London Platinum price (which may also be referred 
to as the LMBA Platinum Price) per troy ounce of Platinum for delivery in London 
through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in United 
States dollars, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published on the LME 
on its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date, 
where: 
"Platinum" means platinum complying with the rules of the LPPM relating 
to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"London Platinum" means the market in London for delivery of Platinum in 
London 
8.21
RBOB Gasoline 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
RBOB Gasoline, the GASOLINE RBOB-NEW YORK-NYMEX in respect of such Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"GASOLINE RBOB-NEW YORK-NYMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date 
or other relevant date, that day's Specified Price per gallon of RBOB Gasoline on the 
NYMEX of the RBOB Gasoline Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
United States dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on the Price Source 
that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"RBOB Gasoline" means New York Harbor Reformulated Gasoline 
Blendstock for Oxygen Blending; 
"RBOB Gasoline Commodity Contract" means the contract for future 
delivery in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to RBOB Gasoline; 
and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price. 
8.22
Silver 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or any other relevant date 
and Silver, and if in the relevant Issue Terms the price specified is: 
(a)
"SILVER-COMEX", then SILVER-COMEX in respect of such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"SILVER-COMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Commodity

--- Page 357 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
358 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as determined and made 
public by the COMEX on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Silver" means silver complying with the rules and specification of the 
Commodity Contract, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Silver Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Silver; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price; 
(b)
"SILVER–LBMA PRICE", then SILVER–LBMA PRICE in respect of such Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"SILVER–LBMA PRICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member 
of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s), pursuant to an agreement with 
the LBMA, and published by the LBMA and displayed on the Price Source effective 
for that Pricing Date or other relevant date,  
where: 
"Silver" means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of 
the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
8.23
Soybeans 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Soybeans, the SOYBEANS-CBOT in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"SOYBEANS-CBOT" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per bushel of Soybeans on the CBOT of the Soybeans 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made 
public by the CBOT and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, 
where: 
"Soybeans" means deliverable grade soybeans; 
"Soybeans Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Soybeans; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per bushel of Soybeans. 
8.24
Soybean Oil 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Soybean Oil, the SOYBEAN OIL-CBOT in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where:

--- Page 358 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
359 
"SOYBEAN OIL-CBOT" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per pound of Soybean Oil on the CBOT of the Soybean Oil 
Commodity Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made 
public by the CBOT and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, 
where: 
"Soybean Oil" means deliverable grade soybean oil; 
"Soybean Oil Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery 
in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Soybean Oil; and 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per bushel of Soybean Oil. 
8.25
Sugar 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Sugar, the "SUGAR #11 (WORLD)−ICE" in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Sugar #11 (World)−ICE" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date, that day's Specified Price per pound of Sugar on the ICE of the Sugar Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made public by the ICE 
and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price;  
"Sugar" means deliverable grade cane sugar; and 
"Sugar Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Sugar. 
8.26
Wheat 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Wheat, the WHEAT-CBOT in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"WHEAT-CBOT" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per bushel of Wheat on the CBOT of the Wheat Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States cents, as made public by the 
CBOT and displayed on the Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price per bushel of Wheat;  
"Wheat" means deliverable grade wheat; and 
"Wheat Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to Wheat.

--- Page 359 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
360 
8.27
WTI Crude Oil  
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
WTI, the OIL-WTI-NYMEX in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"OIL-WTI-NYMEX" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
that day's Specified Price per barrel of WTI on the NYMEX of the WTI Commodity 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in United States dollars, as made public by the 
NYMEX and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective on that 
Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official settlement price;  
"WTI" or "WTI Crude Oil" means West Texas Intermediate light sweet 
crude oil; and 
"WTI Commodity Contract" means the contract for future delivery in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to WTI. 
8.28
Zinc 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date and 
Zinc, the ZINC-LME CASH in respect of such Pricing Date or other relevant date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"ZINC-LME CASH" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, that 
day's Specified Price per metric tonne of Zinc on the LME for the applicable Delivery 
Date, stated in United States dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on the 
Price Source on that Pricing Date or other relevant date that displays prices effective 
on that Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
where: 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Pricing Date or other relevant date, 
the official cash settlement price per tonne of Zinc; and 
"Zinc" means special high grade zinc.

--- Page 360 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
361 
FX LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Provisions 
for FX Linked Notes and FX Linked Instruments 
1. 
Consequences of Non-Fixing Days 
1.1 
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates 
1.2 
Single FX Rate and Averaging Reference Dates 
1.3 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day 
1.4 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day 
1.5 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – Common Fixing Day 
2. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
3. 
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
4. 
Definitions 
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to 
the Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to FX Linked Securities 
commencing on page 53. 
These FX Linked Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the FX Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the FX Linked Notes are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Non-Fixing Days 
1.1
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
FX Rate, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date in respect 
of such FX Rate is not a Fixing Day, then the Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be the first 
succeeding Fixing Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement in respect of such 
FX Rate immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Fixing Day for such 
FX Rate. In that case: 
(a)
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date for 
such FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for such FX 
Rate; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its discretion, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date),  
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for the FX Rate shall be such Scheduled Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for the FX Rate, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Reference Date in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 361 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
362 
reasonable manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (c) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the relevant Reference Date). 
1.2
Single FX Rate and Averaging Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
FX Rate, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
in respect of such FX Rate is not a Fixing Day and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the 
consequence: 
(a)
"Omission" to be applicable, then such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Reference Date, provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be the first succeeding FX 
Business Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in respect of such FX Rate immediately 
following such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Fixing Day for such 
FX Rate. In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not 
a Fixing Day for such FX Rate; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the FX 
Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date); 
(b)
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such 
FX Rate shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is a Fixing Day for 
such FX Rate, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement in respect 
of such FX Rate immediately following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate. In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not 
a Fixing Day for such FX Rate; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the FX 
Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date); 
(c)
"Modified Postponement" to be applicable, then the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date for such FX Rate shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive FX 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately 
following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Reference Date or non-Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would have 
been the relevant Averaging Reference Date, then

--- Page 362 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
363 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
already an Averaging Reference Date or is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate; 
and  
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the FX 
Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for the FX Rate shall be such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for the FX 
Rate, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); and 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Fixing Day in respect of such FX Rate and, the relevant Issue Terms do not 
specify the consequence, then the consequence of "No Adjustment" shall apply. 
1.3
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day 
Where the FX Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an FX Rate 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Individual Fixing Day" to be applicable to the FX Rates 
in the FX Rate Basket, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference 
Date in respect of any FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate: 
(a)
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Reference Date is a Fixing Day, the Reference Date for such FX 
Rate shall be such Scheduled Reference Date; 
(b)
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Fixing Day, the Reference Date for such 
FX Rate shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day which the Calculation Agent 
determines is a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Postponement immediately following such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Fixing 
Day for such FX Rate. In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing 
Day for such FX Rate; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the FX 
Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of such Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for each FX Rate shall be such Scheduled Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for any FX Rate, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation Time on

--- Page 363 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
364 
such Reference Date in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed 
to be the FX Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date). 
1.4
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day 
Where the FX Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an FX Rate 
Basket and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date 
in respect of any FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence "Omission" to be applicable, such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Reference Date for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket, provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the sole Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rates shall be determined by reference 
to the final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date as follows:  
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Fixing 
Day, the Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a 
Fixing Day, then the Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be the 
first succeeding FX Business Day following such final Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date that the Calculation Agent determines is a Fixing Day in 
respect of such FX Rate, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of 
the consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Postponement in respect of such FX Rate immediately following such final 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate. 
In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date); 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence "Postponement" to be applicable, 
then,  
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Fixing Day, 
the Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Fixing 
Day, the relevant Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be the first 
succeeding FX Business Day following such Scheduled Averaging Reference 
Date that the Calculation Agent determines is a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement in

--- Page 364 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
365 
respect of such FX Rate immediately following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate. In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for such FX Rate; and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date); 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence "Modified Postponement" to be 
applicable, then 
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a Fixing Day, 
the Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date; and 
for each FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket for which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such final Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a 
Fixing Day, the relevant Averaging Reference Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as 
of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive FX Business Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately following such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Reference Date or not being a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would 
have been the relevant Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such FX Rate, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is not a 
Fixing Day for such FX Rate; and  
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive FX Business Day in its 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference 
Date), 
provided that, 
(d)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each FX Rate shall be such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Fixing Day for any FX 
Rate, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date); and 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Fixing Day in respect of any FX Rate in the FX Rate Basket and, the relevant 
Issue Terms do not specify the consequence, then the consequence of "No Adjustment" 
shall apply.

--- Page 365 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
366 
1.5
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – Common Fixing Day 
Where the FX Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to an FX Rate 
Basket and such Issue Terms specify that "Common Fixing Day" applies to any two or more 
FX Rates (such FX Rates being "Common Basket FX Rates" and each a "Common Basket 
FX Rate" for the purposes of this FX Linked Condition 1.5), the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Fixing Day, then the Reference Date for each Common Basket FX Rate shall be such 
Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is not a 
Common Fixing Day, then the Reference Date for each Common Basket FX Rate shall 
be the first succeeding FX Business Day following such Scheduled Reference Date 
which the Calculation Agent determines is a Common Fixing Day, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX Business Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately following such 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Common Fixing Day. In that case: 
that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be such Reference 
Date for each Common Basket FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is not a Fixing Day for one or more Common Basket FX Rates, (such 
Common Basket FX Rates being "Affected Common Basket FX Rates" for 
such Reference Date, and each such Common Basket FX Rate being an 
"Affected Common Basket FX Rate"); 
for each Common Basket FX Rate other than an Affected Common Basket 
FX Rate, the FX Rate shall be the relevant rate for such FX Rate published by 
the relevant Fixing Price Sponsor on such FX Business Day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
for each Affected Common Basket FX Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the FX Rate as of the relevant Valuation Time on such FX Business 
Day in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii) shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant time in respect 
of the relevant Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket FX Rate shall be the Scheduled Reference 
Date, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Reference Date in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
shall be deemed to be the FX Rate at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Reference Date). 
2.
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If, in respect of an FX Rate, the Calculation Agent determines that, on or prior to any Reference 
Date, Averaging Reference Date or other relevant date, an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date has occurred in respect of such FX Rate and such Administrator/Benchmark Event has a 
material effect on the FX Linked Securities, then the FX Rate for the relevant date will be the 
exchange rate determined by reference to the Alternative Price Source(s) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such FX Rate (the "Fallback Reference Rate"), and FX Linked 
Condition 1 shall apply to such Fallback Reference Rate and such relevant date as if each 
reference to "FX Rate" were a reference to such Fallback Reference Rate, provided that if no 
Fallback Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or the Calculation Agent 
determines that:

--- Page 366 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
367 
(a)
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation, or (ii) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent to 
perform the actions prescribed in this FX Linked Condition 2 (or it would be unlawful 
or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at 
such time); or 
(b)
the first paragraph above would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the FX 
Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each FX Linked Security being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of such FX Linked Security, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or 
General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
3.
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the FX Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term 
relevant to the settlement or payment under such FX Linked Securities, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional Disruption 
Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the FX Linked Securities by giving notice to Holders 
in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note 
Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the FX Linked Securities are so redeemed 
in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each FX Linked Security held 
by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such FX Linked Security, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
4.
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
(each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Condition 5.  
"Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Condition 5. 
"Adjusted Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms (the "Scheduled Adjusted Initial Valuation Date") or, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Individual Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable and such 
Scheduled Adjusted Initial Valuation Date is not a Publication Fixing Day for such FX 
Rate, the earlier to occur of (a) the next following Publication Fixing Day for such FX 
Rate and (b) the FX Specified Day(s) following such Scheduled Adjusted Initial 
Valuation Date (unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "FX Specified Day(s)" to be 
not applicable, in which case sub-paragraph (b) shall not apply); or

--- Page 367 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
368 
(b)
"Common Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable and such Scheduled 
Adjusted Initial Valuation Date is not a Common Publication Fixing Day, the earlier 
to occur of (a) the next following Common Publication Fixing Day and (b) the FX 
Specified Day(s) following such Scheduled Adjusted Initial Valuation Date (unless the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "FX Specified Day(s)" to be not applicable, in which case 
sub-paragraph (b) shall not apply),  
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Adjusted Initial Valuation Date shall be such Scheduled Adjusted Initial 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Publication Fixing Day or a 
Common Publication Fixing Day. 
"Adjusted Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms (the "Scheduled Adjusted Valuation Date") or, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
(c)
"Individual Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable and such 
Scheduled Adjusted Valuation Date is not a Publication Fixing Day for such FX Rate, 
the earlier to occur of (a) the next following Publication Fixing Day for such FX Rate 
and (b) the FX Specified Day(s) following such Scheduled Adjusted Valuation Date 
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "FX Specified Day(s)" to be not applicable, in 
which case sub-paragraph (b) shall not apply); or 
(d)
"Common Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be applicable and such Scheduled 
Adjusted Valuation Date is not a Common Publication Fixing Day, the earlier to occur 
of (a) the next following Common Publication Fixing Day and (b) the FX Specified 
Day(s) following such Scheduled Adjusted Valuation Date (unless the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "FX Specified Day(s)" to be not applicable, in which case sub-paragraph 
(b) shall not apply), 
provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Publication Fixing Day Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Adjusted Valuation Date shall be such Scheduled Adjusted Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Publication Fixing Day or a Common Publication 
Fixing Day. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence or 
existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events in respect of 
such FX Rate: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of an FX Rate or the administrator or 
sponsor of an FX Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, or any prohibition by a relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the FX Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b) 
any material change to the methodology or formula for the FX Rate or any other means 
of calculating the FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent ("Material 
Methodology Change Event");.  
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be:  
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the FX Rate may no longer be used under any applicable law or 
regulation by Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any other 
relevant entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or

--- Page 368 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
369 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the FX Rate becomes 
effective, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Trade Date, the Trade Date. 
"Affected Common Basket FX Rate" and "Affected Common Basket FX Rates" have the 
meaning given thereto in FX Linked Condition 1.5(b)(i) (FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates 
– Common Fixing Day). 
"Affected Currency" means the Settlement Currency, the Reference Currency, the Converted 
Currency or any other currency specified as an "Affected Currency" in relevant Issue Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to adjustment (as 
an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these FX Linked Conditions. 
"Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial Averaging Date or 
Averaging Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these FX Linked 
Conditions. 
"Barrier Event Determination Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, any time in the Observation Period in respect of which a Spot Exchange Rate may be 
determined pursuant to the definition of "Spot Exchange Rate". 
"Base Currency" means the Settlement Currency or such currency other than the Settlement 
Currency specified as a "Base Currency" in relevant Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Asset FX" to be applicable, in which case, "Base Currency" has the meaning 
given to it in the Payout Conditions. 
"Base Currency/Subject Currency Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Specified 
Rate of the Base Currency/Subject Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the 
Subject Currency per unit of the Base Currency, as reported or published by the Fixing Price 
Sponsor at or around the Valuation Time on such day, as published on the FX Price Source for 
such day. 
"Bloomberg Page" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any designated page, the display page 
so designated on the Bloomberg® service (or such other page as may replace that page on that 
service (or replace such services) for the purpose of displaying a currency exchange rate 
comparable to such FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Common Basket FX Rate" and "Common Basket FX Rates" have the meaning given thereto 
in FX Linked Condition 1.5 (FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – Common Fixing Day). 
"Common Fixing Day" means, in respect of Common Basket FX Rates, each day which is a 
Fixing Day for all Common Basket FX Rates. 
"Common Publication Fixing Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate Basket, each day which 
is a Publication Fixing Day for all FX Rates in such FX Rate Basket. 
"Currency Conversion Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(a)
Dual Exchange Rate Event: Any Currency Conversion Rate splits into dual or multiple 
currency exchange rates; 
(b)
Inconvertibility Event: An event has occurred in or affecting any jurisdiction that 
generally makes it impossible to convert any Calculation Currency into the Converted 
Currency through customary legal channels; 
(c)
Non-Transferability Event: An event has occurred in or affecting any Currency 
Conversion Reference Country that generally makes it impossible to deliver (i) the

--- Page 369 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
370 
Converted Currency from accounts inside the Currency Conversion Reference Country 
to accounts outside the Currency Conversion Reference Country or (ii) the Converted 
Currency between accounts inside the Currency Conversion Reference Country for the 
Calculation Currency or to a party that is a non-resident of the Currency Conversion 
Reference Country; 
(d)
Governmental Authority Default: A default, event of default, or other similar 
Condition or event (however described) with respect to any security or indebtedness 
for borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any governmental authority (as defined 
below), including, but not limited to, (i) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace 
periods) in respect of any such security, indebtedness, or guarantee, (ii) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, repudiation, challenge of the validity, or 
rescheduling of any principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such 
security, indebtedness, or guarantee, or (iii) the amendment or modification of the 
terms and conditions of payment of any principal, interest, or other amounts due in 
respect of any such security, indebtedness, or guarantee without the consent of all 
holders of such obligation. For these purposes, the determination of the existence or 
occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar Condition or event shall be 
made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of such 
governmental authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness, or guarantee. 
"Governmental authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative, executive, legislative or other 
governmental authority, or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a Currency 
Conversion Reference Country (which with respect to the Euro shall include the 
European Union as well as any member state thereof from time to time whose currency 
is the Euro); 
(e)
Exchange Rate Unavailability or Illiquidity Event: It is or becomes impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for the Issuer or its affiliates to obtain a Currency Conversion 
Rate from the source typically used for that rate, or to obtain a firm quote for any 
Currency Conversion Rate; 
(f)
Nationalisation Event: Any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or 
other action by a relevant governmental authority which deprives the Issuer or its 
affiliates of all or substantially all of its assets in any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(g)
Currency Merger: If a relevant currency ceases to exist and is replaced by a new 
currency. 
"Currency Conversion Reference Country" means, in respect of a Calculation Currency, the 
country specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Currency Pair" means, in respect of any FX Linked Security, the Reference Currency and the 
Base Currency. 
"Currency Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Specified Rate of the Base 
Currency/Reference Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Reference Currency 
per unit of the Base Currency, as reported or published by the Fixing Price Sponsor at or around 
the Valuation Time on such day, as published on the FX Price Source for such day. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Base Currency/Reference 
Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Reference Currency per unit of the Base 
Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent as, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Derived Exchange Rate 1" to be applicable, the quotient of (a) the Subject 
Currency/Reference Currency Price, divided by (b) the Subject Currency/Base 
Currency Price, in each case, in respect of such day; or

--- Page 370 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
371 
(b)
"Derived Exchange Rate 2" to be applicable, the quotient of (a) the Base 
Currency/Subject Currency Price, divided by (b) the Reference Currency/Subject 
Currency Price, in each case, in respect of such day; or 
(c)
"Derived Exchange Rate 3" to be applicable, the product of (a) the Base 
Currency/Subject Currency Price, multiplied by (b) the Subject Currency/Reference 
Currency Price, in each case, in respect of such day;  
(d)
"Derived Exchange Rate 4" to be applicable, the quotient of (a) one, divided by (b) the 
product of (I) the Reference Currency/Subject Currency Price, multiplied by (II) the 
Subject Currency/Base Currency Price, in each case, in respect of such day; or 
(e)
"Derived Exchange Rate 5" to be applicable, the quotient of (a) one, divided by (b) the 
Reference Currency/Base Currency Price in respect of such day. 
"Fixing Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, either (a) a Publication Fixing Day or (b) a 
Transaction Fixing Day, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case on which no FX 
Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing. 
"FX Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate which is: (a) an Asset FX Rate, an Asset 
FX Price Source, or (b) an FX Rate other than an Asset FX Rate, the display page(s) or price 
source(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such FX Rate, or if the relevant rate 
is not published or announced by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or 
alternative price source, display page or publication for the relevant rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Fixing Price Sponsor" means, in respect of (a) an Asset FX Rate, an Asset FX Fixing Price 
Sponsor, or (b) an exchange rate used in the determination of the Currency Conversion Rate, 
the applicable Currency Fixing Price Sponsor (c) an FX Rate other than an Asset FX Rate or an 
exchange rate used in the determination of the Currency Conversion Rate, an entity specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, or its successor or replacement, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is responsible for setting the relevant rate for such FX Rate, and in each 
case, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is responsible for setting the relevant rate for such FX Rate. 
"FX Business Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate:  
(a)
each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the practice of the 
foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency 
and the Base Currency; and  
(b)
to the extent that the Reference Currency or the Base Currency is euro, a day that is 
also a TARGET Settlement Day,  
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Default FX Business Day for euro" to be 
applicable, in which case paragraph (b) shall not apply. 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a)
Dual Exchange Rate Event: Any FX Rate splits into dual or multiple currency exchange 
rates; 
(b)
Inconvertibility and Unavailability Event: An event has occurred in or affecting any 
jurisdiction that (i) generally makes it impossible to convert any Reference Currency 
into the Base Currency through customary legal channels or (ii) that generally makes 
it impossible for the Issuer to make payment in the Settlement Currency and/or the 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars because such currency (including any 
successor currency) is not available to the Issuer due to circumstances beyond the 
control of the Issuer and its affiliates (including, without limitation, due to the 
imposition of exchange controls or a disruption in the relevant currency markets);

--- Page 371 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
372 
(c)
Non-Transferability Event: An event has occurred in or affecting any Reference 
Country that generally makes it impossible to deliver (i) the Base Currency from 
accounts inside the Reference Country to accounts outside the Reference Country or 
(ii) the Base Currency between accounts inside the Reference Country for the 
Reference Currency or to a party that is a non-resident of the Reference Country; 
(d)
Governmental Authority Default: A default, event of default, or other similar 
Condition or event (however described) with respect to any security or indebtedness 
for borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any governmental authority (as defined 
below), including, but not limited to, (i) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace 
periods) in respect of any such security, indebtedness, or guarantee, (ii) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, repudiation, challenge of the validity, or 
rescheduling of any principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such 
security, indebtedness, or guarantee, or (iii) the amendment or modification of the 
terms and conditions of payment of any principal, interest, or other amounts due in 
respect of any such security, indebtedness, or guarantee without the consent of all 
holders of such obligation. For these purposes, the determination of the existence or 
occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar Condition or event shall be 
made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of such 
governmental authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness, or guarantee. 
"Governmental authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative, executive, legislative or other 
governmental authority, or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Country 
(which with respect to the Euro shall include the European Union as well as any 
member state thereof from time to time whose currency is the Euro); 
(e)
Exchange Rate Unavailability or Illiquidity Event: It is or becomes impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for the Issuer or its affiliates to obtain an FX Rate from the 
source typically used for that rate, or to obtain a firm quote for any FX Rate; 
(f)
Nationalisation Event: Any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or 
other action by a relevant governmental authority which deprives the Issuer or its 
affiliates of all or substantially all of its assets in any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(g)
Currency Merger: If a relevant currency ceases to exist and is replaced by a new 
currency. 
(h)
Other disruptions: any other events which are economically comparable to the events 
set out in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
"FX Linked Securities" means FX Linked Notes or FX Linked Instruments, as the case may 
be. 
"FX Rate" means an Asset FX Rate, a Currency Price, a Derived Exchange Rate, the EUR/USD 
FX Rate, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate Basket" means a basket composed of each FX Rate specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" means any arrangements entered into by the Hedging Entity at any time in 
order to hedge the payment obligations of the Issuer under the FX Linked Securities including, 
without limitation, the entry into or maintenance of one or more securities, currency or 
derivatives positions, stock loan transactions or any other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described). 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of an FX Rate, that the Issuer and/or the Hedging 
Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures 
or option contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk

--- Page 372 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
373 
(including, without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any 
other relevant risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the FX 
Linked Securities or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either an FX Rate or 
the FX Linked Securities themselves.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of an FX Rate, that the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared to the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the FX Linked Securities, or 
(b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any such futures 
or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either an FX Rate or the FX 
Linked Securities themselves, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment (as an Averaging Reference Date) in accordance with these FX Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these FX Linked Conditions. 
"Interest Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment (as a Reference Date) in accordance with these FX Linked Conditions. 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, such date as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Last Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, such date as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Latest Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, such date as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Days of Postponement" means five FX Business Days or such other number of 
FX Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Modified Postponement" has the meaning given thereto in FX Linked Condition 1.2(c) 
(Single FX Rate and Averaging Reference Dates) or FX Linked Condition 1.4 (FX Rate Basket 
and Averaging Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day), as the case may be. 
"No Adjustment" has the meaning given thereto in FX Linked Condition 1.1(c) (Single FX 
Rate and Reference Dates), FX Linked Condition 1.2(d) (Single FX Rate and Averaging 
Reference Dates), FX Linked Condition 1.3(c) (FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates – 
Individual Fixing Day), FX Linked Condition 1.4(d) (FX Rate Basket and Averaging Reference 
Dates – Individual Fixing Day) or FX Linked Condition 1.5(c) (FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Common Fixing Day), as the case may be. 
"Observation Period" means the period commencing on, and including, the Observation Period 
Start Date and Time, and ending on, and including, the Observation Period End Date and Time. 
"Observation Period End Date and Time" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms and 5 p.m. New York City time.

--- Page 373 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
374 
"Observation Period Start Date and Time" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms and 5.00 a.m. Sydney time. 
"Omission" has the meaning given thereto in FX Linked Condition 1.2(a) (Single FX Rate and 
Averaging Reference Dates) or FX Linked Condition 1.4(a) (FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day), as the case may be. 
"Postponement" has the meaning given thereto in FX Linked Condition 1.2(b) (Single FX Rate 
and Averaging Reference Dates) or FX Linked Condition 1.4(b) (FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual Fixing Day), as the case may be. 
"Publication Fixing Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day on which the Fixing Price 
Sponsor publishes the relevant rate for such FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(provided that, for an FX Rate that is a Derived Exchange Rate, a Publication Fixing Day shall 
be each day on which all the respective Fixing Price Sponsor for the components of such 
Derived Exchange Rate publish the relevant rate for each such component). 
"Reference Country" means, in respect of a Reference Currency, the country specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means any currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency/Base Currency Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the 
Specified Rate of the Reference Currency/Base Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount 
of the Base Currency per unit of the Reference Currency, as reported or published by the Fixing 
Price Sponsor at or around the Valuation Time on such day, as published on the FX Price Source 
for such day. 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial Valuation Date, Valuation Date, 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reuters Screen" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any designated page, the display page 
so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other page as may replace 
that page on that service (or replace such services) for the purpose of displaying a currency 
exchange rate comparable to such FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any original date that, but for 
such day not being a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Averaging Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Scheduled 
Averaging Date or Scheduled Initial Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any original date that, 
but for such day not being a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would have been an Initial Averaging 
Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any original date that, 
but for such day not being a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would have been an Initial Valuation 
Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Scheduled Initial Valuation 
Date or Scheduled Valuation Date, provided that if the Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date or 
the Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of an 
FX Rate and (i) the Initial Valuation Date or the Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date, the 
Scheduled Reference Date shall be the Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date, and (ii) the Valuation 
Date or the Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date, the Scheduled Reference Date shall be the 
Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date.

--- Page 374 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
375 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any original date that, but for 
such day not being a Fixing Day for such FX Rate, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms, or if not so given, 
the Specified Currency. 
"Specified Rate" means the official fixing rate, official mid closing rate, spot rate, mid rate, 
fixing rate, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Spot Exchange Rate" means a rate that is based on the price for one or more actual foreign 
exchange transactions in the Spot Market involving the Currency Pair (or cross-rates 
constituting such Currency Pair) for settlement in accordance with the convention for the 
Currency Pair (such transactions being "Qualifying Transactions"), as determined on each 
Barrier Event Determination Date by the Calculation Agent. The Spot Exchange Rate of the 
Currency Pair shall be expressed as a fraction in terms of the amount of the Reference Currency 
that can be exchanged for one unit of the Base Currency, provided that: 
(a)
transactions between parties who are not dealing at arm's length or who are otherwise 
not providing good-faith fair market prices shall not be Qualifying Transactions; and 
(b)
transactions executed at off-market prices or between affiliates (even if such 
transactions are entered into at arm's length and in good faith) shall not be Qualifying 
Transactions. 
"Spot Market" means the global spot foreign exchange market, open continuously from 5.00 
a.m., Sydney time, on a Monday in any week to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Friday 
of that week. 
"Subject Currency" means any currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Subject Currency/Base Currency Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Specified 
Rate of the Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Base 
Currency per unit of the Subject Currency, as reported or published by the Fixing Price Sponsor 
at or around the Valuation Time on such day, as published on the FX Price Source for such day. 
"Subject Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the 
Specified Rate of the Subject Currency/Reference Currency exchange rate, expressed as an 
amount of the Reference Currency per unit of the Subject Currency, as reported or published by 
the Fixing Price Sponsor at or around the Valuation Time on such day, as published on the FX 
Price Source for such day. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no date is 
specified as the ''Trade Date'', the Strike Date. 
"Transaction Fixing Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day (a) on which transactions 
in such FX Rate are occurring in the global foreign exchange spot markets, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, and (b) which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centres of the Reference Currency and the Base Currency, and to the extent that the Reference 
Currency or the Base Currency is euro, a day that is also a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"USD/Affected Currency FX Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot 
USD/Affected Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of Affected Currency per unit 
of USD, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(a)
if "USD/Affected Currency FX Rate Fixing Price Sponsor Determination" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the rate reported or published by the Fixing 
Price Sponsor at the Valuation Time on such day; or 
(b)
if either (i) "USD/Affected Currency FX Rate Fixing Price Sponsor Determination" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the rate specified in 
paragraph (a) is not available on such day, or (ii) "USD/Affected Currency FX Rate

--- Page 375 ---
FX Linked Conditions 
376 
Fixing Price Sponsor Determination" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the USD/Affected Currency 
FX Rate on such day in its discretion, acting in good faith and commercially reasonable 
manner. If it is not possible, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, to 
determine USD/Affected FX Rate in accordance with the foregoing provision then the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a firm 
quotation of the rate (expressed as an amount of Affected Currency per unit of USD) 
at which the Calculation Agent is able to sell an amount of Affected Currency equal to 
the aggregate amount of Affected Currency payable in respect of the Securities for an 
amount of USD at the relevant time on such day, based upon each Reference Dealer's 
experience in the foreign exchange market for the Affected Currency and the general 
activity in such market on such day. If at least two quotations are provided, the relevant 
rate will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two quotations are 
provided, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the major banks (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) in the relevant market to provide a quotation of the rate 
(expressed as an amount of Affected Currency per unit of USD) at which the 
Calculation Agent is able to sell an amount of Affected Currency equal to the aggregate 
amount of Affected Currency payable in respect of the Securities for an amount of USD 
at the relevant time on such day.  
"USD Equivalent Amount" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "FX Disruption Event" 
or "Currency Conversion Disruption Event" to be applicable, following the occurrence of an FX 
Disruption Event or a Currency Conversion Disruption Event, as the case may be, and in respect 
of the relevant Interest Amount, Settlement Amount, Redemption Amount or other amount 
payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date (for these purposes, the "Affected 
Currency Amount"), an amount in USD determined by the Calculation Agent by converting 
the Affected Currency Amount into USD using the USD/Affected Currency FX Rate for the 
relevant FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date. 
"Valid Date" means a calendar day on which an FX Disruption Event has not occurred and on 
which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate which is: (a) an Asset FX Rate, an Asset 
FX Valuation Time or (b) a Currency Price or Derived Exchange Rate, each time in the place 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or such other time when the relevant rate of the 
FX Rate is published, as determined by the Calculation Agent).

--- Page 376 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
377 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Provisions for 
Fund Linked Notes and Fund Linked Instruments 
1. 
Consequences of Fund Market Disruption Days
2. 
Early Exercise Event or Early Redemption Event
3. 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
5. 
Consequences of a Crystallisation Event 
6. 
Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Adjustment 
7. 
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
8. 
Definitions 
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to the 
Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Fund Linked Securities commencing 
on page 41. 
These Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Fund Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Fund Linked Notes are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Fund Market Disruption Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Fund Market 
Disruption Day in respect of a Fund, then the relevant Reference Date for such Fund shall be 
the first Fund Calculation Day for such Fund following the Fund Market Disruption Event End 
Date for the relevant Reference Date for such Fund, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the 60 consecutive calendar days following such Scheduled Reference Date is either 
a Fund Market Disruption Day for such Fund or not a Fund Calculation Day for such Fund, or 
both, in which case: 
(a)
the Business Day immediately following the 60th calendar day shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Reference Date for such Fund, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Fund 
Market Disruption Day for such Fund and/or is not a Fund Calculation Day for such 
Fund; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent may determine the net asset value per share or unit of such Fund 
on such last consecutive Business Day in a commercially reasonable manner (which may 
be zero), and such net asset value shall be the Reference Price for the Reference Date for 
the relevant Reference Date.  
2.
Early Exercise Event or Early Redemption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Exercise Event (in the case of Instruments) or 
an Early Redemption Event (in the case of Notes) has occurred or is occurring, and in addition 
to, and without prejudice to, any other rights the Issuer may have under the Conditions, the 
Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to), by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with 
General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case 
may be (the "Early Exercise Notice") (in the case of Instruments) or the "Early Redemption 
Notice" (in the case of Notes), redeem all, but not some only, of the Fund Linked Securities by 
payment, for each Fund linked Security, of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early

--- Page 377 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
378 
Repayment Amount determined in respect of the EE Valuation Date (in the case of Instruments) 
or the ER Valuation Date (in the case of Notes) on the Early Exercise Date (in the case of 
Instruments) or the Early Redemption Date (in the case of Notes). 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph: 
(a)
if the Early Exercise Date or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, would 
otherwise fall on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Early Exercise Notice or the 
Early Redemption Notice, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be void and of no 
effect; and 
(b)
if a Crystallisation Event has occurred in respect of a Fund pursuant to an occurrence of 
a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event after an Early Exercise Notice or an Early 
Redemption Notice, as the case may be, has been given, the Issuer may (but shall not be 
obliged to) give notice of this event to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be (the 
"Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Notice", and the date on which the Non-
full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Notice is given shall be the "Non-full Cash 
Redemption Proceeds Notice Date"). If a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event 
Notice is given, then each Fund Linked Security shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV) on the Early Exercise Date (in the case 
of Instruments) or the Final Redemption Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV) on the 
Early Redemption Date (in the case of Notes), and shall not be redeemed by payment of 
the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount.  
3.
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred in respect of a Fund, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Fund 
and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms 
of the Fund Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the 
settlement or payment under such Fund Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility or liquidity relative to such Fund), and 
(b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
4.
Correction of Prices 
If the NAV of a Fund (or the net asset value per unit or share of such Fund, as estimated by the 
Calculation Agent) in respect of any relevant day is subsequently corrected by or on behalf of 
such Fund on or prior to the second Business Day immediately preceding the date in respect of 
which any amount may be payable under the Fund Linked Securities, where whether such 
amount is payable or the quantity of such amount is determined by reference to such NAV or 
net asset value per unit or share of such Fund, as estimated by the Calculation Agent for such 
relevant day, then the corrected NAV of such Fund shall be deemed to be the NAV or net asset 
value per unit or share of such Fund, as estimated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such 
relevant day, provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall not be required to use such 
corrected NAV of such Fund to make or revise any calculations which it has made. 
5.
Consequences of a Crystallisation Event 
5.1
A "Crystallisation Event" shall have occurred in respect of a Fund if the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i)
a Potential Crystallisation Event has occurred or is continuing in 
relation to such Fund (a "Affected Fund") (including, for the 
purposes of this Fund Linked Condition 5 only, any cell, 
compartment or any segregated portfolios of such Fund) or any 
shares or units issued by such Fund, on any day in the period 
commencing on, and including, the Trade Date and ending on, and

--- Page 378 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
379 
including, (a) in respect of any Potential Crystallisation Event other 
than a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, a Scheduled 
Reference Date, or (b) in respect of a Potential Crystallisation Event 
that is a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, the Maturity 
Date; and  
(ii)
such Potential Crystallisation Event could (a) materially interfere 
with the ability of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliate(s) to unwind, 
maintain or establish all or a material portion of the hedge positions 
of the Issuer (and/or its affiliates) in respect of the Fund Linked 
Securities, and/or (b) materially change the risks associated with 
maintaining such hedge positions,  
and the date on which the Calculation Agent makes the determinations under sub-paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) above in relation to such Potential Crystallisation Event and such Crystallisation Event 
shall be the "Crystallisation Event Date" for such events, provided that, if the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that any event 
amounts to both a Fund Market Disruption Event and also a Crystallisation Event, then the 
Calculation Agent may in its discretion determine that such event shall be a Fund Market 
Disruption Event and that the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Fund 
Market Disruption Days) shall apply to such event, and that the provisions of this Fund Linked 
Condition 5 shall not apply to such event. 
5.2
Subject to the provisos in Fund Linked Condition 5.4 below, on the occurrence of a 
Crystallisation Event in respect of a Fund, the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to), acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, (i) replace such Fund with a replacement 
asset or basket of assets that preserves as closely as commercially practicable the original 
economic and investment objective of such Fund (the "Substitution Asset") with effect from 
the Substitution Date, and (ii) make such adjustments to the terms of the Fund Linked Securities 
(including, without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the calculation or payment under 
the Fund Linked Securities) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Fund Linked Securities of the occurrence or existence of such 
Crystallisation Event and the replacement of such Fund with the Substitution Asset and to 
preserve the original economic objective and rationale of the Fund Linked Securities. If a 
Crystallisation Event in respect of a Fund has occurred pursuant to an occurrence of a Non-full 
Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, then the provisions of the preceding sentence and the 
determination of the Substitution Asset shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions of Fund Linked Condition 6 (Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event 
Adjustment). 
5.3
Following the Substitution Date for an Affected Fund and in respect of any relevant day, any 
reference to such Affected Fund shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitution Asset and 
any reference to the NAV of such Affected Fund on such day shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the net asset value of the Substitution Asset (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on such 
day. 
5.4
Provided that: 
(i)
if the date that would be selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to be the 
"Substitution Date" in respect of such Crystallisation Event falls or 
would fall, as is applicable, after the relevant Scheduled Reference 
Date, the replacement of such Affected Fund with the Substitution 
Asset shall not take place; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that the Issuer is unable, for whatever 
reason, to select an appropriate asset or basket of assets to be a 
Substitution Asset and/or to replace such Affected Fund with a 
Substitution Asset,

--- Page 379 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
380 
then, in either case, the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Fund Linked Securities on the Maturity Date (Crystallisation Event) by payment of the 
Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) (in the case of Instruments) or the Final Redemption 
Amount (Crystallisation Event) (in the case of Notes) on the Maturity Date (Crystallisation 
Event) by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) (the "Crystallisation Event Exercise Notice") or General Note Condition 20 
(Notices), (the "Crystallisation Event Redemption Notice"), as the case may be, that the Fund 
Linked Securities shall be so redeemed.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Fund Linked Securities are redeemed on the Maturity Date 
(Crystallisation Event) by payment of the Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) or the 
Maturity Date (Crystallisation Event), as the case may be, in respect of each Fund Linked 
Security, the Settlement Amount (in the case of Instruments) or the Final Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Notes) specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall not be payable on the Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer may give more than one Crystallisation Event Exercise Notice or Crystallisation 
Event Redemption Notice, as the case may be, subject to the above provisions, and the latest 
valid Crystallisation Event Exercise Notice or Crystallisation Event Redemption Notice, as the 
case may be, will prevail and the Fund Linked Securities will be redeemed by payment of the 
Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) or Final Redemption Amount (Crystallisation 
Event), as the case may be, or determined by reference to the latest valid Crystallisation Event 
Exercise Notice or Crystallisation Event Redemption Notice, as the case may be. 
6.
Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Adjustment 
In relation to any determination, or calculations of any amount, or adjustments, or any other 
matter or variable under the terms of the Fund Linked Securities that is required to be determined 
or quantified, if a Crystallisation Event has occurred in respect of a Fund pursuant to an 
occurrence of a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, then, for the purposes of making 
such determinations or calculations or adjustments, those portions of distributions paid in cash 
and any liquidation proceeds of any in specie redemptions, both received on or before the 
relevant Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date will be included in such calculations and 
determinations, and those distributions and proceeds that are not received or not able to be 
readily liquidated for cash on or before the relevant Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date 
will be valued at zero. 
The determination, adjustments and/or calculations described above shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
7.
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(c)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Fund Linked Securities, including without limitation, any variable or term 
relevant to the settlement or payment under such Fund Linked Securities, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional Disruption 
Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(d)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Fund Linked Securities by giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Fund Linked Securities are so 
redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Fund Linked 
Security held by such Holder an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment 
Amount of such Fund Linked Security, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner

--- Page 380 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
381 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 
(Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
8.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Fund 
Linked Securities to which these Fund Linked Conditions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
(each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"AUM" means, in respect of a Fund, the assets under management of the relevant Reference 
Fund as calculated and published by the relevant Reference Fund or the Fund Service Provider 
of such Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"AUM Threshold" means 75 per cent. (75%), unless a different percentage is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"AUM(t)" means, in respect of a Fund, the AUM of the relevant Reference Fund in respect of 
the relevant day. 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), provided that if the relevant Applicable 
Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Exercise 
Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business Days after 
the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means such date as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), provided that if the relevant 
Applicable Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic 
Early Redemption Date in respect of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the 
number of Business Days equal to the Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement 
Period Business Days after the Latest Reference Date corresponding to such Applicable Date.  
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Fund, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and (i) in the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to a single Fund, if any such day is 
not a Fund Calculation Day, the next following day that is a Fund Calculation Day (each such 
day, following such adjustment, a "Scheduled Averaging Date"), or (ii) in the case of Fund 
Linked Securities linked to a Fund Basket, if any such day is not a Common Fund Calculation 
Day, the next following day that is a Common Fund Calculation Day (each such day, following 
such adjustment, a "Scheduled Averaging Date"), subject to adjustment in accordance with 
these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Fund which is subject to a 
Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, the 60th calendar day following the Crystallisation 
Event Date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-full Cash Redemption 
Proceeds Event has occurred in respect of such Fund. 
"Common Fund Calculation Day" means, in respect of a Fund Basket, a day that is a Fund 
Calculation Day for each of the Funds included in such Fund Basket.  
"Dealing Charge Threshold" means 0.20 per cent. (0.20%), unless a different percentage is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Early Exercise Date" means the later of (i) the tenth Business Day following the EE Valuation 
Date, and (ii) (if applicable) the tenth Business Day following the Cash Redemption Proceeds 
Cut-off Date (or if there is a Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date in respect of two or more 
Funds, the latest Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date to occur).

--- Page 381 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
382 
"Early Exercise Event" means a Change in Law Event (as defined in General Instrument 
Condition 18 (Change in law)). 
"Early Redemption Date" means the later of (i) the tenth Business Day following the ER 
Valuation Date, and (ii) (if applicable) the tenth Business Day following the Cash Redemption 
Proceeds Cut-off Date (or if there is a Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date in respect of 
two or more Funds, the latest Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date to occur).  
"Early Redemption Event" means a Change in Law Event (as defined in General Note 
Condition 17 (Change in law)). 
"EE Valuation Date" means such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the Early Exercise Notice, to 
determine the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount following the occurrence of an Early 
Exercise Event, provided that such date must fall on or after the date on which the Early Exercise 
Event occurred and on or after the date of the Early Exercise Notice. 
"ER Valuation Date" means such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the Early Redemption Notice, 
to determine the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount following the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event, provided that such date must fall on or after the date on which the Early 
Redemption Event occurred and on or after the date of the Early Redemption Notice. 
"Final Redemption Amount (Crystallisation Event))" means, in respect of each Note (of the 
Specified Denomination), an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the sum of (i) (a) if a 
Protection Level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the product of (I) the Specified 
Denomination, multiplied by (II) the Protection Level, otherwise (b) zero, plus (ii) the Option 
Value, plus (iii) the Option Value Accrued Interest.  
"Final Redemption Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV)" means an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, equal to the sum of: 
(i)
(a) if a Protection Level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, (I) 
if the Early Redemption Date falls before the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the present value of the Pre-Discounted Amount, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, by applying the relevant discount rate (as 
selected in the discretion of the Calculation Agent) to the Pre-
Discounted Amount over the period commencing on, and including, 
the Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-Off Date (or if there is a Cash 
Redemption Proceeds Cut-Off Date in respect of two or more Funds, 
the latest Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-Off Date to occur), and 
ending on, but excluding, the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (II) if the 
Early Redemption Date falls on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the Pre-Discounted Amount, otherwise, (b) zero; plus
(ii)
an amount in the Specified Currency determined in the same manner 
as the "Option Value", but where the date the Crystallisation Event 
Redemption Notice is given shall be deemed to be the Acceleration 
Notice Date.  
The determination of the Final Redemption Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV) shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 6 (Non-full 
Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Adjustment). 
"Fund" means, subject to adjustment and/or substitution in accordance with these Fund Linked 
Conditions, each fund specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
"Fund Basket" means a basket composed of Funds, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 382 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
383 
"Fund Calculation Day" means, in respect of a Fund, a day on which the NAV of such Fund 
is scheduled to be calculated and reported by such Fund or the Fund Service Provider of such 
Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Prospectus" means, in respect of a Fund and any relevant date, the prospectus of such 
Fund as of the Trade Date, as amended, updated and/or supplemented from time to time up to, 
and including, such date. 
"Fund Market Disruption Day" means, in respect of a Fund, any Fund Calculation Day for 
such Fund on which a Fund Market Disruption Event in respect of such Fund has occurred or is 
continuing. 
"Fund Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund, (a) a suspension or limitation 
of subscriptions or redemptions in such Fund on any Fund Calculation Day, or (b) a failure to 
receive valuations for (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the non-publication or 
non-availability of the NAV or any relevant net asset value) such Fund on any Fund Calculation 
Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and provided that, if the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that any event amounts to both a Fund Market Disruption Event 
and also a Crystallisation Event, then the Calculation Agent may in its discretion determine that 
such event shall be a Crystallisation Event and that the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 5 
(Consequences of a Crystallisation Event) shall apply to such event, and that the provisions of 
Fund Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Fund Market Disruption Days) shall not apply to 
such event. 
"Fund Market Disruption Event End Date" means, in respect of a Fund, the day on which 
the relevant Fund Market Disruption Event in respect of such Fund ceases to exist.  
"Fund Reference Price" means, in respect of a Fund and any relevant date, the NAV of such 
Fund for such date, adjusted to account for any subscription or redemption costs or dealing 
charges that would have been charged to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliate(s) by such Fund, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund, including the investment manager, investment 
adviser, fund administrator, trustee, depository, custodian, prime broker, registrar, transfer 
agent, and any other person specified as such in the relevant Fund Prospectus.  
"Fund Service Provider Agreement" means, in respect of a Fund, an agreement entered into 
by, or on behalf of, such Fund and a Fund Service Provider of such Fund. 
"Hedge Positions" means any arrangements entered into by the Hedging Entity at any time in 
order to hedge the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Fund Linked Securities including, 
without limitation, the entry into or maintenance of one or more securities, currency or 
derivatives positions, stock loan transactions or any other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described). 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of a Fund, that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option 
contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the Fund Linked Securities 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either a Fund or the Fund Linked 
Securities themselves.  
"Holding Threshold" means 10 per cent. (10%), unless a different percentage is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 383 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
384 
"Initial Averaging Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
(i) in the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to a single Fund, if any such day is not a Fund 
Calculation Day, the next following day that is a Fund Calculation Day (each such day, 
following such adjustment, a "Scheduled Initial Averaging Date"), or (ii) in the case of Fund 
Linked Securities linked to a Fund Basket, if any such day is not a Common Fund Calculation 
Day, the next following day that is a Common Fund Calculation Day (each such day, following 
such adjustment, a "Scheduled Initial Averaging Date"), subject to adjustment in accordance 
with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and (i) 
in respect of Fund Linked Securities linked to a single Fund, if any such day is not a Fund 
Calculation Day, the next following day that is a Fund Calculation Day (each such day, 
following such adjustment, a "Scheduled Initial Valuation Date"), or (ii) in respect of Fund 
Linked Securities linked to a Fund Basket, if any such day is not a Common Fund Calculation 
Day, the next following day that is a Common Fund Calculation Day (each such day, following 
such adjustment, a "Scheduled Initial Valuation Date"), subject to adjustment in accordance 
with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of a Fund, that the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared to the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Fund Linked Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any such futures 
or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to either a Fund or the Fund 
Linked Securities themselves, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Last Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Fund, the Averaging Date for such Fund 
scheduled to fall on the date specified as the "Last Averaging Date" in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Fund, the Initial Averaging Date for such 
Fund scheduled to fall on the date specified as the "Last Initial Averaging Date" in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Latest Reference Date" means, (i) in respect of Fund Linked Securities linked to a single Fund 
and a Reference Date, such Reference Date, and (ii) in respect of Fund Linked Securities linked 
to a Fund Basket and a Reference Date, (a) if as a result of the occurrence of a Fund Market 
Disruption Day for one or more Funds in such Fund Basket, such Reference Date for one or 
more Funds falls on different dates, the latest of such dates to occur, or (b) if such Reference 
Date for all of the Funds falls on the same date (after adjustment, if any, for Fund Market 
Disruption Days for such Funds), such same date corresponding to such Reference Date.  
"Maturity Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and (ii) the last Business Day in the Maturity Settlement Period following the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of the Relevant Determination Date, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 5 (Consequences of a Crystallisation 
Event).  
"Maturity Date (Crystallisation Event)" means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
such later date as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that such later date shall not 
be later than the tenth Business Day after the date on which the Crystallisation Event Exercise 
Notice (in the case of Instruments) or the Crystallisation Event Redemption Notice (in the case 
of Notes) is given, and (ii) the tenth Business Day following the Cash Redemption Proceeds 
Cut-off Date, if the Crystallisation Event comprises or includes a Non-full Cash Redemption 
Proceeds Event (or if there is a Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date in respect of two or 
more Funds, the latest Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date to occur).

--- Page 384 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
385 
"Maturity Settlement Period" means five Business Days, unless a different number of 
Business Days is specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Maximum AUM" means, in respect of a Fund and any relevant day and the relevant Reference 
Fund, the highest AUM (which may include any estimated AUM by the Calculation Agent) in 
the six-month period ending on the day immediately preceding such day. 
"Maximum NAV" means, in respect of a Fund and any relevant day, the highest NAV (which 
may include any estimated net asset value by the Calculation Agent) of such Fund in the six-
month period ending on the day immediately preceding such day. 
"NAV" means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value per unit or share of such Fund as 
calculated and reported by such Fund or the Fund Service Provider of such Fund. 
"NAV Threshold" means, in respect of a Fund, 85 per cent. (85%), unless a different percentage 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"NAV(t)" means, in respect of a Fund, the NAV of such Fund in respect of the relevant day. 
"Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event" shall have the meaning given to it in sub-
paragraph (iii) (Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event) in the definition of "Potential 
Crystallisation Event". 
"Observation Date (closing valuation)" means, in respect of (i) in respect of Fund Linked 
Securities linked to a single Fund, and (a) an Observation Period that is not an Autocall 
Observation Period, each Fund Calculation Day falling in such Observation Period regardless 
of whether such day is a Fund Market Disruption Day, or (b) an Autocall Observation Period, 
each Fund Calculation Day falling in such Autocall Observation Period which is not a Fund 
Market Disruption Day, or (ii) in respect of Fund Linked Securities linked to a Fund Basket, 
and (a) an Observation Period that is not an Autocall Observation Period, each Common Fund 
Calculation Day falling in such Observation Period regardless of whether such day is a Fund 
Market Disruption Day for any Fund in the Fund Basket, or (b) an Autocall Observation Period, 
each Fund Calculation Day falling in such Autocall Observation Period which is not a Fund 
Market Disruption Day for any Fund in the Fund Basket.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Fund, a Barrier Observation Period, a Trigger 
Observation Period, an Autocall Observation Period or a Coupon Barrier Observation Period. 
"Option" means, in respect of a Fund Linked Security, the option component or embedded 
derivative(s) in respect of the Nominal Amount (in the case of Instruments) or the Specified 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) which provides exposure to the Fund or each Fund in the 
Fund Basket, as the case may be, the terms of which are fixed on the Issue Date in order to 
enable the Issuer to issue such Fund Linked Security at the relevant price and on the relevant 
terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and 
acting in good faith. For the avoidance of doubt, the bond component in respect (if any) of the 
Nominal Amount (in the case of Instruments) or the Specified Denomination (in the case of 
Notes) of the Fund Linked Securities is excluded from the Option. 
"Option Value" means, in respect of each Fund Linked Security, the value (if any) of the 
Option, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day and 
time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the date the Crystallisation Event Exercise 
Notice or the Crystallisation Event Redemption Notice, as the case may be, is given by reference 
to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without 
limitation: 
(A)
market prices or values of shares or other assets in the Fund or each Fund in the Fund 
Basket, as the case may be, and other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates, 
dividend rates, financing costs, the value, price or level of any futures or options relating 
to shares or other assets in the Fund or each Fund in the Fund Basket, as the case may 
be, the volatility of the Fund or each Fund in the Fund Basket, as the case may be, or 
other reference asset(s) and exchange rates (if applicable));

--- Page 385 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
386 
(B)
the time remaining to maturity of such Fund Linked Security had it remained outstanding 
to scheduled maturity; 
(C)
internal pricing models; and 
(D)
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option, which for the 
avoidance of doubt may take into account, but not limited to, the actual or anticipated 
subscription or redemption costs or dealing charges in relation to the Affected 
Underlying Fund,  
and converted into the Settlement Currency (in the case of Instruments) or the Specified 
Currency (in the case of Notes) at a rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If a Crystallisation Event has occurred pursuant to an 
occurrence of a Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event, then such determination of the 
Option Value shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Fund Linked 
Condition 6 (Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event Adjustment).  
"Option Value Accrued Interest" means, in respect of each Fund Linked Security, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency or Specified Currency (as applicable) equal to the sum of the interest 
amounts calculated in respect of each day in the period commencing on, but excluding, the day 
on which the Option Value is determined and ending on, but excluding, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, where each such interest amount is determined as the product of (i) the Option Value, (ii) 
an overnight interest rate or an achievable market rate of interest for the Settlement Currency or 
Specified Currency (as applicable) and the relevant day and (iii) a day count fraction customary 
for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the Settlement Currency (in the case of 
Instruments) or the Specified Currency (in the case of Notes), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and acting in good faith.  
"Original Fund Prospectus" means, in respect of a Fund, the prospectus of such Fund as of the 
Trade Date (including any supplements up to such date), excluding any subsequent 
amendments, updates and/or supplements. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Fund: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant 
number of units, shares or interests of such Fund or amount of such 
unit, share or interest, or a free distribution or dividend by such Fund 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Fund of 
(a) an additional amount per unit, share or interest of such Fund, or 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of such Fund or of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by such 
Fund as a result of spin-off or (c) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent;  
(iii)
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv)
a repurchase by such Fund whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of such Fund initiated by an investor of such Fund; or 
(v)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on 
the theoretical value of such Fund as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Potential Crystallisation Event" means the occurrence of any of the events listed below in 
relation to a Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 386 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
387 
(i)
Winding-Up of a Fund or Investment Adviser: either (a) such Fund 
or its investment adviser is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or 
otherwise becomes insolvent or goes into liquidation (other than for 
the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation) or if a liquidator, 
administrator or equivalent is appointed in respect of such party or a 
substantial part of its assets or (b) such Fund is the subject of a court 
order for its winding up or liquidation or other cessation of trading of 
such Fund or any units or shares issued by such Fund; 
(ii)
Fund Service Provider and Fund Agreements: any of (a) the 
termination of the relevant Fund Service Provider Agreement, unless 
a replacement Fund Service Provider has been appointed, (b) the 
breach of any contractual obligations by a Fund Service Provider 
under the relevant Fund Service Provider Agreement which results 
in an increase in any of the costs or fees from that set out in the 
relevant Original Fund Prospectus, (c) in respect of the investment 
management or investment advisory agreement, any actual or 
potential termination of the investment management or investment 
advisory agreement, in each case, as notified by the management 
company or directors of such Fund or (d) any other significant change 
from that set out in the relevant Original Fund Prospectus, which 
would have significant impact on the investors, including (but not 
limited to) change in currency, incorporation, domicile, or a 
significant change in any Fund Service Provider including any of the 
affiliates of the investment manager or investment adviser taking 
over such duties; 
(iii)
Non-full Cash Redemption Proceeds Event: such Fund, or the Fund 
Service Provider acting on behalf of such Fund, to effect 
subscriptions and redemptions in units or shares issued by such Fund, 
fails to accept or execute subscriptions or redemptions wholly in cash 
and/or in accordance with any settlement schedule provided in the 
relevant Original Fund Prospectus, (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall disregard any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting such Fund to delay or refuse redemption in 
full) (including the Calculation Agent becoming aware that the 
redemption proceeds that would be paid to an investor (being a 
financial institution or its affiliates based in the same jurisdiction as 
the Issuer) of such Fund in respect of redemption of a fund share 
differs from the NAV of such fund share), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
(iv)
Application of Recurrent Cost and Charges on a Fund: in respect of 
any day, the aggregate subscription or redemption costs or dealing 
charges incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates over the 
preceding twelve-month period ending on the day immediately 
preceding such day, relating to the units or shares issued by such 
Fund, exceeds an amount equal to the aggregate of the Dealing 
Charge Threshold of the NAV of each unit or share of such Fund that 
is subscribed for, redeemed or otherwise dealt with by the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates in unwinding, maintaining or establishing 
a hedge in respect of the Fund Linked Securities;  
(v)
Dealing Restrictions: any of (a) a decrease in the frequency of 
dealing in any units or shares issued by such Fund from the frequency 
stipulated in relation to such Fund in the relevant Original Fund 
Prospectus, (b) the imposition of any dealing restrictions in relation 
to any units or shares issued by such Fund not specified in the 
relevant Original Fund Prospectus including, without limitation, a 
minimum or maximum dealing size (including any increase in

--- Page 387 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
388 
dealing size, whether or not applicable solely to the Issuer and/or any 
of its affiliates), a delay (partial or otherwise) in dealing, an extension 
of the notice period, or material change in the notice times, for 
dealing, a suspension or termination of subscription, redemption 
(including by way of redemption in specie) or settlement, (c) a failure 
by such Fund to accept subscriptions or execute redemptions in full, 
(d) any comparable restriction imposed on any similar method for 
increasing or decreasing exposure to such Fund not specified in the 
relevant Original Fund Prospectus; 
(vi)
Breach of Investment Guidelines and Restrictions: any material 
deviation from the investment guidelines or breach of the investment 
restrictions of such Fund set out in relation to such Fund in the 
relevant Original Fund Prospectus; 
(vii)
Change to Investment Guidelines: an official, announced, material 
change to the investment guidelines of such Fund which changes the 
investment objective of such Fund as specified in the relevant 
Original Fund Prospectus; 
(viii)
Regulatory or Legal Action: regulatory action, litigation, dispute or 
legal proceedings against such Fund, or its investment adviser or any 
Fund Service Provider of such Fund that has a material adverse effect 
on the functioning, operations, inflows or outflows of such Fund; 
(ix)
Loss of licence or Authority: such Fund, or its investment adviser or 
any Fund Service Provider of such Fund (a) loses any relevant licence 
or new conditions are imposed on such licence or (b) has any 
regulatory authorisation, registration or approval cancelled, 
suspended, revoked or removed for whatever reason, which has a 
material adverse effect on the functioning, operations, inflows or 
outflows of such Fund; 
(x)
Regulatory Event: either (a) the Calculation Agent determines at any 
time, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that as a result of (I) the adoption of or any change in any relevant 
law or regulation (or any interpretation thereof) or any change to the 
regulatory capital treatment of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates 
or its obligations under the Fund Linked Securities or any hedging 
transactions in respect of the Fund Linked Securities, (II) the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal, government or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any relevant law or regulation (including without 
limitation the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 
2010), or (III) the public or private statement or action by, or response 
of, any relevant authority or regulatory agency or any official or 
representative thereof acting in an official capacity, in each case from 
the circumstances in existence as at the Trade Date, (A) the 
regulatory treatment of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates in respect 
of its obligations under or exposure to the Fund Linked Securities or 
such Fund or any hedging transactions in respect of the Fund Linked 
Securities or such Fund has become materially less favourable to the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates than was originally contemplated, 
(B) the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates have incurred or there is a 
reasonable likelihood that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates will 
incur a materially increased cost, or will be subject to materially 
increased regulatory capital requirements, in the performance of its 
obligations under or execution of any hedging transactions in respect 
of the Fund Linked Securities or such Fund (including any increase 
in capital charges or decrease in capital or capital ratios) or (C) that 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates will incur an obligation to post

--- Page 388 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
389 
margin or other collateral, or the ability of the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates to perform its obligations under or execution of any hedging 
transactions in respect of the Fund Linked Securities or such Fund 
would otherwise be materially adversely affected; or (b) due to the 
promulgation of any rule, regulation or guideline under the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (including, 
without limitation, Section 619 thereof), the Issuer determines in 
good faith that, (I) it is or will within the next 30 calendar days 
become illegal and/or a breach of any rule or guideline for it to 
purchase or hold interest in such Fund, or to perform its obligations 
under or to execute any hedging transactions in respect of the Fund 
Linked Securities or such Fund; (II) continuing to perform its 
obligations under or to execute any hedging transactions in respect 
of the Fund Linked Securities or such Fund will impose significant 
unanticipated costs or compliance burdens on it and/or its affiliates; 
and/or (III) there is or will within the next 30 calendar days be a 
material restriction on it purchasing or holding interest in such Fund 
or performing its obligations under or executing any hedging 
transactions in respect of the Fund Linked Securities or such Fund; 
(xi)
Reporting Disruption Event: either (a) the occurrence of an event 
affecting the units or the shares of a Fund that in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner would make it impossible for the Calculation 
Agent to determine with value of such units or shares, or (b) any 
failure by such Fund or a Fund Service Provider to deliver 
information or valuation that such Fund has agreed to deliver 
(including, but not limited to, the non-publication or non-availablity 
of the NAV or any relevant net asset value by such Fund or the 
relevant Fund Service Provider that is ibliged to deliver), in case, 
where such event is occurring or subsisting in respect of at least five 
consecutive Fund Calculation Days; 
(xii)
Tax Event: any change in tax law or interpretation of tax law which 
would affect payments made to investors in, or an investor having 
exposure to, such Fund; 
(xiii)
Maximum AUM Event: on any day at any time, the total exposure of 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to the relevant Reference Fund 
(in physical and synthetic form) is greater than the Holding 
Threshold of the AUM of the relevant Reference Fund, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
(xiv)
Material Adverse Fund Event: In respect of an Fund on any relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, any of the following 
occurs:  
(A)
the quotient of (I) the NAV(t) of such Fund, divided by (II) 
the Maximum NAV of such Fund, is less than the NAV 
Threshold, adjusted for any Potential Adjustment Event, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(B)
the quotient of (I) the AUM(t) of such Fund, divided by (II) 
the Maximum AUM of such Fund, is less than the AUM 
Threshold, adjusted for any Potential Adjustment Event, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C)
the annualised daily realised volatility of such Fund 
calculated over the six-month period ending on the day 
immediately preceding such day is greater than the

--- Page 389 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
390 
Volatility Threshold, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Pre-Discounted Amount" means, in respect of (i) an Instrument, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the product of (A) the Nominal Amount, multiplied by (B) the Protection 
Level; or (ii) a Note, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the product of (A) the 
Specified Denomination, multiplied by (B) the Protection Level.  
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Initial Averaging Date or Valuation Date, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Reference Fund" means, in respect of a Fund, the fund specified as the "Reference Fund" in 
respect of such Fund in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of a Fund, any original date that, but for such 
day being a Fund Market Disruption Day for such Fund, would have been an Initial Valuation 
Date, an Initial Averaging Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event))" means, in respect of an Instrument (of the 
Nominal Amount), an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the sum of (i) (a) if a 
Protection Level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the product of (I) the Nominal Amount, 
multiplied by (II) the Protection Level, otherwise (b) zero, plus (ii) the Option Value, plus (iii) 
the Option Value Accrued Interest.  
"Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV)" means an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, equal to the sum of: 
(i)
(a) if a Protection Level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, (I) 
if the Early Exercise Date falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the present value of the Pre-Discounted Amount, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, by applying the relevant discount rate (as 
selected in the discretion of the Calculation Agent) to the Pre-
Discounted Amount over the period commencing on, and including, 
the Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date (or if there is a Cash 
Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date in respect of two or more Funds, 
the latest Cash Redemption Proceeds Cut-off Date to occur), and 
ending on, but excluding, the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (II) if the 
Early Exercise Date falls on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the Pre-Discounted Amount, otherwise (b) zero; plus
(ii)
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined in the same 
manner as the "Option Value", but where the date the Crystallisation 
Event Exercise Notice is given shall be deemed to be the 
Acceleration Notice Date. 
The determination of the Settlement Amount (Crystallisation Event) (PV) shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 6 (Non-full Cash 
Redemption Proceeds Event Adjustment).
"Substitution Date" means the date as determined by the Calculation Agent on which the 
replacement of an Affected Fund with a Substitution Asset and any relevant adjustments to the 
terms of the Fund Linked Securities shall be deemed to be effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and (i) in the 
case of Fund Linked Securities linked to a single Fund, if any such day is not a Fund Calculation 
Day, the next following day that is a Fund Calculation Day (each such day, following such 
adjustment, a "Scheduled Valuation Date"), or (ii) in the case of Fund Linked Securities linked 
to a Fund Basket, if any such day is not a Common Fund Calculation Day, the next following

--- Page 390 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
391 
day that is a Common Fund Calculation Day (each such day, following such adjustment, a 
"Scheduled Valuation Date"), subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked 
Conditions.  
"Volatility Threshold" means 10 per cent. (10%), unless a different percentage is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 391 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
392 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment, Modification and Disruption Conditions for 
Futures Contract Linked Notes and Futures Contract Linked Instruments
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days, Non-Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days or Disrupted DaysConsequences of Non-
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days, Non-Common Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Days or Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates 
1.2
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates - Individual Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Individual Disrupted Day 
1.3
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day 
1.4
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Common Disrupted Day 
2.
Successor Entity Calculates and Reports a Futures Contract Reference Price 
3.
Corrections to Published Futures Contract Reference Prices 
4.
Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Futures Contract or Futures Contract Basket 
5.
Change in law 
6.
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
7.
Rolling Futures Provisions 
8.
Definitions 
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to the 
Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Futures Contract Linked Securities 
on page 60. 
These Futures Contract Linked Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that the Futures Contract Linked Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that the Futures Contract Linked Notes are applicable.

--- Page 392 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
393 
1.
Consequences of Non-Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days, Non-Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days or Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates 
Where the Futures Contract Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate 
to a single Futures Contract and such Issue Terms specify "Single Futures Contract and 
Pricing Dates - Consequences of Disrupted Days" to be applicable to the Futures Contract 
(and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Initial 
Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates or 
Pricing Dates only): 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Futures Contract is a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day for such Futures Contract, then the Pricing Date for such Futures Contract shall be 
such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of such 
Futures Contract is not a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day, then the Pricing 
Date in respect of such Futures Contract shall be the first succeeding day that is a 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day for such Futures Contract; 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Pricing Date in respect of such Futures 
Contract is a Disrupted Day and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the consequence 
("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a 
Relevant Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the 
relevant Futures Contract Reference Price and any other information that it 
deems relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Futures 
Contract shall be postponed to the first succeeding Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Futures Contract, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect 
of such Futures Contract immediately following such Pricing Date is a 
Disrupted Day for such Futures Contract. In that case: 
the Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day immediately following 
the expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be deemed to 
be the Pricing Date for such Futures Contract, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such 
Futures Contract; and 
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
(1)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Futures Contract 
shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, notwithstanding that 
such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for such 
Futures Contract, and the Relevant Price shall be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination on such Pricing Date, and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price 
in respect of the relevant Pricing Date;

--- Page 393 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
394 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(e)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(f)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Futures Contract and, the relevant Issue Terms does not specify a Disruption 
Fallback, then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed 
to have been specified; and 
(g)
if:  
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.1 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Futures Contract Linked Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Futures Contract Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22  (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
1.2
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates - Individual Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Futures Contract Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate 
to a Futures Contract Basket and such Issue Terms specifies "Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates - Basket Valuation (Individual Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Futures Contracts (and, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies that this provision shall apply to particular Initial Pricing 
Dates or Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing 
Dates only), and (unless otherwise, and to the extent, specified in the relevant Issue Terms), 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Futures Contract in the Futures Contract Basket is a Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day for such Futures Contract, then the Pricing 
Date for such Futures Contract shall be such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date in respect of any 
Futures Contract in the Futures Contract Basket is not a Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day for such Futures Contract, then the Pricing Date in respect of such 
Futures Contract shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day for such Futures Contract; 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Pricing Date for a Futures Contract is a 
Disrupted Day for such Futures Contract, and, if the relevant Issue Terms specifies the 
consequence ("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a

--- Page 394 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
395 
Relevant Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the 
relevant Futures Contract Reference Price and any other information that it 
deems relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Futures 
Contract shall be postponed to the first succeeding Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Futures Contract, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect 
of such Futures Contract immediately following such Pricing Date is a 
Disrupted Day for such Futures Contract. In that case: 
the Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day immediately following 
the expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be deemed to 
be the Pricing Date for such Futures Contract, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such 
Futures Contract; and 
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to Calculation 
Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
(1)
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Pricing Date for such Futures Contract 
shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for any 
Futures Contract, and the Relevant Price shall be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination on such Pricing Date, and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price 
in respect of the relevant Pricing Date; 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(e)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(f)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Futures Contract and, the relevant Issue Terms does not specify a Disruption 
Fallback, then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed 
to have been specified; and 
(g)
if: 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.2 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders,

--- Page 395 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
396 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Futures Contract Linked Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Futures Contract Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
1.3
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day 
Where the Futures Contract Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate 
to a Futures Contract Basket and such Issue Terms specifies "Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Futures Contracts (such 
Futures Contracts being "Common Basket Futures Contracts" and each a "Common Basket 
Futures Contract" for the purposes of this Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3) (and, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Initial Pricing Dates or 
Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates only), 
the following provisions shall apply (unless otherwise, and to the extent, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms): 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date is a Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each 
Common Basket Futures Contract, then the Pricing Date for each Common Basket 
Futures Contract shall be such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (I) any Scheduled Pricing Date is a Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day but is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Futures Contracts, or (II) any Scheduled Pricing Date is not a 
Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day, in which case the Pricing Date for 
each Common Basket Futures Contract shall be the first succeeding Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day following such Scheduled Pricing Date, 
provided that if such Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Common Basket Futures Contracts, then, in respect of (I) and (II) 
the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Futures 
Contract, then the Pricing Date for such Common Basket Futures Contract 
shall be such Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day; 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Futures 
Contract (such Common Basket Futures Contracts being "Affected Common 
Basket Futures Contracts" for such Pricing Date, and each such Common 
Basket Futures Contract being an "Affected Common Basket Futures 
Contract" for such Pricing Date), and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the 
consequence ("Disruption Fallback"): 
"Calculation Agent Determination" to be applicable, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Price (or a method for 
determining a Relevant Price), for such Affected Common Basket 
Futures Contract taking into consideration the latest available 
quotation for the relevant Futures Contract Reference Price and any 
other information that it deems relevant on such Pricing Date; 
"Postponement" to be applicable, then the Pricing Date for such 
Affected Common Basket Futures Contract shall be postponed to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day in respect of

--- Page 396 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
397 
such Affected Common Basket Futures Contract, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Days equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption in respect of such Affected Common Basket 
Futures Contract immediately following the Common Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day is a Disrupted Day for such Affected 
Common Basket Futures Contract. In that case: 
(1)
the Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day immediately 
following the expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for such Affected 
Common Basket Futures Contract, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day may, or may not, be a Disrupted Day for such 
Affected Common Basket Futures Contract; and 
(2)
the Relevant Price for the Pricing Date will be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination; 
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be 
applicable, then the Pricing Date for each Common Basket Futures 
Contract shall be the Scheduled Pricing Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket 
Futures Contract, and the Relevant Price shall be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination on such Pricing Date, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(F) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price in respect of the relevant 
Pricing Date; 
(c)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that one or more of the Disruption Fallbacks may 
apply to any Pricing Date, and that such applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply 
concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(d)
the relevant Issue Terms may provide that different Disruption Fallbacks may apply in 
respect of different Pricing Dates; 
(e)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Futures Contract and, the relevant Issue Terms do not specify a Disruption 
Fallback, then the Disruption Fallback of "Postponement" (with five (5) Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption) will be deemed 
to have been specified; and 
(f)
if: 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.3 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Futures Contract Linked Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Futures Contract Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will

--- Page 397 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
398 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
1.4
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Day and Common Disrupted Day 
Where the Futures Contract Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate 
to a Futures Contract Basket and such Issue Terms specify "Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation (Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to any two or more Futures Contracts (such 
Futures Contracts being "Common Basket Futures Contracts" and each a "Common Basket 
Futures Contract" for the purposes of this Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.4) (and, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to particular Initial Pricing Dates or 
Pricing Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Initial Pricing Dates or Pricing Dates only), 
the following provisions shall apply (unless otherwise, and to the extent, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms): 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date is a Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each 
Common Basket Futures Contract, then the Pricing Date for each Common Basket 
Futures Contract shall be such Scheduled Pricing Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Pricing Date is not a Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more Basket 
Futures Contracts, then the Scheduled Pricing Date for each Basket Futures Contract 
shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day 
following such Scheduled Pricing Date which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
a Disrupted Day for each Basket Futures Contract, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such 
Scheduled Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Basket Futures Contracts. 
In that case: 
the Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day which falls such 
number of Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption following the Scheduled Pricing Date shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Date for each Basket Futures Contract, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day may or may not be a Disrupted Day for 
one or more Basket Futures Contracts; 
for each Basket Futures Contract, the Relevant Price shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on that Pricing Date, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for each of the relevant Futures Contract Prices, the 
relevant market conditions at the time of determination and any other 
information that the Calculation Agent deems relevant on such Pricing Date;  
provided that, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then 
each Pricing Date for each Basket Futures Contract shall be the Scheduled 
Pricing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Pricing Date is not 
a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day for such 
Basket Futures, and the Relevant Price for the relevant Pricing Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant Futures Contract Reference Price, and any 
other information that it deems appropriate on such Pricing Date.  
(c)
if: 
it (A) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation; or (B) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements,

--- Page 398 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
399 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.4 (or it would be unlawful or would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); 
or 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Fallback would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Holders, 
then on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) 
or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities in whole but not in part, each Futures Contract Linked Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Futures Contract Linked Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
2.
Successor Entity Calculates and Reports a Futures Contract Reference Price 
If in respect of any relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination, either a Futures Contract Reference Price is (i) not announced or 
published by the Price Source but is calculated and announced by a successor entity acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor Futures Contract price calculated using, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of such Futures Contract Reference Price, then 
in each case, such price as so calculated will be deemed to be the Futures Contract Reference 
Price. 
3.
Corrections to Published Futures Contract Reference Prices 
If a Futures Contract Reference Price published or announced on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to determine a Relevant Price or other amount on any Pricing 
Date or any other relevant date which is utilised for any calculation or determination is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published or announced by the Trading Facility or 
any other person responsible for such publication or announcement (i) by the second Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day prior to the date on which any payment is due (or such other 
time frame as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; provided that different time frames 
may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different days or Pricing Dates) after the 
original publication or announcement, or (ii) if a Correction Cut-off Date is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to such Pricing Date, if earlier, by such Correction Cut-
off Date, such corrected price shall be the Futures Contract Reference Price, and the Calculation 
Agent, to the extent it deems necessary, may determine to make appropriate adjustments to any 
of the terms of the Futures Contract Linked Securities to account for such correction. 
4.
Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Futures Contract or Futures Contract Basket 
Where the Futures Contract Linked Securities are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate 
to a Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, and notwithstanding any other terms of these 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions, if a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be applicable to any Pricing Date or any other relevant date (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) (any such date being, for the purposes of this Futures Contract Linked Condition 
4, a "Relevant Date") for a Futures Contract, and if, following adjustment of such Relevant 
Date pursuant to Futures Contract Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Non-Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Days, Non-Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days or 
Disrupted Days) above (for the purposes of this Futures Contract Linked Condition 4, an 
"Affected Futures Contract"), the Pricing Date would otherwise fall after the specified 
Fallback Pricing Date in respect of such Affected Futures Contract, then (unless otherwise, and 
to the extent, specified in the relevant Issue Terms) such Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed 
to be such Relevant Date for such Affected Futures Contract.

--- Page 399 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
400 
If such Fallback Pricing Date is not a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day or a Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Futures Contract, the Relevant Price of such Affected Futures Contract shall be subject to 
Calculation Agent Determination on such Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Futures Contract Linked Condition 4 shall be deemed to be 
the Relevant Price in respect of the relevant Pricing Date. 
5.
Change in law 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change in Law, the Issuer may in its 
sole and absolute discretion (i) make such amendments or adjustments to the Conditions as may 
be required such that its performance under the Futures Contract Linked Securities shall no 
longer be unlawful or impracticable under applicable law, provided that such amendments or 
adjustments are effected in such a manner as to preserve insofar as possible and practicable the 
commercial terms of the Futures Contract Linked Securities prior to such amendments or 
adjustments (and provided further that any proposed substitution of the Issuer may only be 
effected in accordance with General Instrument Condition 24 (Substitution) or General Note 
Condition 24 (Substitution) (as applicable)), or (ii) redeem the Futures Contract Linked 
Securities on such day as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices) (as applicable) (such notice shall 
be the "Early Redemption Notice" and such notice may specify the date when the Change in 
Law occurred (such date, the "Change in Law Effective Date") and will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holder in respect of each Futures Contract Linked 
Security the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount on such day. 
The preceding paragraph shall apply in respect of each Futures Contract Linked Security which 
has not been redeemed on or prior to the Change in Law Effective Date, and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, if an Instrument has been exercised pursuant to General Instrument Condition 7 
(Exercise Rights) and General Instrument Condition 8 (Exercise Procedure) on or prior to the 
Change in Law Effective Date in respect of such Instrument, but such Instrument has not yet 
been redeemed on or prior to such date, then such exercise pursuant to General Instrument 
Condition 7 and General Instrument Condition 8 shall be deemed to be void and of no effect, 
and such Instrument shall be redeemed in accordance with and pursuant to the preceding 
paragraph.
General Instrument Condition 16 (Change in law) and General Note Condition 18 (Change in 
law) shall not apply to Futures Contract Linked Securities. However, this Futures Contract 
Linked Condition 5 shall not affect the validity of any other change of law provisions in other 
Specific Product Conditions which also apply in respect of any particular Securities: in the event 
of a conflict between the terms of this Futures Contract Linked Condition 5 and any such change 
of law provision of other applicable Specific Product Conditions, the Calculation Agent may 
resolve such conflict in its sole and absolute discretion. 
6.
Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Disruption Event, if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Futures Contract Linked Securities, including without limitation, any 
variable or term relevant to the settlement or payment under such Futures Contract 
Linked Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Futures Contract Linked Securities by giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or 
General Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. If the Futures Contract 
Linked Securities are so redeemed in whole, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in 
respect of each Futures Contract Linked Security held by such Holder an amount equal 
to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of such Futures Contract Linked

--- Page 400 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
401 
Security, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), as the case may be. 
7.
Rolling Futures Provisions 
If it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms that the "Rolling Futures Provisions" apply, the 
relevant Futures Contract (if the Futures Contract Linked Securities reference a Single Futures 
Contract) or the relevant Basket Futures (if the Futures Contract Linked Securities reference a 
Futures Basket) shall be replaced on each Rollover Date for that Futures Contract or Basket 
Futures, as applicable, with a Futures Contract (including a Basket Futures) for which the 
expiration date falls in the nearest Relevant Month specified in the Issue Specific Terms. If there 
is no Futures Contract at this time the underlying terms or applicable contract characteristics of 
which are substantially identical to those of the Futures Contract or the Basket Futures, as 
applicable, to be replaced, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to redeem the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities  by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices) and to pay to the Holder the 
Non-Scheduled Early Repayment Amount. 
The Calculation Agent furthermore has the right to adjust the Relevant Month in the case of a 
change of the authoritative rules of the Trading Facility concerning expiration dates. Any such 
adjustment is announced in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or 
General Note Condition 20 (Notices). Each reference in the Conditions to "Futures Contract" or 
"Basket Futures" is regarded as a reference to the futures contract or basket futures that is 
relevant at the applicable time following completion of the replacement outlined above. 
8.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Futures 
Contract Linked Securities to which these Futures Contract Linked Conditions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Events" means a Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
(each an "Additional Disruption Event") specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Affected Futures Contract" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 4 (Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Futures Contract or Futures Contract Basket). 
"Affected Common Basket Futures Contract" and "Affected Common Basket Futures 
Contracts" have the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii) 
(Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day). 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date"), provided that, in respect of a single 
Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, if the relevant Applicable Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Exercise Date in respect of 
such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the 
Number of Automatic Early Exercise Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest Pricing 
Date corresponding to such Applicable Date; or 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of any Applicable Date, such date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(each, a "Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date"), provided that in respect of a single 
Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, if the relevant Applicable Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Conditions, the corresponding Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect 
of such Applicable Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business Days equal to 
the Number of Automatic Early Redemption Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest 
Pricing Date corresponding to such Applicable Date.

--- Page 401 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
402 
"Calculation Agent Determination" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 1.1(c)(i) (Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates), Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 1.2(c)(i) (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day) and Futures Contract Linked Condition 
1.3(b)(ii)(A) (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Change in Law" means any event or action or announcement of the intention to take any 
action, on or after the Trade Date, that in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent 
adversely affects the ability of the Issuer or any of its affiliates to establish or maintain Hedging 
Positions with respect to the Futures Contract Linked Securities, that are reasonably necessary 
to the management of risk arising from the Futures Contract Linked Securities, including, but 
not limited to, any applicable law, regulation, ruling, rule, procedure or order (including any tax 
law and any Sanction Rules as if applicable to the Issuer and each of its affiliates in relation to 
the Securities and/or any related Hedge Positions) ("Applicable Laws") or the amendment, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation of any such Applicable Laws by any 
regulatory, self-regulatory or legislative body, judicial authority, tax authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including, without limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing 
authorities or Clearing Systems) ("Regulatory Authority") (including, without limitation, as 
implemented by any United States, European or Asian Regulatory Authority (including the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Relevant European Authorities) or exchange, 
trading facility, central counterparty or other clearing organisation that results in (a) the 
elimination, limitation, withdrawal or unavailability for any reason of any hedge exemptions 
from applicable position limits previously granted to Issuer or any of its affiliates by any such 
Regulatory Authority or any such exchange, trading facility, central counterparty or other 
clearing organisation, or any hedge exemptions otherwise available to Issuer or any of its 
affiliates under Applicable Laws; or (b) a restriction or revision of existing position limits 
applicable to Issuer or any of its affiliates in respect of, or the imposition of position limits to, 
any Hedging Positions established by Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities to the extent that such application prevents or adversely affects Issuer 
or any of its affiliates from establishing or maintaining Hedging Positions that are reasonably 
necessary in order for it to manage the risk arising from or in connection with the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities, or such other Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction which have an 
analogous affect to any events specified in (a) and (b) above; or (c) the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates incurring a materially increased cost in performing the Issuer's obligations under the 
Futures Contract Linked Securities or in acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
unwinding, maintaining or disposing of any Hedge Positions with respect to the Futures 
Contract Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any mandatory margining or 
clearing requirement, any increase in capital charges, taxes or level of capital that is required to 
be set aside in respect of the Futures Contract Linked Securities or such Hedge Positions). 
"Common Basket Futures Contract" and "Common Basket Futures Contracts" have the 
meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3 (Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day) and in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.4 1.3 (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day and Common Disrupted Day) 
"Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day" means, in respect of Common Basket 
Futures Contracts, each day which is a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day for all 
Common Basket Futures Contracts.  
"Correction Cut-off Date" means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date(s) specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if "Correction Cut-off Date" is specified in the Issue Terms 
to be applicable to any date on which the price of such Futures Contract is required to be 
determined, but no date is specified for the Correction Cut-off Date, then the Correction Cut-
off Date for such Futures Contract and such date shall be the second Business Day prior to the 
next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the 
Issuer by reference to the price of such Futures Contract on such day. 
"Disappearance of Futures Contract Reference Price" means, in respect of a Futures 
Contract,

--- Page 402 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
403 
(a)
the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the 
relevant Trading Facility, 
(b)
the disappearance of, or of trading in, such Futures Contract; or  
(c)
the disappearance or permanent discontinuation or unavailability of the Futures 
Contract Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the Price Source or the 
status of trading in relevant Futures Contract. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day on which (i) the Trading 
Facility is not open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) a Disruption Event has 
occurred; and 
"Disruption Event" means the occurrence on any day of any one or more of the following, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a)
Disappearance of Futures Contract Reference Price; 
(b)
Material Change in Content; 
(c)
Material Change in Formula;  
(d)
Price Source Disruption; 
(e)
Tax Disruption; or 
(f)
Trading Disruption. 
"Disruption Fallback" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 
1.1(c) (Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates), Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.2(c) 
(Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Individual Disrupted Day) and Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3(b) (Futures 
Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Fallback Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket 
and any relevant date, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Futures Contract" means each Futures Contract as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Futures Contract Basket" means a basket comprising Futures Contracts in the relative 
proportions or numbers of Futures Contracts, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Futures Contract Linked Securities" means Futures Contract Linked Notes or Futures 
Contract Linked Instruments, as the case may be. 
"Futures Contract Reference Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, such reference 
price as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, that the Issuer and/or the 
Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) hold, acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or 
any futures or option contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest 
risk or any other relevant risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of 
the Futures Contract Linked Securities or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s), asset(s), futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedging Positions relating 
to either a Futures Contract or the Futures Contract Linked Securities themselves. 
"Hedging Positions" means, for the purposes of the "Change in Law", the "Hedging Disruption" 
and "Increased Cost of Hedging" definitions, any position, including, without limitation, any 
purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) positions or contracts in futures, 
options, swaps or other derivatives or foreign exchange, securities or (ii) other instruments or

--- Page 403 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
404 
arrangements (howsoever described) established or maintained by Issuer or any of its affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Futures Contract Linked Securities.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of a Futues Contract, that the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared to the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Futures Contract Linked 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any 
such futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedging Positions relating to either a Futures 
Contract or the Futures Contract Linked Securities themselves, provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, each date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in the Conditions, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Initial Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, 
each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means in respect of a Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, 
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined as provided in 
the Conditions, subject to adjustmentin accordance with these Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions. 
"Last Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, such date as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Last Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, such date as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Latest Pricing Date" means, in respect of a single Futures Contract and a Pricing Date, such 
Pricing Date, and in respect of all the Futures Contracts included in a Futures Contract Basket 
and a Pricing Date, if (i) the Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to such Pricing Date is a 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day for each such Futures Contract and no Disruption 
Event has occurred for any such Futures Contract on such Pricing Date, such Pricing Date, or 
(ii) as a result of the Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to such Pricing Date not being a 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day for one or more such Futures Contracts or the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event for one or more Futures Contracts in the Futures Contract 
Basket on the Pricing Date, the Pricing Date for two or more Futures Contracts in the Futures 
Contract Basket falls on different dates, the date corresponding to the Pricing Date which is the 
latest to occur, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Material Change in Content" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence since 
the Issue Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the Futures 
Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence since 
the Issue Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Futures Contract Reference Price. 
"Maturity Date" means:  
(a)
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Instruments the Scheduled Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject always to General Instrument Condition 
7(i) (Multiple Exercise Instruments) (if applicable), and, unless otherwise specified in 
the Pricing Supplement, in respect of a single Futures Contract or a Futures Contract 
Basket, if the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the

--- Page 404 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
405 
Conditions, the Maturity Date will instead be the day falling the number of Business 
Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period Business Days after the Latest Pricing 
Date corresponding to the Relevant Determination Date; or 
(b)
in respect of Futures Contract Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, in respect 
of a single Futures Contract or a Futures Contract Basket, if the Relevant Determination 
Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date will instead be 
the day falling the number of Business Days equal to the Number of Settlement Period 
Business Days after the Latest Pricing Date corresponding to the Relevant 
Determination Date. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means in respect of Futures Contract Linked Securities that 
relate to a single Futures Contract, five Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days, Scheduled Futures Contract Trading 
Days or Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days, as applicable (or other type of 
days) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"No Adjustment" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 
1.1(c)(ii)(B)(1) (Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates), Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 1.2(c)(ii)(B)(1) (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day and Individual Disrupted Day) and Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(C) (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled 
Futures Contract Business Day but Individual Disrupted Day) and Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 1.4(iii) (Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day and Common Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Postponement" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.1(c)(ii) 
(Single Futures Contract and Pricing Dates), Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.2(c)(ii) 
(Futures Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Individual Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Individual Disrupted Day) or Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3(b)(ii)(B) (Futures 
Contract Basket and Pricing Dates – Common Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day), as applicable.  
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including a Trading 
Facility) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price 
is calculated).  
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Futures Contract: 
(a)
the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the 
information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Futures 
Contract Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Futures Contract 
Reference Price, the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish such Futures 
Contract Reference Price for any relevant day (or the information necessary for 
determining such Futures Contract Reference Price for such day)); 
(b)
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, each date specified as such or otherwise 
determined herein or as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of a a Futures Contract, each Initial Valuation Date, 
Valuation Date, or such other date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Futures Contract Linked Security, such 
Futures Contract as is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if more than one Futures 
Contract is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then all such futures contracts shall be 
referred to as the "Relevant Futures Contracts ". 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given thereto in Futures Contract Linked Condition 4 
(Fallback Pricing Date for a Single Futures Contract or Futures Contract Basket).

--- Page 405 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
406 
"Relevant European Authorities" means, for the purposes of the "Change in Law" definition, 
the European Commission, the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union, the 
European Securities and Markets Authority, the European Banking Authority, the European 
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, the European Central Bank, and any competent 
authority of a member state of the European Economic Area. 
"Relevant Month" means the month specified in the applicable Issue Specific Terms. 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per Unit, 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Pricing Date for the relevant Futures 
Contract Reference Price. 
"Rollover" means a rollover of a relevant Futures Contract on its Rollover Date in accordance 
with Futures Contract Linked Provision 6. 
"Rollover Date" means the rollover date specified in, or determined in the manner prescribed 
by, the applicable Issue Terms. Should there be insufficient liquidity in the Underlying on the 
Trading Facility on a rollover date or a comparable unusual market situation in the reasonable 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent is entitled to specify another 
Calculation Date as the Rollover Date. The Calculation Agent furthermore has the right, through 
an announcement in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices) stating the calendar day on which the change becomes effective 
and subject to a prior notice period of at least one month, to determine a different Rollover Date. 
This is particularly the case when the rules affecting the determination of the Rollover Date are 
changed at the Trading Facility. If the effective date falls on a Rollover Date, the Settlement 
Amount shall be determined on the basis of the Rollover Price for the current Futures Contract 
or Basket Futures Contract on the Rollover Date prior to the Rollover and on the basis of the 
current strike price as further set out in the applicable Issue Terms on the Rollover Date prior to 
the adjustment made pursuant to Futures Contract Linked Provision 6 (Rolling Futures 
Provisions). 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, sanction, 
directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions and embargo programmes, 
including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered and/or enforced, from time to time, by 
(or by any agency or other authority of) the United States, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union (or any Member State thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial 
sanctions and embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable 
to designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day" means: 
(a)
where the Futures Contract Reference Price for a Futures Contract is a price announced 
or published by a Trading Facility, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which such Trading Facility is open for 
trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Trading Facility 
closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and 
(b)
where the Futures Contract Reference Price for a Futures Contract is not a price 
announced or published by a Trading Facility, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Disruption Event, would have published) a day in respect of which the relevant 
Price Source published a price. 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any original date that, but 
for such day not being a Scheduled Futures Contract Business Day in respect of such Futures 
Contract or for the occurrence of a Disruption Event causing a Disrupted Day on such date, 
would have been a Pricing Date. 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract Reference Price, any of the following 
prices as specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which must be a price reported in or by, or 
capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), and,

--- Page 406 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
407 
if applicable, as of the time so specified: (a) the high price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of 
the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) the bid price; 
(g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement price; 
(j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon 
fixing; (n) the spot price; or (o) any other price specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Futures Contract (other than a tax 
on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation 
authority after the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
if the direct effect of such imposition, change, or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price 
on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date (or such other relevant date as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) from what it would have been without that imposition, 
change, or removal. 
"Trade Date" means the Strike Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the material suspension of, or 
the material limitation imposed on, trading in the Futures Contract on the Trading Facility, or 
in any additional futures contract, options or swap contract, or Futures Contract on any Trading 
Facility as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or as determined by the Calculation Agent. For 
these purposes: 
(a)
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract on any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date shall be deemed to be material only if: 
all trading in the Futures Contract is suspended for the entire Pricing Date or 
such other relevant date; or 
all trading in the Futures Contract is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the Pricing Date or such other relevant date, trading does not 
recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures 
Contract on such Pricing Date or such other relevant date and such suspension 
is announced less than one-hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b)
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract on any Pricing Date or other relevant 
date shall be deemed to be material only if the Trading Facility establishes limits on 
the range within which the price of the Futures Contract may fluctuate and the closing 
or settlement price of the Futures Contract on such day is at the upper limit of that 
range or at the lower limit of that range. 
"Trading Facility" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the exchange or trading facility or 
principal trading market on which such Futures Contract is traded, and in respect of Securities 
linked to a single Futures Contract or basket of Futures Contracts, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or Futures Contract Reference Price, or any successor to such exchang or trading 
facility or principal trading market to which trading in such Futures Contract has temporarily 
relocated, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Unit" means the unit of measure of the Relevant Futures Contract, as specified in the relevant 
Futures Contract Reference Price or the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 407 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
408 
CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES CONDITIONS 
CONTENTS 
1.
General
2.
Credit Linked Redemption
3.
Interest
4.
Terms relating to Credit-Linkage Features
5.
Physical Settlement
6.
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics
7.
Successors
8.
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities
9.
Restructuring Credit Event
10.
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Securities
11.
Definitions
12.
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
Annex A To the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities
Annex B To the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to 
the Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Credit Linked Securities on 
page 62. 
These Credit Linked Security Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that the Credit Instruments are applicable and to Notes for which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that the Credit Linked Notes are applicable. 
A reference in these Credit Linked Security Conditions to the "Issue Terms" shall be construed as being 
a reference to the applicable Issue Terms and for Credit Linked Securities in respect of which more than 
one Reference Entity is specified, a reference to the "Reference Entity" shall be a reference to the 
applicable Reference Entity. 
1.
General 
(a)
Credit Terms 
The relevant Issue Terms shall specify, amongst other things: 
(i)
the Trade Date, the Issue Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date;

--- Page 408 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
409 
(ii)
the type of Credit Linked Securities, being Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities or Basket Credit Linked Securities; 
(iii)
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(iv)
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may 
occur and, in each case, the related Transaction Type (if applicable, by way of 
reference to a Relevant Annex); 
(v)
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity (if applicable, 
by specifying "Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable"); and 
(vi)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, Reference Entity Weighting 
in respect of each Reference Entity (save where such terms are set out in a Relevant 
Annex). 
(b)
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Reference 
Entity, then the provisions of these Credit Linked Security Conditions shall apply with respect 
to such Reference Entity in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such 
Transaction Type, as though such Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
(c)
Index Credit Linked Securities 
Where "Index Credit Linked Securities" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding Credit Linked Security Condition 7 (Successors), the Reference Entities 
for the purposes of the Credit Linked Securities shall be as set out in the Relevant Annex 
(together with, in respect of each relevant Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount or, as applicable, the Reference Entity Weighting, Reference Obligations and 
Substitute Reference Obligations) as set out in the relevant Issue Terms, or, as applicable,  as 
determined and published from time to time by the relevant Index Sponsor. The Calculation 
Agent may rely on any determinations of the relevant Index Sponsor and neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent will have any liability to the Holders or any other person as a result of 
relying on any such determination. 
(d)
Additional Provisions 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions 
are applicable, these Credit Linked Security Conditions shall take effect subject to the 
provisions thereof. 
2.
Credit Linked Redemption 
(a)
Redemption at Credit Linked Securities Maturity Date 
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Security on the related Credit Linked Security 
Maturity Date (as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by 
payment of an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount (as reduced from time to time 
in accordance with the definition thereof) of such Credit Linked Security (together with interest, 
if any, payable thereon) unless the Credit Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or

--- Page 409 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
410 
purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Security Conditions 
2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date), or 2(d) (Additional Credit Linked 
Security Disruption Events)). 
Where the Outstanding Principal Amount of any Credit Linked Security is reduced to zero, then 
upon the performance by the Issuer of any remaining obligations in respect of the Credit Linked 
Security (including pursuant to Credit Linked Security Condition 2(b) (Redemption Following 
Event Determination Date)), such Credit Linked Security shall be deemed to have been 
redeemed in full without further payment.  
(b)
Redemption following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, the 
Issuer will: 
(i)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, make payment in respect 
of each Credit Linked Security of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount 
on the Auction Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which 
event the Issuer shall perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in 
accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(ii)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, perform its obligations in 
respect of each Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked Security 
Condition 7 (Physical Settlement). Physical Settlement is not applicable to Monte 
Titoli Registered Instruments and Monte Titoli Registered Notes; and 
(iii)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, make payment in respect of 
each Credit Linked Security of its pro rata share of the Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amount on the Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
Where the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, if an Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to a Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Event with respect to a prior Event Determination Date in relation to such Reference Entity and 
no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with respect to a subsequent Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall, if it so elects on or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem 
the Credit Linked Securities pursuant to the occurrence of the subsequent Event Determination 
Date in accordance with this Credit Linked Security Condition 2(b) (Redemption following 
Event Determination Date) by Auction Settlement. 
This Credit Linked Security Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) 
shall not apply, and the Issuer shall have no obligations hereunder in respect of Zero Recovery 
Securities. 
(c)
Settlement at Maturity 
Where "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as applicable, payment of any Outstanding Principal 
Amount, Auction Settlement Amounts or Credit Event Cash Settlement Amounts, as applicable, 
shall be deferred until the later of the Credit Linked Security Maturity Date and the last Auction 
Settlement Date or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date determined in respect of any Reference 
Entity (and notwithstanding any other provision of the Security Conditions or these Credit 
Linked Security Conditions, no interest shall accrue on any payment of any amount which is so 
deferred).

--- Page 410 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
411 
(d)
Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Events 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that any Additional Credit Linked 
Security Disruption Event, if specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Securities by giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 
(Notices). If the Credit Linked Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Holder in respect of each Credit Linked Security equal to the greater of: (a) if a Principal 
Protection Level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the product of such Principal 
Protection Level and the initial Nominal Amount (in the case of Credit Linked Instruments) or 
the initial Specified Denomination (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) of such Credit Linked 
Security; and (b) the amount which is equal to the Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount of 
such Credit Linked Security taking into account the Additional Credit Linked Security 
Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates, including those relating to the 
unwinding of any underlying and/or related hedging arrangements, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(e)
Suspension of Obligations 
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer 
otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Holders) from the date of such DC 
Credit Event Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available Information is available or that a 
Credit Event has occurred), any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Security 
(including pursuant to Credit Linked Security Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date)) (and the timing requirements of the Credit Event Cash Settlement Date, 
Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, Physical Settlement Period and 
any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it relates to the relevant Reference 
Entity, or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon or any obligation 
of the Calculation Agent to calculate any amount of interest (in each case, regardless of whether 
any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity), shall, insofar as it relates to the 
relevant Reference Entity, be and remain suspended until the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal. 
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any action 
in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Securities, in each case insofar as they 
relate to the relevant Reference Entity, or in connection with the payment of any applicable 
interest on the Credit Linked Securities, nor, if the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
"Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, shall the Calculation Agent be obliged to take 
any action in connection with the calculation of any amount of interest (in each case, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, regardless 
of whether any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity).  Once the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal has occurred, such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended shall 
resume on the Credit Linked Security Business Day following such public announcement by 
ISDA, with the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the 
full day notwithstanding when the suspension began.  Any amount of interest so suspended 
shall, subject always to Credit Linked Security Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual),

--- Page 411 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
412 
become due on a date selected by the Calculation Agent falling not later than fifteen Business 
Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or any other 
amounts which are deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Security Condition 2(e) 
(Suspension of Obligations). 
(f)
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Credit Linked Securities are partially redeemed, the relevant Credit Linked Securities or, 
if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall 
be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. Upon such partial redemption, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of each Credit Linked Security shall be reduced for all purposes (including 
accrual of interest thereon but without duplication with any cessation of interest accrual pursuant 
to Credit Linked Security Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual)) accordingly. 
Redemption of any Credit Linked Security in accordance with this Credit Linked Security 
Condition 2 (Credit Linked Redemption), together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon 
shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
3.
Interest 
(a)
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
In the case of Credit Linked Securities which are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to bear 
interest and subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 4(c) (Credit Linked Principal Only 
Credit Linked Securities), such interest shall accrue on the daily Outstanding Principal Amount 
of each Credit Linked Security as the same may be reduced from time to time in accordance 
with the Credit Linked Security Conditions.  Condition 3 (Interest) shall be construed 
accordingly in relation to Credit Linked Securities. Upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
each Credit Linked Security shall, for the purposes of the calculation of accrual of interest 
thereon, be deemed to have been reduced in an amount equal to such Credit Linked Security's 
pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount with effect from and including: 
(i)
either: 
(A)
if "Accrual to Interest Payment Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Interest Payment Date; or 
(B)
if "Accrual to Interest Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Interest Period End Date, 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
or 
(ii)
if "Accrual to Event Determination Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such Event Determination Date.

--- Page 412 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
413 
(b)
Interest following Scheduled Maturity 
Subject always to Credit Linked Security Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual), if an 
Extension Notice has been given (other than pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of 
"Extension Notice"), each Credit Linked Security which is outstanding following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall continue to bear interest on its daily Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (but excluding) the related Credit Linked 
Security Maturity Date at a rate of interest equal to either: 
(i)
if "Deposit Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms under the 
heading "Interest following Scheduled Maturity", the rate that Marex Financial would 
pay to an independent customer in respect of overnight deposits in the currency of the 
Credit Linked Securities; or 
(ii)
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the relevant Issue Terms (which 
may be zero), 
subject in all cases to a minimum of zero. If "Deposit Rate" is not so specified or no such other 
rate is specified for such purpose, no interest shall accrue during the relevant period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (d) of the 
definition thereof, no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the related Credit Linked Security Maturity Date. 
(c)
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed pursuant to the Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Security Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit Linked Security Maturity Date (if 
not the Scheduled Maturity Date), the last Auction Settlement Date, the last Credit Event Cash 
Settlement Date or the last Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an Interest Payment Date 
in respect of each Credit Linked Security and the Issuer shall pay any interest that is accrued 
and unpaid in respect of each Credit Linked Security on such Interest Payment Date. 
4.
Terms relating to Credit-Linkage Features 
(a)
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, an Event 
Determination Date shall not be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Linked Security 
Conditions 2 (Credit Linked Redemption) and 3 (Interest) unless and until the number of 
Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to N 
(as specified in the relevant Issue Terms).  Where "Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms of such Credit Linked Securities, an amount 
equal to the Unwind Value of the Reference CDS in respect of the Reference Entity which has 
not been determined as the Nth-to-Default Reference Entity (where N is 1) shall be added to the 
Credit Unwind Costs in respect of the Auction Settlement Amount or the Credit Event 
Settlement Amount, as applicable. 
(b)
Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked Securities 
If "Credit Linked Interest Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable relevant Issue Terms, 
Credit Linked Security Condition 3 (Interests) will apply to the Securities, but Credit Linked 
Security Conditions 2(a) (Redemption at Credit Linked Securities Maturity Date), 2(b)

--- Page 413 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
414 
(Redemption following Event Determination Date) and 2(c) (Settlement at Maturity) will not 
apply. Unless the Credit Linked Securities have previously been redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Security Conditions 2(d) (Additional 
Credit Linked Security Disruption Events)) the Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Security 
on the relevant Credit Linked Security Maturity Date by payment of the original Nominal 
Amount (in the case of Credit Linked Instruments) or the original Specified Denomination (in 
the case of Credit Linked Notes) specified in the applicable relevant Issue Terms. 
(c)
Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Securities 
If "Credit Linked Principal Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable relevant Issue 
Terms, Credit Linked Security Condition 2 (Credit Linked Redemption) will apply to the 
Securities but this Credit Linked Security Condition 3 (Interest) will not apply. Where the 
redemption of any such Credit Linked Securities is postponed following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, no interest shall accrue in respect of any such Credit Linked Securities from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date until the relevant date of redemption. 
Where any such Credit Linked Securities are subject to redemption in full in circumstances 
where further amounts are or may be payable subsequently in respect of interest thereon, then, 
only to the extent required by the terms of any relevant clearing system in order to permit 
payment of such interest, each Credit Linked Security shall be deemed to remain outstanding in 
an amount equal to one unit of the Specified Currency. No payment shall be made in respect of 
such outstanding amount, and each Credit Linked Security which is deemed to be outstanding 
on such basis shall be cancelled in full on the last date for payment of interest thereon. 
5.
Physical Settlement 
(a)
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Security, then, upon the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date 
and subject to Credit Linked Security Conditions 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement), 
5(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) and 5(f) (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such 
Credit Linked Security in full (or, where such Credit Linked Security is a Basket Credit Linked 
Security, in part, in an Outstanding Principal Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked 
Security's pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount), respectively, by: 
(i)
Delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; and 
(ii)
paying such Credit Linked Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical 
Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount. 
Physical Settlement is not applicable to the Monte Titoli Registered Instruments and Monte 
Titoli Registered Notes. Accordingly, any other provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions or 
the Issue Terms which allow or deal with Physical Delivery of Credit Linked Securities shall 
not apply to Credit Linked Securities which are Monte Titoli Registered Instruments or Monte 
Titoli Registered Notes. 
(b)
Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement

--- Page 414 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
415 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or any Holder, it is impossible or 
illegal for the relevant Holder to accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations (other 
than a Deliverable Obligation described in paragraph (d) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation") specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the Issuer shall Deliver 
any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery.  If any 
Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the Issuer shall pay the relevant Holders an amount 
equal to the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount, to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the relevant Holders on the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
(c)
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, other than as a result of an event or 
circumstance contemplated in Credit Linked Security Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash 
Settlement) above (including following the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), such 
failure shall not constitute an Event of Default or breach of agreement for the purpose of the 
Credit Linked Securities and the Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have 
not been Delivered, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Deliverable Obligations and the Issuer shall pay to the Holders an amount equal to the Partial 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Holders on the 
Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
(d)
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Holder holds Credit Linked Securities in an Outstanding Principal Amount  greater 
than the Specified Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations to be Delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Securities of such Holder shall be 
aggregated for the purposes of this Credit Linked Security Condition 5 (Physical Settlement).  
If the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect 
of each Credit Linked Security to be redeemed pursuant to this Credit Linked Security Condition 
5(d) (Aggregation and Rounding) on any occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination 
(or integral multiple thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest 
authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero.  In such circumstances, the 
Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the extent 
practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such other agent as may be appointed by the Issuer for such 
purpose and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make payment in respect of each Credit Linked 
Security in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon as 
reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
(e)
Delivery and Fees

--- Page 415 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
416 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Security Condition 5 (Physical Settlement) shall be made in such manner as the Issuer 
shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner, to be appropriate for such Delivery.  
Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver": 
(i)
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment 
or novation (where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent 
Required Loans) or participation (where Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan 
Participations) shall be payable by the relevant Holders, and if any stamp tax or 
transaction tax is payable in connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable 
Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by the relevant Holders; and 
(ii)
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable 
Obligations shall be for the account of the Holders or the Issuer, as appropriate, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with then current market 
conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses 
relating to such Delivery or transfer payable by the Holders pursuant to (i) and/or (ii) above, as 
applicable, have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(f)
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Holder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this 
Credit Linked Security Condition 5 (Physical Settlement) upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date and delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement unless it has presented or 
surrendered (as is appropriate) the relevant Credit Linked Security and delivered an Asset 
Transfer Notice in a form as prescribed by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. For so long as 
the Credit Linked Securities are held in any Clearing System, any communication from such 
Clearing System on behalf of the Holder containing the information required in an Asset 
Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice.   
6.
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics 
(a)
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the related relevant Issue Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, 
the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b)
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If: 
(i)
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" 
or "Not Bearer" is specified in the related relevant Issue Terms or is applicable in 
respect of the applicable Transaction Type, such relevant Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as 
a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds;

--- Page 416 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
417 
(ii)
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the relevant 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; 
(iii)
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the relevant Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(iv)
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the 
Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(c)
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the 
same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the 
following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", 
"Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law".  
(iii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms or applicable 
in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan 
Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and 
"Not Bearer". 
(iv)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v)
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Security Condition 6 
(Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics) apply in respect of the definitions of 
"Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits.

--- Page 417 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
418 
(d)
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(e)
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in respect of a Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(f)
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in Credit Linked Security Condition 9(b) (Mod R) and Credit Linked 
Security Condition 9(c) (Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant 
obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(g)
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(h)
Accrued Interest 
With respect to any Credit Linked Securities for which: 
(i)
"Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related relevant 
Issue Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" 
is specified in the related relevant Issue Terms, in which case, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(ii)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related relevant Issue 
Terms (or if Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(A)
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall include accrued but unpaid interest;

--- Page 418 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
419 
(B)
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related relevant Issue Terms, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C)
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the related relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if 
applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(iii)
Credit Linked Security Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement) or Credit 
Linked Security Condition 5(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market for the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such 
Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(i)
Asset Package Delivery 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
If the "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is applicable in respect of a 
Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package 
Observable Bond exists with respect to such Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such 
a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package 
Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
7.
Successors 
(a)
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(i)
Subject as set out in Credit Linked Security Condition 1(c) (Index Credit Linked 
Securities), the Calculation Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in 
relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and 
with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under the definition 
of "Successor"; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no 
Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. The Calculation 
Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under the 
definition of "Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a 
Successor) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis 
of Eligible Information. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an 
entity qualifies as a Successor under the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps

--- Page 419 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
420 
Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
(ii)
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(I) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which 
the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(II) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(III) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(iii)
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition 
of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal 
balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(iv)
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct 
obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by 
the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, 
if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(b)
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities and a 
Succession Date has occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, each such Credit 
Linked Security will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect from the 
Succession Date, into the same number of new Credit Linked Securities as there are Successors 
with the following terms: 
(i)
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new 
Credit Linked Securities; 
(ii)
in respect of each deemed new Credit Linked Security, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount will be the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original 
Reference Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(iii)
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Securities will be replicated 
in each deemed new Credit Linked Security except that the Calculation Agent shall 
make such modifications as it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, are required in order to preserve the economic effects of the

--- Page 420 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
421 
original Credit Linked Securities in the deemed new Credit Linked Securities 
(considered in aggregate). 
(c)
Nth-to-Default 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities: 
(i)
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one 
Successor has been identified, each such Credit Linked Security will be deemed for all 
purposes to have been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into a number of 
new Credit Linked Securities equal to the number of Successors.  Each such new Credit 
Linked Security shall include a Successor and each and every one of the unaffected 
Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit Linked Security Condition 7(b)(i) to 
(iii) (Single Reference Entity) (inclusive) shall apply thereto; 
(ii)
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, where 
any Reference Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference 
Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) would be a Successor to any other 
Reference Entity (the "Legacy Reference Entity") pursuant to a Succession Date, 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and 
(iii)
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, where the 
Surviving Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the 
Succession Date) would be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a 
Succession Date: 
(A)
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(B)
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity. 
(d)
Basket Credit Linked Securities  
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Basket Credit Linked Securities, and one or more 
Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a 
related Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the Succession Date: 
(i)
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as 
described in (ii) below); 
(ii)
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity 
which is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of 
Successors; 
(iv)
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Securities which it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 421 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
422 
manner, may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Credit Linked 
Securities prior to the Succession Date (considered in the aggregate); and 
(v)
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, 
be represented by multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for the Successor(s) of 
such Reference Entity. 
8.
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities  
(a)
LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant  Issue Terms provide that "LPN Reference 
Entity" is applicable: 
(i)
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation and any Underlying Loan; 
(ii)
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Security Conditions, and in particular, that the 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iii)
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in these Credit Linked Security Conditions, and in particular, that the 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv)
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal 
balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying 
Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation;  
(v)
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect 
of the Reference Entity; and 
(vi)
Reference Obligation" shall mean each of the obligations listed as a Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms or set forth on the 
relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which 
list is currently available at http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php, any 
Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the definition thereof, and each 
Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the 
foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Conditions and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity. Standard Reference Obligation shall be Not 
Applicable. The proviso in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" shall not apply. If there is more than one Reference Obligation, all 
applicable references in these Conditions to “the Reference Obligation” shall be 
construed as a reference to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions of these 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. The provisions in "Substitute Reference 
Obligation" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable to LPN Reference 
Obligations.

--- Page 422 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
423 
(b)
Provisions relating to CoCo Supplement 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity if the "CoCo Supplement" 
is applicable: 
(i)
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions 
results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such 
event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof. 
(ii)
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes. 
(iii)
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) 
a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption 
or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the 
Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
9.
Restructuring Credit Event 
(a)
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise 
Amount") provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise 
Amount, the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion 
thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(ii)
the provisions of these Credit Linked Security Conditions (including, without 
limitation, as to the determination of any Auction Settlement Amount and Credit Event 
Cash Settlement Amount) shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Exercise Amount only and 
all the provisions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(iii)
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified 
Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount is denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount.

--- Page 423 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
424 
If any Credit Linked Security is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Security Condition 9 (Restructuring Credit Event), the relevant Credit Linked Security 
or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security 
shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(b)
Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
related relevant Issue Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod R" 
is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery 
applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the Issuer to form part of the 
related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable Obligation or, as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation: 
(A)
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
(B)
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date, 
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of 
the Relevant Valuation Date. 
(c)
Mod Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" " or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in 
the related relevant Issue Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod 
Mod R" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is 
the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation 
or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package 
Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the Issuer to form part of the 
related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery 
Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for 
purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity 
date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If the relevant Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as applicable, the relevant Valuation Obligation 
selected, is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required 
to novate, assign or transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given 
for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is 
not received by the Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date (in

--- Page 424 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
425 
which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, notify the relevant Holders of such refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i)
each such Holder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate 
of such Holder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and 
(ii)
if a Holder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the date 
which is three Credit Linked Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement 
Date, then the Issuer will redeem the Credit Linked Securities for which Delivery has 
not occurred, by payment of the relevant Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount 
to such Holder.  For the avoidance of doubt Credit Linked Security Condition 5(b) 
(Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement) will not apply to this paragraph. 
(d)
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final 
maturity date shall, subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 9(c) (Mod Mod R), be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity 
date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(e)
Multiple Holder Obligations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in 
sub-paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the 
Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, provided that any 
obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Multiple Holder Obligation". 
10.
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Securities 
(a)
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any 
discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent 
in each case in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to the Credit 
Linked Security Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer and the Holders.  Unless otherwise expressly stated, the Calculation Agent is not bound 
to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation.  If the 
Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee it may do so without liability.  Any such election, modification, 
determination or adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer compared to the Holders, to the detriment of the Holders.  Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its 
obligations or its discretion under the Credit Linked Securities including, without limitation, the 
giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any 
later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation

--- Page 425 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
426 
Agent, the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any 
liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(b)
Reversal of DC Resolutions 
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Linked Securities has been 
made by the Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a 
DC Resolution, ISDA publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a 
subsequent DC Resolution, such reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any 
subsequent calculations, provided that the ISDA public announcement occurs prior to the DC 
Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date (or where redeemed in part, save to the extent of any such 
redemption). The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to take account of 
such reversal, including any payment of additional interest or any reduction in any interest or 
any other amount payable under the Credit Linked Securities.  For the avoidance of doubt, no 
accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment. 
(c)
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these 
Credit Linked Security Conditions from time to time with effect from a date designated by the 
Calculation Agent to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing 
market standards or market trading conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of leading 
dealers in the credit derivatives market or any relevant ISDA committee, a market-wide 
protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing 
system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or any Hedge Transaction 
entered into prior to such date or terms thereof.  The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Holders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such determination.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer, amend, 
pursuant to this Credit Linked Security Condition 10(c) (Change in Standard Terms and Market 
Conventions) any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities other than the 
Credit Linked Security Conditions. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure 
consistency with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are published by 
ISDA and which supersede the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, for the purposes of 
credit derivatives transactions generally (including with respect to transactions which are 
entered into prior to the relevant date of publication and which are outstanding as of that date) 
and/or may apply and rely on determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
made in respect of a relevant Reference Entity under any such Successor Provisions 
notwithstanding any discrepancy between the terms of such Successor Provisions and these 
Credit Linked Security Conditions. 
This Credit Linked Security Condition 10(c) (Change in Standard Terms and Market 
Conventions) shall apply unless the related relevant Issue Terms specifies that "Change in 
Standard Terms and Market Conventions" is not applicable. 
(d)
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly 
Available Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall 
procure that the Calculation Agent informs the Holders in accordance with General Instrument

--- Page 426 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
427 
Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices) provided that any failure or 
delay in giving such notice to Holders shall not affect the rights of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are, as of the date hereof, 
available on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org) (or any successor website thereto). 
(e)
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Security Condition 10(d) (Delivery of Notices) above 
which is delivered on or prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective 
on such date and if delivered after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is 
deemed effective on the next following London Business Day. 
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been 
delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. 
(f)
Excess Amounts 
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount has 
been paid to Holders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the determination of 
an Excess Amount to the Issuer and Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 
22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices), the Issuer may deduct any such Excess 
Amount from future payments in relation to the Credit Linked Securities (whether interest or 
principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets deliverable under the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities to the extent that it determines, acting reasonably, to be necessary to 
compensate for such Excess Amount.  
(g)
Provisions Relating to Timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 10(e) (Effectiveness of Notices) and Credit Linked 
Security Condition 10(h) (Payment Timing), in order to determine the day on which an event 
occurs for purposes of the Credit Linked Security Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be 
made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity 
relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(h)
Payment Timing 
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Linked Security Condition 
10(g) (Provisions Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its 
due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure 
to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
(i)
Business Day Convention 
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention; provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event 
Backstop Date or the Successor Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 427 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
428 
(j)
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Linked Securities will not be considered frustrated, 
or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(i)
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(ii)
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
(k)
Rounding 
Any amount payable under these Credit Linked Security Conditions shall be rounded 
downwards to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
11.
Definitions 
In these Credit Linked Security Conditions: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full 
in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard 
to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
"Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption, and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Additional LPN" means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing 
funds for the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a)
Underlying Loan; or 
(b)
Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that: 
(i)
either: 
(i)
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such 
LPN, the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics 
specified in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(ii)
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with 
respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the 
Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency 
Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii)
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified 
Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and

--- Page 428 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
429 
(iii)
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First 
Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the 
relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) 
for the benefit of holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit 
Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php. 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA 
for use in the over-the-counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation 
to a Reference Entity which may include: 
(a)
the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swaps - Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity, as published by ISDA on 21 January 2005; or 
(b)
any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Security Condition 7(d) 
(Basket Credit Linked Securities ) above. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the person.  For this purpose, "control" of any entity or 
person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
"Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
"Credit Unwind Costs". 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realized or capable of being realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity:

--- Page 429 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
430 
(i)
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii)
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b)
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower 
if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable 
to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
or the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Issuer in the Auction Settlement 
Amount Notice. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C])]) 
Where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that Credit Unwind 
Costs are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and 
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the relevant Issue Terms multiplied by 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level, shall be disregarded).

--- Page 430 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
431 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent and the Holders in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices), on or prior to the date which is 65 Business Days following the 
Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option Cut-off Date) specifying: 
(a)
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which 
the Issuer has elected to apply to the Credit Linked Securities (provided that the Issuer 
may only elect to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (for purposes of which 
all Deliverable Obligations (as defined in respect of the Final List) on the Final List 
will be Permissible Deliverable Obligations) in the circumstances set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); and 
(b)
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by 
the Issuer of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the Holders 
in accordance with General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 
(Notices). 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c)
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d)
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i)
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii)
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e)
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession,

--- Page 431 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
432 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above. 
"Basket Credit Linked Securities" means any Credit Linked Securities specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money obligation. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, 
deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Capped Reference Entity" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
Reference Entity having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which "60 Business Day 
Cap on Settlement" is expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue, due to (i) the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law and any Sanction 
Rules  if applicable to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates in relation to the Securities and/or 
any related Hedge Positions) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, relevant exchanges, trading facilities, taxing authorities or Clearing Systems) of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Credit Linked Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit, or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).  
"CoCo Supplement" means the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date, provided, however, that 
a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of

--- Page 432 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
433 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, 
if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within 
the Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as may be amended 
from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with 
respect to the Credit Linked Securities in the relevant Issue Terms, as supplemented by the 
Additional Provisions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant 
to the Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit 
derivative transactions in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental 
Intervention as specified with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a 
defence based upon: 
(a)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or

--- Page 433 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
434 
(d)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date 
or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C]))] 
Where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Final Price or such other price specified therein; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that Credit Unwind 
Costs are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and 
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the relevant Issue Terms multiplied by 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level shall be disregarded). 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three 
Business Days) immediately following the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price 
(or, if Credit Linked Security Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) 
is specified not to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or if the Final Price is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the date falling fifteen Credit Linked Security Business Days 
following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement). 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be 
in writing (including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer that describes 
a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation 
Period End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the

--- Page 434 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
435 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice.  The Credit Event that is the subject of 
the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if no such date is specified, the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Credit Linked Securities" means the Instruments or the Notes linked to the credit of a 
specified entity or entities.  
"Credit Linked Security Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments 
in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose with respect to such Reference 
Entity, and/or (ii) a TARGET Settlement Day (if "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement Day" is 
specified with respect to such Reference Entity), or (b) if a place or places or such terms are not 
so specified, (i) if the related Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated in the euro, a 
TARGET Settlement Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of denomination of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
Business Days referenced in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall be deemed to be Credit Linked 
Security Business Days. 
"Credit Linked Security Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as 
the case may be) for which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
and may include the Calculation Agent or any affiliate and a Holder or its Affiliate or as may 
otherwise be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Linked Security Maturity Date" means either: 
(a)
the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b)
where an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date 
falling two London Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date 
falling two Business Days after the latest to occur of the expiry of the Notice Delivery 
Period, the expiry of the Post Dismissal Additional Period or the latest date on which 
it would be possible for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to deliver a Credit Event 
Notice under paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Event Determination 
Date". 
"Credit Unwind Costs" means an amount (such amount prior to any apportionment pro rata, 
the "Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs"), subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss 
of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with:

--- Page 435 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
436 
(a)
where applicable, the redemption, settlement, cancellation and/or termination of the 
Credit Linked Securities (and/or the reduction in the Outstanding Principal Amount 
thereof); and 
(b)
the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction, 
such amount to be either apportioned pro rata amongst the principal amount outstanding of each 
Credit Linked Security. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(a)
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation that is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted 
to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the 
Currency Rate; and 
(b)
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the 
Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment 
Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount 
into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(a)
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of 
conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either: 
(i)
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time; or 
(ii)
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b)
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the 
Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after

--- Page 436 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
437 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Credit Observation Period End Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Settlement Date, a Delivery Date, the Credit 
Linked Security Maturity Date or other redemption date of the Credit Linked Securities or the 
date on which instructions are given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such redemption or 
any date, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
of termination, settlement, replacement or re-establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge 
Transaction (or entry into a binding commitment in respect of any of the foregoing) by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates (following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), as applicable. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if a Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount 
is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either 
case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means: 
(a)
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey 
all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as

--- Page 437 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
438 
applicable, to the Issuer or the Holders, as the case may be, free and clear of any and 
all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on 
all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity 
or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a Deliverable Obligation is 
a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the Issuer or the Holders, as the case may be, and (ii) if a 
Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying 
Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, 
(A) "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all 
claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap and (B) those claims shall 
be deemed to be Deliverable Obligations.  "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be 
construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in 
the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of 
such Loan at that time, provided further that the Issuer and each Holder agrees to 
comply with the provisions of any documentation (which shall include any market 
advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to 
approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant 
market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may be amended 
to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves is 
appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the 
parties hereunder.  The Issuer agrees, and each Holder is deemed to further agree, that 
compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation shall be 
required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this 
definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how 
Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Holder shall be permitted 
to request that any party take nor shall the Issuer or any Holder be required to take, any 
action or make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless 
otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
(b)
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset 
Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Deliver" and the relevant provisions on delivery shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date 
on which the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) has notified the Holders of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with 
the definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable

--- Page 438 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
439 
Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion 
and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset 
Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a)
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations; 
(b)
the Reference Obligation; 
(c)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity) 
or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event). 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term 
"Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described 
by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject 
to Credit Linked Security Condition 6 (Provisions relating to Obligation Category and 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics), having each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect of the Reference Entity, in 
each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date (unless otherwise 
specified). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If 
any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct 
Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  
No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set 
forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 439 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
440 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth 
in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered 
under paragraph (b)(iii) of the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in 
favour of each Holder that provides each Holder with recourse to the participation seller for a 
specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each Holder and either: 
(a)
the Issuer (, to the extent that the Issuer, is then a lender or member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or 
(b)
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity 
and any successor currency thereto.  If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall 
be the lawful currency and any successor currency of: 
(a)
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b)
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms 
of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following:

--- Page 440 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
441 
(a)
any: 
(i)
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii)
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii)
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv)
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b)
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c)
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i)
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralized debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (II) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000: 
(ii)
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii)
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) 
hereof; and 
(d)
any: 
(i)
Sovereign; or 
(ii)
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event: 
(a)
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or

--- Page 441 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
442 
(b)
save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), either: 
(i)
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A)
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(I)
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B)
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(I)
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date; or 
(ii)
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period 
from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and 
including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter, 
provided that: 
(i)
no Physical Settlement Date or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date (as 
applicable) has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(ii)
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior 
to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an 
Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect 
to the portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount, if any, with respect 
to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(iii)
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(A)
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event 
Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; 
(B)
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the then outstanding 
Reference Entity Notional Amount; or 
(C)
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction 
Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the 
Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
for such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination 
Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, 
or to the extent that, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event that,

--- Page 442 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
443 
but for such DC No Credit Event Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, prior 
to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date. 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Basket Credit Linked Securities or Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Securities and an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one 
Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the order in which 
such Event Determination Dates occurred acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner. 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Holders but which was not due on the Credit 
Linked Securities, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, Event 
Determination Date or Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which 
the amount in question would otherwise have been required to be paid.  
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
related relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
related relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Security Condition 9(a)(i) 
(Multiple Credit Event Notices). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of: 
(a)
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b)
15 Credit Linked Security Business Days following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(c)
15 Credit Linked Security Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if 
any; or 
(d)
15 Credit Linked Security Business Days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any,

--- Page 443 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
444 
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a)
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th Credit Linked Security Business Day 
following the Physical Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge 
Transaction, the Original Bonds or Original Loans (or Assets which form part of the 
Asset Package intended to be Delivered in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond (the "Original Assets"), or any other Deliverable 
Obligations in lieu thereof), may not be received by the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates on or before the Extended Physical Settlement Date but the Issuer and/or any 
of its affiliates may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or 
otherwise obtain such Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans 
in lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof 
on or before the date falling three Credit Linked Security Business Days (in a case 
where Original Bonds may be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date) or ten Credit Linked Security Business Days (in a case 
where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in lieu thereof or Original Assets or any 
other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof may be received or otherwise obtained 
after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after the Extended Physical Settlement 
Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up to three Credit Linked 
Security Business Days or ten Credit Linked Security Business Days, respectively, 
after the original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the 
Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(b)
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may 
select, provided that such date falls no later than the 120th Credit Linked Security 
Business Day following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such 
selection, such 120th Credit Linked Security Business Day. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a)
the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(b)
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i)
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in 
relation to any Reference Entity; 
(ii)
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs 
on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; and 
(iii)
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof; 
(c)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if: 
(i)
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable in relation to any 
Reference Entity; and 
(ii)
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (c) of the definition 
thereof.

--- Page 444 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
445 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer giving notice of 
the following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(a)
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has 
occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(b)
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or 
(c)
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(d)
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(a)
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition 
thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying 
an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms on or prior to the Movement Option 
Cut-off Date); 
(c)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d)
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution 
Date has occurred within three Business Days of such Event Determination Date. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last 
Final List in respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
"Final Price" means:

--- Page 445 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
446 
(a)
the price specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being the Final Price with respect to 
a Reference Entity; or 
(b)
the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation Obligation, 
Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation expressed as a percentage of its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, 
the Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, 
determined in accordance with: 
(i)
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in 
accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date (or, in the case of a relevant Asset other than Borrowed 
Money and other than a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, such other market value of the relevant Asset as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); or 
(ii)
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, the relevant Asset Market Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall 
be zero. If the Final Price is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final Price shall be the 
price so specified. 
"Final Price Calculation Date" means an Auction Final Price Determination Date or, as the 
case may be, the date on which the Weighted Average Final Price or (as applicable) the Final 
Price is determined in respect of a particular Credit Event and the relevant Reference Entity, or, 
in the case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities, the relevant Event Determination Date. 
"Final Settlement Date" means the 10th Business Day following the latest to occur of the Final 
Price Calculation Dates in respect of the Reference Entities. 
"First Ranking Interest" means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first 
priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding 
that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant 
insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit Linked 
Security Dealers, each firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable) obtained from a Credit Linked Security 
Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the 
Quotation Amount.

--- Page 446 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
447 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, 
the Relevant Valuation Date.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or 
transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity 
(private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some 
or of all of its obligations; or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities 
specified in (i) to (iii). 
"Governmental Intervention" means: 
(a)
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a 
form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i)
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount 
of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at 
redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the 
payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or 
premium; or 
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; 
(ii)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(iii)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or

--- Page 447 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
448 
(iv)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) 
to (a)(iii) above. 
(b)
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a)
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b)
if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period 
End Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Credit Observation Period End Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser 
of such grace period and the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c)
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Credit Observation Period End Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a)
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity; 
and 
(b)
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure 
to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates has not received the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any other agents thereof, as 
shall be determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion.

--- Page 448 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
449 
"Hedge Positions" means any arrangements entered into by the Hedging Entity at any time in 
order to hedge the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Linked Securities 
including, without limitation, the entry into or maintenance of one or more securities, currency 
or derivatives positions, stock loan transactions or any other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described). 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or 
positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Linked Securities. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of any Credit Linked Security, that the Issuer and/or 
Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts,  to (a) hold, acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s),  asset(s) or 
any futures or option contracts the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other 
relevant risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked 
Securities or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant Hedge Positions relating to the Credit Linked 
Securities themselves.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of a Credit Linked Security, that the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity would incur a materially 
increased (as compared to the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions or selling commission) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or any futures or option contracts the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest risk or any other relevant risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s), any such futures 
or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to either the Credit Linked 
Securities themselves, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Relevant Annex, the index sponsor (if any) specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Interest" means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, 
security interest or other type of interest having similar effect. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
thereto). 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 449 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
450 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Potential Cash 
Settlement Event in respect of a Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans where "Partial 
Credit Event Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans", "Partial Credit Event Cash 
Settlement of Assignable Loans" or "Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement of Participations" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, the date that is 15 Credit 
Linked Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, or, in respect of any other 
Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Security 
Condition 7(c)(ii) (Nth-to-Default). 
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 
20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following 
the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years 
(the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 
12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation 
Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category 
that are Bonds or, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within 
that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category 
that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
"LPN Issuer" means the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance 
an Underlying Loan.  For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference 
Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from 
constituting a Reference Obligation. 
"Max" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the 
greater of the amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a)
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or

--- Page 450 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
451 
(b)
if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
"Min" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser 
of the amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means, unless where specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the lower of: 
(a)
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(b)
the Quotation Amount. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation 
Period End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation Period End Date is later than the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit 
Observation Period End Date. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves) or such earlier date as the Issuer may 
designate by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Holders in accordance with  General 
Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General Note Condition 20 (Notices). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(a)
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b)
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) 
above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, in relation to "Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities", such number as 
may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPs 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of 
Valuation Obligations.

--- Page 451 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
452 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a)
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the 
over-the-counter market and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity; 
(b)
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published; or 
(c)
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following 
a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances 
where either: 
(i)
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii)
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference 
Entity. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Holders notifying that the Calculation Agent is 
replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment 
Notice is effective). 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on 
its behalf).

--- Page 452 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
453 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect 
to such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable 
only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action 
having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic 
Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not 
constitute a Domestic Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign 
or (B) any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations 
generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference 
Obligation or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable, an 
effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date 15 Credit Linked Security Business Days (or such other number of days as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event 
is an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of such date and the Exercise Cut-off Date). 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Holders on or prior to the latest of: 
(a)
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b)
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 25 Credit Linked Security Business Days after the 
last to occur of the Auction Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, 
the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date and the last Parallel Notice of Physical 
Settlement Date (in each case if any and if applicable); and

--- Page 453 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
454 
(c)
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
to the Calculation Agent by the Movement Option Cut-off Date, 5 Credit Linked 
Security Business Days following such Movement Option Cut-off Date; 
(d)
30 calendar days following the Event Determination Date; and 
(e)
10 calendar days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or 
of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
(the "NOPS Cut-off Date") that: 
(i)
confirms that the Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Securities by 
Physical Settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Security Condition 5 
(Physical Settlement); and 
(ii)
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer 
intends to Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Holders, including the 
Outstanding Amount and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligations. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding 
Amount (or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the 
Settlement Valuation Date at least equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as 
applicable, Exercise Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may, from time to time, deliver to the Holders 
in the manner specified above a NOPS Amendment Notice.  A NOPS Amendment Notice shall 
contain a revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall 
also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  The Outstanding 
Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount.  Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting 
from such NOPS Amendment Notice).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may correct 
any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date, 
and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its 
behalf) shall, prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Holders of the detailed description of the 
Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to the Holders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case that such notice 
shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice.  In relation 
to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must

--- Page 454 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
455 
cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of both sub-paragraphs (a) and 
(b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium".  The notice must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will 
also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Security 
and a Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered 
into by the Issuer, as Buyer (defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating the 
terms of the Credit Derivatives Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(a)
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if not, 
the Issue Date; 
(b)
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(c)
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(d)
the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of 
such Credit Linked Security; and 
(e)
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit 
Linked Security as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Security" means any Credit Linked Securities specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(b)
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be 
defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified in respect thereof and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in respect thereof, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of 
either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity.

--- Page 455 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
456 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than 
a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
relation to the Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Reference Entity (other than for the purposes 
of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
"Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms by reference to this definition, or (b) the Reference Entity is a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade. 
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable. 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance 
with Credit Linked Security Condition 6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference 
Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case 
of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any); 
(ii)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to 
the terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) 
payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph 
(ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and

--- Page 456 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
457 
(iii)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute 
the Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A)
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B)
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation).  
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Credit Linked Security, such Credit 
Linked Security's pro rata share of the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount (in the case of Credit 
Linked Instruments) or the aggregate Specified Denomination (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes) less such Credit Linked Security's pro rata share of all Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred 
(excluding where Credit Linked Security Condition 2(h)(ii) (Redemption at Maturity) applies) 
subject, in each case, to a minimum of zero and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take 
account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Securities and the issuance of any 
further Credit Linked Securities . 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was 
legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the 
same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions which would be applicable to the Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction and for which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be 
an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 457 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
458 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means where the applicable Settlement 
Method is Physical Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
aggregate, for each Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a)
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations; multiplied by 
(b)
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date falling three Credit Linked 
Security Business Days (unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the 
calculation of the Final Price. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure 
to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a)
as a result of the application of: 
(i)
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii)
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii)
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(v)
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(b)
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation.

--- Page 458 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
459 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of 
Deliverable Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, by an amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Credit 
Unwind Costs (only if positive) rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a 
Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are not 
applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation 
value of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by 
the Issuer by way of compensation for any Credit Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date as specified in relation to a Reference Entity as the 
Calculation Agent may designate. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented 
as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) and as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided 
that any reference therein to: 
(a)
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
"Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Specified Currency; 
(c)
"Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined 
in this Annex 12; 
(d)
"Section 1.33" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Security Condition 
9(a) (Multiple Credit Event Notices); and 
(e)
"Section 8.19" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as 
defined in this Annex 12. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 2(d) 
(Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Events), the number of Credit Linked Security 
Business Days specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of Credit 
Linked Security Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
the longest number of Credit Linked Security Business Days for settlement in accordance with 
then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that if the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) intends to Deliver an

--- Page 459 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
460 
Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the 
Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as 
applicable, the Issue Date)). 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite 
consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents 
or any relevant participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to 
any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market conditions, or any contractual, statutory 
and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the failure 
of the Holder to give the Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the Holder to 
open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the Holders are unable to accept Delivery of 
the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any other reason). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any 
grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a)
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b)
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, 
if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the related relevant Issue Terms as the 
Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the 
Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity.

--- Page 460 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
461 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense 
based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set- off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
related relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, 
Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian 
Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business 
news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organized and any other internationally 
recognized published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has 
occurred and which: 
(i)
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources (regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain 
such information); 
(ii)
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign), or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii)
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer and/or any other party receiving such information may assume that such information 
has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference 
Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the 
disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the 
"Downstream Affiliate" definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference 
Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default

--- Page 461 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
462 
Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (C) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not 
by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered 
as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each 
case, other than: 
(i)
by payment; 
(ii)
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii)
by operation of law; 
(iv)
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v)
due to: 
(A)
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(B)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of 
the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that

--- Page 462 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
463 
such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x)
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y)
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be 
no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at 
the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, Valuation 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the 
Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date 
in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant 
Valuation Date from five or more Credit Linked Security Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Credit Linked Security Business 
Day within three Credit Linked Security Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Credit Linked Security Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Credit 
Linked Security Business Day thereafter until the tenth Credit Linked Security Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Credit Linked Security Dealers and, if two or more Full 
Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Credit 
Linked Security Business Day on or prior to the tenth Credit Linked Security Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Credit Linked Security Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Credit Linked Security Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average 
of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Credit Linked Security 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Credit Linked Security Business Day with respect 
to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and 
a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(a)
with respect to a Reference Obligation, the amount specified in relation to a Reference 
Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference

--- Page 463 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
464 
to the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by 
the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange 
rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(b)
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior 
to the Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(c)
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) 
above) of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, where applicable, identified in a Relevant Annex, and 
any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(a)
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" 
on or following the Trade Date or, where applicable, identified by an Index Sponsor; 
or 
(b)
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit 
Linked Securities, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Security 
Condition 7 (Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means in respect of any Reference Entity, the amount 
in which the Issuer has purchased credit protection in respect of such Reference Entity, as set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms or if no such amount is specified: 
(a)
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities or Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities, the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Securities (in the case of Credit Linked Instruments) and/or the aggregate Specified 
Denomination (in the case of  Credit Linked Notes); and 
(b)
in the case of Basket Credit Linked Securities, if a Reference Entity Weighting is 
specified or applies in respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of such 
Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity and the initial aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Securities (in the case of Credit Linked 
Instruments) or the aggregate Specified Denomination of the Credit Linked Securities 
(in the case of Credit Linked Notes), divided by (ii) the sum of all Reference Entity 
Weightings, or, if no Reference Entity Weightings are specified for the Reference 
Entities (i) the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Securities (in 
the case of Credit Linked Instruments) or the aggregate Specified Denomination of the 
Credit Linked Securities (in the case of Credit Linked Notes), divided by (ii) the 
number of Reference Entities,

--- Page 464 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
465 
subject in each case to Credit Linked Security Conditions – 2 (Credit Linked Redemption), 7 
(Successors) and 9 (Restructuring Credit Event) and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to 
take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Securities or the issuance of 
any further Credit Linked Securities. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a)
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a 
Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b)
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity (or no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (ii) there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease 
to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be 
no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO 
List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity 
shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) 
shall be applicable where Reference Obligation Only applies. 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) 
"Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable.  If 
the event set out in paragraph (i) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs with respect to 
the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, the Issuer shall redeem or 
cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities on a date as specified 
by notice to the Holders in accordance General Instrument Condition 22 (Notices) or General 
Note Condition 20 (Notices) on or after the Substitution Event Date, and at an amount (which 
may be zero) in respect of each Credit Linked Security equal to the Non-scheduled Early 
Repayment Amount of such Credit Linked Security taking into account the relevant Substitution 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the

--- Page 465 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
466 
events set out in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant Annex" means an annex setting out the Reference Entities for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Securities, being the annex specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a)
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b)
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which 
fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of 
the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of 
the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the "Senior 
Transaction" were applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Valuation Date" means the Settlement Valuation Date or Valuation Date, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 466 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
467 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that 
the Issuer intends to, subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), 
Deliver to the Holders in lieu of each original Deliverable Obligation which has not been 
Delivered as at the date of such NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has 
the same Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better 
credit quality than the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services and/or by Moody's Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant Succession Date 
provided that in selecting any Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no 
obligation to the Holders, the Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor 
selected meets the criteria specified above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the 
least credit-worthy of the Successors.  In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not 
be liable to account to the Holders, the Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit 
to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a)
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i)
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or 
(ii)
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b)
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date: 
(a)
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include 
Bonds, the date that is the later of: 
(i)
the 
date 
that 
is 
60 
days 
after 
the 
date 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; and

--- Page 467 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
468 
(ii)
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable 
Grace Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b)
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not 
include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a)
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way 
of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v)
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
(b)
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i)
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the

--- Page 468 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
469 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(ii)
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other 
currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction 
in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(v) 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into 
another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(c)
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Security Condition 9(e) 
(Multiple Holder Obligations), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the 
Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and 
the reference to the Reference Entity in (b) above shall continue to refer to the 
Reference Entity. 
(d)
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under (a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which 
a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End 
Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or 
Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 
2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan") and the Credit Observation Period End Date occurs prior to the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity

--- Page 469 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
470 
Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either: 
(a)
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b)
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"Sanction Rules" means any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, sanction, 
directive or designation of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, in each case, relating to any economic or financial sanctions and embargo programmes, 
including, but not limited to, those enacted, administered and/or enforced, from time to time, by 
(or by any agency or other authority of) the United States, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union (or any Member State thereof), Switzerland or the United Nations, and which financial 
sanctions and embargo programs may include (without limitation), those restrictions applicable 
to designated or blocked persons. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable relevant Issue 
Terms which shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention unless otherwise specified in the applicable relevant Issue Terms. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior 
Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, or (b) if no such 
seniority level is specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if 
no currency is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Currency. 
"Settlement Method" means the settlement method specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms and if no Settlement Method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement.

--- Page 470 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
471 
"Settlement Valuation Date" means the date being three Credit Linked Security Business Days 
prior to the Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third Credit 
Linked Security Business Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation 
Date shall be the date which is three Credit Linked Security Business Days after such Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is given. 
"Similar Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or 
an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available to the relevant Reference Entity), and as 
secondary criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity to such Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition, "Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned 
by the three rating agencies Moody's Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, 
a division of Standard & Poor's Credit Market Service Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings or any 
of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, 
only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities" means any Credit Linked Securities 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" means the 2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation 
set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in 
respect of the Reference Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified 
Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also 
include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental

--- Page 471 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
472 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by 
one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity 
existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall 
not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) 
in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or 
incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation 
is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then 
the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.

--- Page 472 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
473 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a)
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation 
has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b)
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and 
paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c)
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(i)
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii)
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii)
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I)
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(B)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 473 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
474 
(I)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II)
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(III)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(IV)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
or 
(C)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non- Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(II)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III)
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d)
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Credit Linked Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Substitute Reference Obligation determined 
by the Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation.  
(e)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to 
paragraph (a) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b), the 
Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation.

--- Page 474 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
475 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice 
to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a)
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b)
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c)
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred pursuant to such paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and 
the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) 
issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor 
or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable.  For purposes of the provisions relating to the 
determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession 
Event", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the 
final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination 
pursuant to the definition of "Successor" would not be affected by any further related

--- Page 475 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
476 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution 
Request Date, in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, 
(B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent determines, not more than fifteen Credit 
Linked Security Business Days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred.  The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Security Condition 7(a)(ii) (Provisions for 
determining a Successor), the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a)
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(b)
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c)
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(d)
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e)
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(f)
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds

--- Page 476 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
477 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will 
be a Successor); and 
(g)
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the 
"Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor for the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Security 
Condition 7(c)(ii) (Nth-to-Default) above. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a 
related Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in 
respect of such Credit Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction 
would be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
"Transaction Type" specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a)
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b)
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c)
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which, on the Maturity Date for such

--- Page 477 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
478 
Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without 
limitation, failure by the Holder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-
receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal 
to Deliver on the Maturity Date, as a result of an event described in Credit Linked Security 
Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement). 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the 
Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Unwind Value of the Reference CDS" means an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the Calculation Agent 
would have to pay to a counterparty (a positive amount) or receive from a counterparty (a 
negative amount) to terminate a credit default swap having market standard terms for such 
Reference Entity, and having a notional amount equal to the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a)
any Credit Linked Security Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit 
Linked Security Business Day following the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above of the definition of 
"Event Determination Date", the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs, if later), or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later Credit Linked Security Business Day, (in each case, 
as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); or 
(b)
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any Credit Linked 
Security Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Linked Security 
Business Day following the Event Determination Date, or, following any Auction 
Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later Credit Linked 
Security Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(c)
if Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen Credit 
Linked Security Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
or, as applicable the Extended Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Credit Linked Security Conditions, one or more obligations of such 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of

--- Page 478 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
479 
being specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable) if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in 
the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion on or prior to the 
applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a)
any reference to "Delivery Date" or "NOPS Effective Date" in the definitions of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the 
terms comprising "Deliverable Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic" and "Due and Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the words "Relevant Valuation Date"; and 
(b)
in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal 
Balance", "Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of 
"Final Price", "Full Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted 
Average Quotation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of 
"Valuation Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected 
settlement method. 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference 
Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, 
as the case may be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and references 
to "Quotation Amount" shall be construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such 
Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof 
(converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and including) the Event 
Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), shall not exceed the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time 
is specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined 
for each selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the 
outstanding amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination). 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the 
Credit Linked Security Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the 
Credit Linked Security Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each

--- Page 479 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
480 
for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, 
as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable (or its equivalent in the relevant currency converted by the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect 
at the time of such determination), of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least equal to the Minimum 
Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
12.
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
The following are the "NTCE Provisions", which shall (i) not apply in respect of a Reference 
Entity if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) apply in respect of a Reference Entity if 
such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign, in each case unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (and reference in any applicable Transaction Type to "2019 NTCE Supplement to 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 2019)" shall for clarification, be to these 
provisions). 
(a)
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Security Condition 
11 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance 
with Credit Linked Security Condition 6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference 
Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case 
of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any); 
(ii)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to 
the terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) 
payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph 
(ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute 
the Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A)
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date; and

--- Page 480 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
481 
(B)
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the 
relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable relevant 
Issue Terms with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the 
above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or 
discounted under paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan 
where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment 
amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the 
accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or 
Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan 
shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined 
by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount 
advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for 
applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
"Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into 
account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in such manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.".

--- Page 481 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
482 
(b)
Failure to Pay 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Security Condition 11 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
""Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such 
failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity in the applicable relevant Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure 
does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In 
making such determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account the guidance 
note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(published on July 15, 2019).".

--- Page 482 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
483 
ANNEX A TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED 
SECURITIES
AUCTION SETTLEMENT
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below or in Annex B to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities).  All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more 
auctions will be held in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity 
based upon a specified Auction Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure (each, 
an "Auction").  If an Auction is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based 
upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms first published as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms"). Holders should note that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore not be accurate 
in all cases.  The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective investors must 
refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction 
methodology set forth therein (the "Auction Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology 
apply to credit default swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Linked 
Securities. A copy of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer 
and is also currently available at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will additionally make several related determinations, including the date on 
which the Auction will be held (the "Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders 
in the Auction (the "Participating Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 
to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also 
amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that a public 
comment period is necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not 
contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, 
an "Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of 
each Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if 
such Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating 
Bidders (determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each 
such Relevant Pairing.  If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three 
such rates are obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of 
such rates, without regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values.  If exactly three rates are 
obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the 
highest and lowest values.  For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value,

--- Page 483 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
484 
then one of such rates shall be disregarded.  If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that 
the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial 
Market Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer 
Physical Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of 
the Relevant Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity).  The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such 
commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment 
will be a "Physical Settlement Sell Request").  Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the 
best of such Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, 
its Market Position.  Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant 
customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted 
by such customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with 
the Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as 
follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with 
the tightest spreads.  The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial 
Market Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest 
spreads.

--- Page 484 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
485 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable 
market will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction 
Methodology.  Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related 
to any auction that ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of 
settlement of credit derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may 
be repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding 
Period has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market 
Midpoint and the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology.  If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will 
match the Open Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids 
or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as 
applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the 
lowest matched bid exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the 
percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the 
nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint 
plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint 
exceeds the price associated with the highest offer by more than the Cap Amount, then the Auction Final 
Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, 
have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will 
be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) 
the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell 
Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price

--- Page 485 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
486 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 
100 per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the 
Auction Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer 
Physical Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details 
of all such bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Restructuring 
Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be more 
than one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and 
depending on which party triggers the credit default swap.  Deliverable obligations will be identified for 
each bucket (any deliverable obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all 
longer buckets).  If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for 
a particular bucket, then that auction will be held according to the existing auction methodology that has 
previously been used for Bankruptcy and Failure to Pay credit events as described in the summary below, 
except that the deliverable obligations will be limited to those falling within the relevant maturity bucket. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer 
if applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a 
Customer Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, 
Limit Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-
Settled Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer.  
Accordingly, each such Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations 
pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or 
customer has been matched a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that 
it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the 
Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction 
Date will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market 
participant (endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to 
resolve whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date 
will occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 486 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
487 
ANNEX B TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED 
SECURITIES 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may 
but is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules, as published by ISDA and made available on the website of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website 
thereto) as of 28 September 2018 (the "Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from 
time to time and as amended from time to time. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and 
prospective investors should also read the Rules and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment 
decisions. 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
Rules 
published 
by 
ISDA 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto). 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or the Rules, as applicable. 
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each 
of the regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle 
East and Africa and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a 
voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Risk Factors – Risks 
Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding 
conflicts of interest. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the 
Rules and will make determinations that are relevant for Credit Derivative Transactions that incorporate, 
or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as amended from time to 
time (the "2014 Definitions"). ISDA will serve as the secretary of each Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and will perform administrative duties and make certain determinations as 
provided for under the Rules. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions (depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee)  and for which the relevant provisions are not materially 
inconsistent with the provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
bases its determination. As a result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
are not applicable to the Holders, unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit Linked Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
owe no duty to the Holders. See "Risk Factors - Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" for further information. The terms of the Credit Linked Securities provide that the Holders 
will be subject to certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. The 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make determinations without action or 
knowledge by the Holders. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA 
by an identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of

--- Page 487 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
488 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question 
to ISDA by an unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting 
members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) 
a question to ISDA by an eligible market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing 
entity) and such question is not designated as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible 
cleared Reference Entity with respect to such Eligible CCP and to certain specified matters such as a 
Credit Event, Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and/or Successor. ISDA will convene the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee for the region to which the referred question relates, as 
determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a transaction that incorporates, or is deemed to 
incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions may refer a question to ISDA for a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding determination may be 
made with respect to the Credit Linked Securities without any action by the Holders.  Holders (in their 
capacity as holders of the Credit Linked Securities) will not be able to refer questions to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may 
result quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held 
with respect to such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80% of the voting 
members participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, subject 
only to limited abstention rights. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions, meeting statements and the results of binding 
votes will be published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of 
their respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such information (other than as 
expressly provided in the relevant Issue Terms). Holders shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such 
information.  See "Risk Factors – Rights Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees". 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Holders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make a 
broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit Linked 
Securities and materially affect the Holders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under 
the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial 
question referred. Since the terms governing the credit-linked elements of the Credit Linked Securities 
are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions, 
such determinations may affect the Holders, as further described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within the scope 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
will also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information has been 
provided. Each of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available Information 
has been provided, requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external 
review process, as described further below. The determination of whether the required Publicly Available 
Information has been provided requires the agreement of at least a majority of the voting members

--- Page 488 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
489 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules and is not eligible for external review. 
Each of these determinations may affect whether an Event Determination Date will occur under the 
Credit Linked Securities. If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit Event Backstop 
Date, then an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred in respect of the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
Successors 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any 
Successor or Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in 
accordance with the Rules. For a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including 
any adjustments required to be made if there is a Steps Plan), the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) 
to which each purported Successor succeeds and the Succession Date. For a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments to be made if there is a Steps Plan), whether a 
Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which 
each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession Date. Each of these determinations requires the 
agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with 
the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further 
below, except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) for a Reference Entity (which only requires 
a majority and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation Agent may use the relevant DC 
Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to 
the Reference Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances 
have occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate 
Substitute Reference Obligation. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may also make 
determinations in relation to (i) Standard Reference Obligations and if applicable replacement Standard 
Reference Obligations in accordance with the Standard Reference Obligation Rules and (ii) whether or 
not Asset Package Delivery is applicable pursuant to the 2014 Definitions and if so, any Asset Package 
relating to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable. In addition, the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether an entity that acts as 
seller of protection under one or more transactions (such entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference 
Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or transferred all or substantially all its 
assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or that the Relevant Seller and the 
Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these determinations requires the agreement 
of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules 
in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. 
The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent determinations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions 
that are relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral 
dispute. Such questions require the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
implicated by the relevant question, as determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the

--- Page 489 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
490 
possible referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. Furthermore, 
the question relating to such DC Resolution may also be referred to the external review process if at least 
a majority of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules agree. 
Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees with respect to questions of 
interpretation of the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions are likely to 
influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent provisions under the Credit Linked Securities. 
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an 
unidentified eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee(s) will deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members of 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the 
deliberations on such question have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will proceed in accordance with the procedures described above with respect to the relevant 
question category, except that the identity of the eligible market participant who submitted the question 
will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the general 
public. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the 
binding vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of the voting members 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the question will be 
automatically referred to the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review 
often require only a simple majority of participating voting members to agree in order to reach a DC 
Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who 
will be selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at 
random. The default duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days 
from the referral of the question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral 
argument. Any member of ISDA may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will 
be made available to the public on the ISDA website, and the conclusion reached in accordance with the 
external review process will be binding on the Holders. In instances where the vote of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was less than or equal to 60%, the decision of a majority of the 
external reviewers will be determinative. However, in instances where the vote of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60% and 80%, all three external reviewers must 
agree in order to overturn the vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Holders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not 
available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the 
binding vote and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for 
another vote if new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at 
a decision for any reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process 
may be elongated in certain situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Holders 
unresolved for a period of time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees

--- Page 490 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
491 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three 
non-voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving 
across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer 
institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer 
institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could 
potentially vary by region. For the first composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees only, an additional non-voting dealer institution has been selected to serve across all regions. 
Holders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Holders will have no role in establishing such 
criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change 
from time to time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution 
may be required to be replaced. The Holders will have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent 
provided for in the Credit Linked Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected 
institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain actions that may 
influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
including (without limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to ISDA, (b) voting on the 
resolution of any question being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and (c) 
advocating a certain position during the external review process. In addition, as a party to transactions 
which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, 
the Calculation Agent may refer a question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
to deliberate. In deciding whether to take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall 
be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of the 
Calculation Agent" below for additional information. 
Potential Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or 
are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, it may take certain 
actions which may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse 
to the interests of the Holders and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. 
In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any 
duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Holders and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
Holders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules,

--- Page 491 ---
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
492 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Holders and the Holders will 
be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Holders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific 
determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated 
to follow previous determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar 
set of facts. 
Holders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published 
on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates 
shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms). Failure by the Holders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the relevant Issue Terms and 
Holders are solely responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Holders and the powers 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 492 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
493 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED CONDITIONS 
Adjustment and Disruption Provisions for Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments 
1. 
Consequences of Non-Common Trading Days and/or Common Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
1.2 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
1.3 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Common Trading Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day 
1.4 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Common Trading Day and Common Disrupted 
Day 
2. 
Definitions 
Prospective purchasers of, and investors in, Securities should refer to the section entitled "Risk 
Factors" on pages 8 to 68 of the Base Prospectus, which includes the risk factors in relation to the 
Securities and the Issuer and specific risk factors relating to Index Linked Securities commencing 
on page 44 and Share Linked Securities commencing on pages 38.
These Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions shall apply to Instruments for which the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments are applicable.  
1.
Consequences of Non-Common Trading Days and/or Common Disrupted Days 
1.1
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Trading Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates 
−Basket Valuation (Common Trading Day and Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable 
to the Common Basket Assets, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is a 
Common Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Common Basket Asset, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date; and 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is 
not a Common Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket 
Assets, the following provisions shall apply: 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then if 
(A) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day for one or 
more Common Basket Assets, or (B) the Calculation Agent determines that 
any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day, in 
which case the Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset 
shall be the first succeeding Common Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date (such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date, 
following adjustment of such date owing to such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date not being a Common Trading Day, if applicable, the 
"Adjusted Averaging Reference Date"), provided that if such Adjusted 
Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common

--- Page 493 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
494 
Basket Assets, then, in respect of (A) and (B), the following provisions shall 
apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, 
then the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset 
shall be such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date; and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following such 
Adjusted Averaging Reference Date which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Asset, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Asset. 
In that case: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Asset; 
(b)
where such Common Basket Asset is: 
(x) 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the relevant price for such 
Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (x) shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Closing Share Price of such Share at the 
relevant Valuation Time of such Share in respect 
of such Averaging Reference Date); 
(y) 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level of such Index as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of, calculating such Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect 
of any relevant Component that is a share on that 
last consecutive Common Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), and, 
in respect of such Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (y) 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index 
Level of such Index at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of such Averaging Reference Date).

--- Page 494 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
495 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined 
in accordance with this Multi-Asset Basket Linked Condition 1.1 in 
respect of a Scheduled Averaging Reference Date may fall on the 
same day that another Averaging Reference Date in respect of 
another Scheduled Averaging Reference Date falls, whether or not 
such latter Averaging Reference Date was also determined in 
accordance with this Multi-Asset Basket Linked Condition 1.1. 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Modified Postponement" to be 
applicable, then if (A) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is a Common Trading Day but is a Disrupted Day 
for one or more Common Basket Assets, or (B) the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Scheduled Averaging Reference Date is not a Common 
Trading Day, in which case the Averaging Reference Date for each Common 
Basket Asset shall be the first succeeding Common Trading Day on which 
another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur 
following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date (such Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, following adjustment of such date owing to such 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date not being a Common Trading Day, if 
applicable, the "Adjusted Averaging Reference Date"), provided that if such 
Adjusted Averaging Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Assets, then, in respect of (A) and (B), the following 
provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, 
then the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset 
shall be such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date; and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, then 
the Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date for such Common Basket Asset 
following such Adjusted Averaging Reference Date. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date for such Common Basket Asset has not 
occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such Adjusted Averaging 
Reference Date, then: 
(a)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Asset; 
(b)
where such Common Basket Asset is: 
(x) 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the relevant price for such 
Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (x) shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Closing Share Price of such Share at the 
relevant Valuation Time of such Share in respect 
of such Averaging Reference Date); 
(y) 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level of such Index as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled

--- Page 495 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
496 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of, calculating such Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Component 
comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect 
of any relevant Component that is a share on that 
last consecutive Common Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), and, 
in respect of such Index, such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (y) 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index 
Level of such Index at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of such Averaging Reference Date).  
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Assets, and where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (c)(i) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing 
Share Price of such Share at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such 
Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of such Averaging Reference Date, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date of each Component comprised in such Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component 
that is a share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Averaging Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c)(ii) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level of such Index at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date. 
1.2
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates – Common Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference Dates − 
Basket Valuation (Common Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable 
to the Common Basket Assets, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day for any Common Basket Asset or is 
a Common Trading Day that is a Common Disrupted Day and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be the first succeeding

--- Page 496 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
497 
Common Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Common Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Common Trading Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date is a Common Disrupted Day. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket 
Assets (such Common Basket Assets being "Affected Common Basket 
Assets" for such Averaging Reference Date, and each such Common Basket 
Asset being an "Affected Common Basket Asset" for such Averaging 
Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Asset other than an Affected Common Basket Asset, 
where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price of 
such Share by reference to the relevant screen pages at the applicable 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of 
such Index by reference to the relevant screen pages at the applicable 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; or 
for each Affected Common Basket Asset which is: 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Common Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(iii)(A) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price of 
such Share at the relevant Valuation Time of such Share in respect of 
such Averaging Reference Date); 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of 
such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Common Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day of each Component comprised in 
such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of 
any relevant Component that is a share on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day), and, in respect of such Index, 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii)(B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index 
Level of such Index at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of such 
Averaging Reference Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Averaging Reference Date determined in 
accordance with this Multi-Asset Basket Linked Condition 1.2 in respect of a 
Scheduled Averaging Reference Date may fall on the same day that another 
Averaging Reference Date in respect of another Scheduled Averaging 
Reference Date falls, whether or not such latter Averaging Reference Date 
was also determined in accordance with this Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.2.

--- Page 497 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
498 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Modified Postponement" to be applicable, 
then the relevant Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be 
the first succeeding Common Valid Date. If the first succeeding Common Valid Date 
has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the consecutive Common 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following such Scheduled Averaging Reference Date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Reference Date or a Common Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date, then: 
that last consecutive Common Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is already an Averaging Reference Date or is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Common Basket Assets (such Common Basket Assets 
being "Affected Common Basket Assets" for such Averaging Reference 
Date, and each such Common Basket Asset being an "Affected Common 
Basket Asset" for such Averaging Reference Date); and 
for each Common Basket Asset other than an Affected Common Basket Asset, 
where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price of 
such Share by reference to the relevant screen pages at the applicable 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of 
such Index by reference to the relevant screen pages at the applicable 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; or  
for each Affected Common Basket Asset which is: 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Common Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(iii)(A) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price of 
such Share at the relevant Valuation Time of such Share in respect of 
such Averaging Reference Date); 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of 
such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Common Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day of each Component comprised in 
such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of 
any relevant Component that is a share on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day), and, in respect of such Index, 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii)(B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index 
Level of such Index at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of such 
Averaging Reference Date),  
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then the 
Averaging Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Scheduled Averaging

--- Page 498 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
499 
Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for one or more 
Common Basket Assets, and where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (c)(i) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing 
Share Price of such Share at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Reference Date); or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such 
Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Averaging Reference Date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of such Averaging Reference Date, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Reference Date of each Component comprised in such Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of any relevant Component 
that is a share on such Averaging Reference Date, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Averaging Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c)(ii) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level of such Index at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Averaging Reference Date. 
1.3
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Common Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading Day but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the 
Common Basket Assets, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each Common Basket Asset, then the 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be such Scheduled Reference 
Date; 
(b)
if (i) the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a 
Common Trading Day but is a Common Disrupted Day, or (ii) the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day, in which 
case the Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be the first succeeding 
Common Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date, provided that if such 
Common Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Assets, 
then, in respect of (i) and (ii), the following provisions shall apply: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Trading Day is not a 
Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, then the Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset shall be such Common Trading Day;  
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Common Trading Day is a 
Disrupted Day for a Common Basket Asset, then the Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
which the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day for such 
Common Basket Asset, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following such Common Trading Day is a 
Disrupted Day for such Common Basket Asset. In that case: 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Reference Date for such Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding

--- Page 499 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
500 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Common Basket 
Asset; and 
where such Common Basket Asset is: 
(a)
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the relevant price for such Share as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day (and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (2)(a) shall be deemed to 
be the relevant Closing Share Price for such Share at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date); or 
(b)
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level of such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with 
the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in Share 
Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of 
any relevant Component that is a share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) and, in respect of such Index, such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (2)(b) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level of such 
Index at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
relevant Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then in respect 
of a Reference Date and a Common Basket Asset, the Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day for any Common Basket Asset, and where such Common Basket Asset is: 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (c)(i) shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price of such 
Share at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date); or 
an Index, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such 
Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date in accordance 
with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of such Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date of each 
Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is a share on such Reference Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c)(ii) shall

--- Page 500 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
501 
be deemed to be the Closing Index Level of such Index at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date. 
1.4
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Common Trading Day and Common Disrupted 
Day 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable to the 
Common Basket Assets, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is a Common 
Trading Day that is not a Common Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date for each 
Common Basket Asset shall be such Scheduled Reference Date; 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Scheduled Reference Date is not a 
Common Trading Day or is a Common Trading Day that is a Common Disrupted Day, 
then the Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset shall be the first succeeding 
Common Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Common Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Common Trading Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such Scheduled Reference 
Date is a Common Disrupted Day. In that case: 
that last consecutive Common Trading Day shall be deemed to be such 
Reference Date for each Common Basket Asset, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Common Basket Assets (such 
Common Basket Assets being "Affected Common Basket Assets" for such 
Reference Date, and each such Common Basket Asset being an "Affected 
Common Basket Asset" for such Reference Date); 
for each Common Basket Asset other than an Affected Common Basket Asset, 
where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price of 
such Share by reference to the relevant screen pages at the applicable 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; or 
an Index, the relevant level of such Index by reference to the relevant 
screen pages by the Calculation Agent at the applicable Valuation 
Time on such last consecutive Common Trading Day; and 
for each Affected Common Basket Asset which is: 
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on that last consecutive Common Trading Day (and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph 
(iii)(A) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price of 
such Share at the relevant Valuation Time of such Share in respect of 
such Reference Date); 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of 
such Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Common Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day of each Component comprised in 
such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in respect of 
any relevant Component that is a share on that last consecutive 
Common Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the

--- Page 501 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
502 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Common Trading Day), and, in respect of such Index, 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii)(B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index 
Level of such Index at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of such 
Reference Date), 
provided that, 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "No Adjustment" to be applicable, then in respect 
of a Reference Date and a Common Basket Asset, the Reference Date for such 
Common Basket Asset shall be the Scheduled Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such Scheduled Reference Date is not a Common Trading Day or is a Common 
Disrupted Day, and where such Common Basket Asset is:  
a Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
relevant price for such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Reference Date (and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
this paragraph (c)(i) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price of 
such Share at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference 
Date); or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such 
Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date in accordance 
with the formula for and method of, calculating such Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of such Reference Date, using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Reference Date of each 
Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions)) has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is a share on such Reference Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Reference Date) and, in respect of such Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (c)(ii) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level of such Index at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the relevant Reference Date. 
2.
Definitions 
In these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Averaging Reference Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Common Basket Assets" means the Underlying Assets in a Multi-Asset Basket (each, a 
"Common Basket Asset").  
"Common Disrupted Day" means a day which is a Disrupted Day for one or more Underlying 
Assets in a Multi-Asset Basket. 
"Common Trading Day" means, in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket, a day which is Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlying Assets in such Multi-Asset Basket.  
"Common Valid Date" means a Common Trading Day that is not a Common Disrupted Day 
and on which another Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Disrupted Day" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or

--- Page 502 ---
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions 
503 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, in respect of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments:  
(a)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket Valuation (Common Trading Day but Individual Disrupted Day)" to be 
applicable, eight Scheduled Trading Days; or  
(b)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging Reference 
Dates −Basket Valuation (Common Trading Day and Common Disrupted Day)" or 
"Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates – Basket Valuation (Common Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day)" to be applicable, eight Common Trading Days,  
or, in each case, such other number of Scheduled Trading Days or Common Trading Days, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Multi-Asset Basket" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked 
Conditions or Index Linked Conditions (as applicable), a basket composed of Underlying 
Assets in the relative proportions or numbers of Underlying Assets, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, other than a Share Basket or an Index Basket. 
"Reference Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Averaging Reference Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Underlying Asset" means an Index or a Share (and collectively the "Underlying Assets"). 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Time" in respect of an Underlying Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given to it in the Share Linked Conditions; or 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given to it in the Index Linked Conditions.

--- Page 503 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
504 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or 
otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as described in the above 
paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above 
paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes 
a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then 
following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the 
Securities to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such 
legend shall no longer apply.]  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (INSTRUMENTS) 
[Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, the identification numbers for each Series 
should be included in the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH 
SERIES" below, and should not be included here.] 
[ISIN: [] 
Common Code: [] 
[Valoren: []] 
[WKN: []]

--- Page 504 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
505 
[insert other security identification number] 
Final Terms dated [] 
[insert in the case of an increase of the issue size of a Series of Instruments or Securities: (relating to 
[insert Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] (the "[First][●] Increase", which are consolidated with 
the outstanding [insert designation of the Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] ([WKN ●][●]) 
issued on [insert date of the first issue: ●] [insert additional issue, if applicable: ●] [under the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 September 2021] [under the Base Prospectus dated 30 September 2022] and 
constitute a single issue)]
Marex Financial 
(Incorporated with unlimited liability in England)
Programme for the issuance 
of Warrants, Notes and Certificates 
Issue of [[] Series of][Aggregate Number/Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Warrants/Certificates] in 
Tranche] [Title of Warrants/Certificates] [, due [Maturity Date]] 
(the "[Warrants/Certificates]" or the "Securities") 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Instrument Conditions [and] [, the 
Payout Conditions] [, the Coupon Payout Conditions] [, the Autocall Payout Conditions] [and the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions] set forth in the base prospectus dated 30 September 2022 
(expiring on 30 September 2023) (the "Base Prospectus") [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [], [] and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the purposes of Article 8 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. [Insert for straddle offers: Subject as provided below, full] [Full] information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.bourse.lu and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [These Final Terms are available for viewing 
at [www.bourse.lu] [Include where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [] [insert other website if the Final Terms will be published elsewhere].] 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which 
two sets of Final Terms will be published: The Offer Period for the [Warrants/Certificates] extends 
beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus which will expire on 30 September 2023 (the "Expiry 
Date"). On or prior to this date, a successor base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the "Successor 
Base Prospectus") and successor Final Terms for the [Warrants/Certificates] (the "Successor Final 
Terms") will be published. From and including the date on which the Successor Base Prospectus is 
approved by the CSSF, (i) the Successor Final Terms shall constitute Final Terms for the 
[Warrants/Certificates] for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and (ii) full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] shall only be available on the basis 
of the combination of the Successor Final Terms and the Successor Base Prospectus. The Successor Base 
Prospectus will be available for viewing at www.bourse.lu and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer. The Successor Final Terms will be published at [www.bourse.lu] [Include 
where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [] [insert 
other website if the Final Terms will be published elsewhere].] 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which 
a single set of Final Terms will be published: The Offer Period for the [Warrants/Certificates] 
extends beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus which will expire on 30 September 2023 (the 
"Expiry Date"). On or prior to this date, a successor base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the 
"Successor Base Prospectus") will be published. From and including the date on which the Successor

--- Page 505 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
506 
Base Prospectus is approved by the CSSF, (i) these Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the 
Successor Base Prospectus and (ii) full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] shall only be available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Successor Base Prospectus. The Successor Base Prospectus will be available for viewing at 
www.bourse.lu and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [Include where 
the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [and] [] [insert other 
website if the Final Terms will be published elsewhere].]  
[A summary of the [Warrants/Certificates] is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Specify whether each of the items below is applicable or not applicable. Italics denote guidance for 
completing final terms.] 
[Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities: 
(i) 
the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below 
should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different Series;  
(ii) 
the relevant line item for any such variable in the Conditions below should include the following 
language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in "Specific Provisions for 
each Series" below"; and 
(iii) 
all other provisions in the Conditions below shall be construed as applying separately to each 
Series of Securities.] 
[These Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, as specified in the table(s) set out in the 
section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below. Unless otherwise specified in 
these Final Terms or the Conditions, the provisions below and the Conditions shall be construed as 
applying separately to each Series of Securities.] [Insert if Final Terms cover two or more Series of 
Securities.] 
Tranche Number: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(If fungible with an existing Series, include 
the date on which the Instruments become 
fungible) 
Settlement Currency: 
[]. (specify defined term for the currency if 
required) 
[Aggregate 
number 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
/ 
Aggregate 
[Nominal] 
Amount 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] in the Series]: 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] []. (specify aggregate number or 
nominal amount) 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] []. (specify aggregate number or 
nominal amount) 
(iii) 
Trading in Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Non-standard 
Securities 
Format: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Nominal Amount: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]. (delete this 
subparagraph if "Non- standard Securities 
Format" is specified to be applicable)

--- Page 506 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
507 
Issue Price: 
[Up to] [[] per [Warrant/Certificate]] [[] 
per cent. of the Aggregate [Nominal] 
Amount]. 
[EUR Issue Price is: EUR []]  
Calculation Amount: 
[]. 
Issue Date: 
[]. 
Maturity Date: 
Scheduled Maturity Date is []. [Maturity 
Date 
− 
Share 
Linked 
Condition 
7  
(Definitions)/Maturity Date −Index Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)/Maturity Date 
−Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General 
Definitions)] / Maturity Date − Fund Linked 
Condition 8 (Definitions)] [Maturity Date – 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions)]  [is/are] applicable]. 
(i) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Relevant Determination Date (General 
Instrument Condition 2(a)): 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the] [Valuation 
Date/Last Averaging Date/Final Pricing 
Date/Pricing Date/Final Reference Date [[
] (specify other date)] [corresponding to the 
[Expiration Date/Exercise Date]] / [The 
Final Reference Date to fall latest in time] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Scheduled 
Determination 
Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
First 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Day(s) 
for 
the 
purposes of "First Maturity Date 
Specific Adjustment": 
[ ] Business Day[s] following the 
[Scheduled Determination Date] [Relevant 
Determination Date]. 
(v) 
Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Day(s) 
for 
the 
purposes of "Second Maturity 
Date Specific Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s] []]. 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention for the purposes of 
"Second Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day Convention/FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment].

--- Page 507 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
508 
(vi) 
Business Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day Convention/FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
(vii) 
American Style Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day Convention/FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
(viii) 
Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day Convention/FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
(ix) 
One-Delta 
Open-Ended 
Optional 
Redemption Payout: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Day(s): 
[ ] [Business Day[s] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s] []]. 
Underlying Asset(s): 
[The] [Share[s] (as defined under "Share 
Linked Instrument" below)] [and the] 
[Exchange Traded Fund[s] (as defined 
under "Share Linked Instrument" below)] 
[Inde[x/ices] (as defined under "Index 
Linked Instrument" below)] [[] (specify 
relevant futures contract), being the 
[futures/options] contract relating to the 
Index, with the expiration month of [] (the 
"Index-Linked Derivatives Contract")] 
[Commodit[y/ies] 
(as 
defined 
under 
"Commodity Linked Instrument" below)] 
[FX Rate[s] (as defined under "FX Linked 
Instrument" below)] [Fund (as defined 
under "Fund-Linked Instrument" below)] 
[and the] [Futures Contract[s] (as defined 
under 
"Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Instrument" 
below)] 
[the 
[Reference

--- Page 508 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
509 
3
Where an indicative amount, an indicative minimum amount or an indicative maximum amount, or any combination of the foregoing, is 
to be specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Specified Product Value pursuant to Payout Condition 4 (Indicative Amounts), include 
in the Final Terms as applicable language indicating the indicative nature of the relevant variable, e.g. "an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on or around [] based on market conditions and which is specified in a notice published by the Issuer on or around 
the Issue Date. As of the date of these Final Terms, the [] is indicatively set at [], but which may be a lesser or greater amount 
provided that it will not be less than []." 
Entity][Reference Entities] (as defined 
under 
"Credit 
Linked 
Instrument" 
below). The Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions are 
applicable.]  (further 
particulars 
specified 
below) 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
VALUATION PROVISIONS3
[Valuation / Pricing] Date(s): 
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. (Delete one or both of the sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph if not 
required) 
[If Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date 
Adjustment is specified to be applicable, 
insert:] 
The [] [Expected Scheduled Trading Day / 
Expected Common Scheduled Trading 
Day] preceding the Adjusted Scheduled 
Maturity Date.] 
[The Valuation Date is expected to be [] as 
of the date of these Final Terms.] 
[As specified for Open-ended Instruments 
in 
the 
applicable 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions] 
[− 
Final Reference Date: 
[The 
[Valuation 
Date]/[Pricing 
Date] 
[scheduled to fall on [ ]]] [immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date] [As specified 
in the Conditions in respect of American 
Style Warrants]. 
[− 
Number of Relevant Days for the 
purposes of "Final Reference Date":] 
[ ] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days/Fund 
Calculation 
Days/days/ 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business Days] 
[Not Applicable]. 
[− 
Lookback Observation Date: 
[Each Valuation Date] [The Valuation 
Dates scheduled to fall on [ ]] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Entry Level Observation Dates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[ ] [The First Entry Level Observation 
Date, and each of the [ ] [Scheduled 
Trading Days for such Underlying Asset] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days for all

--- Page 509 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
510 
Underlying Assets] following the First 
Entry Level Observation Date]. 
− 
First Entry Level Observation Date: 
[ ], or if such day is not a [Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying Asset] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlying Assets], the first following 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
such 
Underlying Asset] [Common Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlying Assets]. 
(i) 
Entry Level: 
[Lowest / Highest] is Applicable. 
(ii) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Entry Level Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [] 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] [] [(and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded from] 
the Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Entry Level Observation Period 
End Date:  
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, []] 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] []] [(and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded from] 
the Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Specified Date: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
[Common 
Scheduled Trading Day] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Consequences 
of 
Non-Scheduled 
Trading 
Days, 
Non-Common 
Disrupted Days or Disrupted Days in 
respect of an Entry Level Observation 
Date: 
(a) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] 
[[ ] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 510 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
511 
(b) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.4: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] 
[[ ] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.6: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] 
[[ ] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.8: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] 
[[ ] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Initial Valuation / Pricing Date(s)]: 
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 511 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
512 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Averaging 
Dates/Pricing 
Dates]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
[Initial 
Averaging 
Date(s)/Initial 
Pricing Date(s)]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
[Last Averaging Date/Final Pricing 
Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
[Last Initial Averaging Date/Last 
Initial Pricing Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
[Final Set First Averaging Date/Final 
Set First Pricing Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business Days] for the purposes 
of ["Final Set of Averaging 
Dates"/"Final Set of Pricing 
Dates"]: 
[] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days]. 
(vi) 
Initial Average Price: 
[Initial Average Share Price] [Initial 
Average Closing Share Price] [Initial 
Average Share Reference Price] [Initial 
Average Index Level] [Initial Average 
Closing Index Level] [Initial Average Index 
Reference 
Price] 
[Initial 
Average 
Commodity 
Price] 
[Initial 
Average 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price] 
[The 
arithmetic means of the FX Rates on each of 
the Initial Averaging Date] [The arithmetic 
mean of the NAV on each of the Initial 
Averaging Dates] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Price] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Reference Price] [Not Applicable]. 
Asset Initial Price: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset,] 
[] [, being] [the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Average Price] [Initial Price] [Entry 
Level] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, the 
amount set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Asset Initial 
Price" [in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset]] [Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] [Final 
Reference Date / Last Averaging Date / 
Final Pricing Date] [Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] 
[Initial Reference Date / Last Initial

--- Page 512 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
513 
Averaging Date / Last Initial Pricing Date] 
[Not Applicable]. 
FX (Final) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Final 
FX Valuation Date] [ ] [FX Business 
Day(s) / Business Day(s) / calendar day(s) 
following [ ]] [ ] [(specify date)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted Final 
FX Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date] [Initial 
FX Valuation Date] [[] (specify number) 
[FX Business Day[s] / Business Day[s] / 
calendar days] following []] [[] (specify 
date)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted Initial 
FX Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
Final FX Valuation Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] [the 
Final Reference Date / the Last Averaging 
Date / the Final Pricing Date] for such 
Underlying Asset] [(specify date)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] 
[Initial Reference Date / the Last Initial 
Averaging Date / the Last Initial Pricing 
Date] [for such Underlying Asset] [] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Coupon Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Interest Basis: 
[[[ ] per cent.] Fixed Rate] [and] 
[[EURIBOR/[] (specify other)] [+/– [] 
per cent.] Floating Rate] [and] [and] 
[Conditional Coupon] [Not Applicable] 
[subject as provided in the Coupon Payout 
Conditions].

--- Page 513 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
514 
[(i)] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Issue 
Date] 
[[
] 
(Specify)] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
[(ii) 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date] [The [date on which the] 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on] 
[] [is scheduled to fall]] [[] (Specify)] 
[Not Applicable]. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions (General 
Instrument Condition 11): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notional Amount per Instrument: 
[] per Instrument. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/bi-
monthly/monthly/[ ]] in arrear] [Not 
Applicable] [Determined in accordance 
with General Instrument Condition 11(d) 
[and/or the Coupon Payout Conditions] and 
set forth in the Interest Rate Table below in 
the column entitled "Rate of Interest"]. 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] [] 
(specify date(s))[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall 
be 
["Adjusted"/"Unadjusted"].] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[] per Notional Amount per Instrument] 
[As set forth in the Interest Rate Table 
below in the column entitled "Fixed Coupon 
Amount"] [Not Applicable]. 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Fixed Coupon 
Amount)] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
-
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[].] 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Notional Amount per Instrument 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [] [and] [] (Insert particulars of 
any initial or broken interest amounts which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate)] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis].

--- Page 514 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
515 
(vii) 
Step 
Up 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions (General 
Instrument 
Condition 11(d)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Business Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business 
Day Convention / Floating Rate Convention 
/ No Adjustment]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Rate Table 
[Interest Period] 
[Rate of Interest] 
[Fixed Coupon Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in 
the period] commencing on (and 
including) the [Fixed Interest 
Commencement Date] [and ending on 
(but excluding) [the date on which] the 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
[[] per Calculation 
Amount  
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in 
the period] commencing on (and 
including) the [date on which the] 
[Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall on [] [is scheduled to fall]] [and 
ending on (but excluding) [the date on 
which] the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on [] [is scheduled to 
fall]] [repeat as required] 
[[] per cent. per annum 
[repeat as required]] 
[[] per Calculation 
Amount [repeat as 
required]] 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions 
(General Instrument Condition 12):  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[The [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] [] 
(specify date(s)). 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Business Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business 
Day Convention / Floating Rate Convention 
/ No Adjustment]. 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] [and] [Steepener Floating 
Rate Conditions]. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination (General 
Instrument Condition 12(c)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which 
the Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest

--- Page 515 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
516 
Periods commencing on (and including) [
]] [each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified to 
be applicable in the Interest Rate Table 
below in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Instrument Conditions" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Bloomberg Page/Reuters Screen] shall 
prevail. 
(b) 
Reference Rate Currency: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference Rate, as 
set out in the table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Rate Currency" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(c) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Any relevant day] [[] Rate Business Days 
prior to [any relevant day] [the [] day of 
the relevant Interest Period] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled "Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[Bloomberg Page: [ ]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: [ ]] [In respect of the Primary 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
the 
Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Relevant Screen 
Page(s)" in the row corresponding to the 
Primary Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Relevant Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference Rate, as 
set out in the table below in the column 
entitled "Relevant Maturity" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Relevant Time" in 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference 
Rate (as applicable)]. 
(g) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [TARGET] [US Govt SBD][In respect 
of the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled "Relevant

--- Page 516 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
517 
Financial Centre" in the row corresponding 
to the Primary Reference Rate or the 
Secondary Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Specified Time for the purposes 
of the definition of "Reference 
Rate" in General Instrument 
Condition 12(c)(ii): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Specified Time for 
the purposes of the definition of "Reference 
Rate" in General Instrument Condition 
12(c)(ii)" in the row corresponding to the 
Primary Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(i) 
Reference Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Rate 0% Floor" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)] 
(j) 
Multiple 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
[The 
Primary Reference Rate is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of 
which 
"Primary 
Reference 
Rate" 
is 
specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period below. The Secondary 
Reference Rate is applicable in respect of 
each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Secondary Reference Rate" is specified to 
be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in 
the column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period].] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Reference 
Rate 
Currency] 
[Interest 
Determinati
on Date(s)] 
[Relevant 
Screen 
Page(s)] 
[Relevant 
Maturity] 
[Relevant 
Time] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre] 
[Specified 
Time for the 
purposes of 
the 
definition of 
"Reference 
Rate" 
in 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 
12(c)(ii)] 
[Reference 
Rate 
0% 
Floor] 
Direct 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determinati
on Fallback:
Primary 
Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any 
relevant day] 
[[ ] Rate 
Business 
Days prior to 
[any relevant 
day] [the [] 
day of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg 
Page: [ ]] 
[and] 
[Reuters 
Screen: []]
[] 
[[ 
]/Not 
Applicable] 
[

] 
[TARGET] 
[US 
Govt 
SBD] 
[[ 
]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 517 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
518 
Secondary 
Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any 
relevant day] 
[[ ] Rate 
Business 
Days prior to 
[any relevant 
day] [the [] 
day of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg 
Page: [ ]] 
[and] 
[Reuters 
Screen: []]
[] 
[[ 
]/Not 
Applicable] 
[

] 
[TARGET] 
[US 
Govt 
SBD] 
[[ 
]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Instrument Condition 12(d):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless either of Compounded 
Daily SOFR (Shift) or Index Determination 
is applicable) 
-
Compunded Daily SOFR (Shift):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily 
SOFR (Lag) is applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business  
Day(s) (Specify for Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
-
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date] (N.B. This should not be more 
than the number of days specified as "p")
(vii) 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Instrument Condition 12(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily 
€STR (Shift) is applicable) 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily 
€STR (Lag) is applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] TARGET2 Settlement Days 
-
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[] TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date (N.B. this 
should not be more than the number of days 
specified as "p") 
(viii) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(General 
Instrument Condition 12(f)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of] 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which 
the Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest 
Periods commencing on (and including) [
]] [each Interest Period in respect of which 
"ISDA Determination" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table below 
in the column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]. (If

--- Page 518 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
519 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions][2021 Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in 
the table below in the column entitled 
"Floating Rate 
Option" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of 
day) preceding the Reset Date]. 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in 
the table below in the column entitled 
"Designated 
Maturity" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of 
an 
Interest 
Period] 
[The 
day 
[following/on which] an Interest Period is 
scheduled to end [] (specify)] [In respect of 
the Primary ISDA Rate and the Secondary 
ISDA Rate, as set out in the table below in 
the column entitled "Reset Date" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and 
the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/Averaging Method" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
Lookback/Observation Period 
Shift: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and 
the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled 
"Lookback/Observation Period Shift" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary ISDA 
Rate 
or 
Secondary 
ISDA 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)]. [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
ISDA Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary ISDA Rate and the Secondary 
ISDA Rate, as set out in the table below in 
the column entitled "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" 
in the row corresponding to the Primary

--- Page 519 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
520 
ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(h) 
Multiple ISDA Determination 
Rates: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
[The 
Primary ISDA Rate is applicable in respect 
of each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Primary ISDA Rate" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period. The 
Secondary ISDA Rate is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of 
which "Secondary ISDA Rate" is specified 
to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in 
the column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period.] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Floating Rate 
Option]
[Designated 
Maturity]
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/ 
Averaging 
Method]
[Lookback/ 
Observation 
Period Shift]
[Reset Date]
[ISDA 
Rate 
0% Floor]
Primary ISDA 
Rate
[]. 
["Non-
Standard ISDA 
Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag 
Specified Day" 
shall be the [
] 
[Business 
Day] 
[ ] 
(specify other 
type of day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.]
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[[

] 
Applicable 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with Lookback 
applies) 
[[

] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies)
[First/[]] day 
of an Interest 
Period / The 
Interest 
Payment Date 
following 
the 
last day of an 
Interest Period 
/ 
The 
day 
[following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest Period 
is scheduled to 
end / [ ] 
(specify)].
[Applicable/No
t Applicable].
Secondary 
ISDA Rate
[]. 
["Non-
Standard ISDA 
Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag 
Specified Day" 
shall be the [
] 
[Business 
Day] 
[ ] 
(specify other 
type of day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.]
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[[

] 
Applicable 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with Lookback 
applies) 
[[

] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies) 
[[First/[ ]] 
day 
of 
an 
Interest Period 
/ The Interest 
Payment Date 
following 
the 
last day of an 
Interest Period 
/ 
The 
day 
[following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest Period 
is scheduled to 
end / [ ] 
(specify)].
[Applicable/No
t Applicable].

--- Page 520 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
521 
[Not 
Applicable]
(ix) 
Steepener Floating Rate Conditions 
(General Instrument Condition 12(g)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which 
the Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest 
Periods commencing on (and including) [
]] [each Interest Period in respect of which 
the "Steepener Floating Rate Instrument 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the column 
entitled 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period.]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiple Steepener Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [Steepener 
Rate 1 is applicable in respect of each 
Interest Period in respect of which 
"Steepener Rate 1" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period. 
Steepener Rate 2 is applicable in respect of 
each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Steepener Rate 2" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(b) 
ISDA Rate 1: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of 
day) preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of 
an 
Interest 
Period] 
[The 
day 
[following/on which] an Interest Period is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 1 Cap" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest

--- Page 521 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
522 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 1 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
ISDA Rate 2: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of 
day) preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of 
an 
Interest 
Period] 
[The 
day 
[following/on which] an Interest Period is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 2 Cap" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 2 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
ISDA Rate 3: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of 
day) preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of 
an 
Interest 
Period] 
[The 
day 
[following/on which] an Interest Period is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA

--- Page 522 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
523 
Rate 3 Cap" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 3 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
ISDA Rate 4: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of 
day) preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of 
an 
Interest 
Period] 
[The 
day 
[following/on which] an Interest Period is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 4 Cap" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 4 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [+/−] [] 
per cent. per annum] [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the amount set forth in the 
Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Margin" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period]. 
(xi) 
Participation Rate: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, []] [In 
respect of an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Participation Rate" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" in the row

--- Page 523 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
524 
corresponding to such Interest Period] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [In respect of an Interest Period, as 
specified in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Day Count Fraction" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(xv) 
Specified Period: 
[] (Specify if Floating Rate Convention is 
the applicable Business Day Convention) 
[Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Capped 
Floored 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions (General 
Instrument Condition 12(i)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] each 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
"Capped Floored Floating Rate Instrument 
Conditions" are specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(xvii) 
Cut-off Date: 
[Applicable – [ ] Business Day[s] [Not 
Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Rate Table 
Interest 
Period(s
) 
[Minimu
m Rate 
of 
Interest]
[ISDA 
Rate 1 
Floor] 
[ISDA 
Rate 2 
Floor] 
[ISDA 
Rate 3 
Floor] 
[ISDA 
Rate 4 
Floor] 
[Maxim
um Rate 
of 
Interest]
[ISDA 
Rate 1 
Cap] 
[ISDA 
Rate 2 
Cap] 
[ISDA 
Rate 3 
Cap] 
[ISDA 
Rate 4 
Cap] 
[Particip
ation 
Rate] 
[Margin
] 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction
] 
[Applicable 
Floating Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions] 
[The/Eac
h] 
Interest 
Period 
[falling 
in the 
period] 
commen
cing on 
(and 
including
) the 
[Fixed/ 
Floating] 
[Interest 
Commen
cement 
Date] 
[the date 
on which 
the] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[is 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
[Insert 
amount] 
[+/−] 
[insert 
amount] 
[Actual/ 
Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/ 
Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/3
65] 
[Actual/3
65 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/3
60] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360
] 
[Eurobon
d Basis] 
[Screen Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] [is 
applicable] 
[Steepener Floating 
Rate Instrument 
Provisions] [Capped 
Floored Floating 
Rate Instrument 
Conditions] [are 
applicable] 
[Steepener Rate 
[1/2] [Primary/ 
Secondary] [ISDA 
Rate] [Reference 
Rate] [is applicable]

--- Page 524 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
525 
schedule
d to fall] 
[and 
ending 
on (but 
excludin
g) [the 
date on 
which] 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[is 
schedule
d to fall] 
[The/Eac
h] 
Interest 
Period 
[falling 
in the 
period] 
commen
cing on 
(and 
including
) the 
[Fixed/ 
Floating] 
[Interest 
Commen
cement 
Date] 
[the date 
on 
which] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[is 
schedule
d to fall] 
[and 
ending 
on (but 
excludin
g) [the 
date on 
which] 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[is 
schedule
d to fall] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[[] per 
cent. per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[insert 
amount] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[+/−] 
[insert 
amount] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[Actual/
Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/
Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/3
65] 
[Actual/3
65 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/3
60] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360
] 
[Eurobon
d Basis] 
[Screen Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] [is 
applicable] 
[Steepener Floating 
Rate Instrument 
Provisions] [Capped 
Floored Floating 
Rate Instrument 
Conditions] [are 
applicable] 
[Steepener Rate 
[1/2] [Primary/ 
Secondary] [ISDA 
Rate] [Reference 
Rate] [is applicable] 
(repeat as required)
Change of Interest Basis (General Instrument 
Condition 13): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Delete table or column if not required] 
[Interest Period(s)] 
[Interest Basis] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the [Fixed/Floating] 
Interest Commencement Date [and ending on (but 
excluding) [the date on which] the Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall on [] [is scheduled to fall] 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall on [ ] [and ending on (but 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate]

--- Page 525 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
526 
excluding) [the date on which] the Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall on [ ] [is scheduled to fall] 
(repeat as required) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
(Coupon 
Payout 
Condition 1.3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Deferred Conditional Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Memory Coupon (Deferred): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the 
definition of "Coupon Payment Event" in 
the Coupon Payout Conditions, [Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 
Level] [Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
less than [or equal to] Coupon Barrier Level 
1 and greater than [or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier Level 2] is applicable in respect of 
each Coupon Observation Date] [in respect 
of each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Payment Event applicable to such 
Coupon Observation Date is set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Payment Event" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date]. 
[Coupon Payment Event (Inverse) is 
applicable.] 
(iv) 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value: 
[Coupon Barrier Closing Price] [Coupon 
Barrier Basket Value] [Coupon Barrier 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Intraday Price] [Coupon Basket Value] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value applicable 
to such Coupon Observation Date is set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date]. (If Coupon Barrier 
Basket Value or Coupon Basket Value is not 
specified, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph (iv)) 
[Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse) 
is applicable [to all Coupon Observation 
Dates] 
[to 
the 
following 
Coupon 
Observation Dates: [specify].] [Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value (Inverse) is 
applicable in respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date as set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date.]

--- Page 526 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
527 
− 
Weight (i): 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [•] 
(specify amount) [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [] 
(specify amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation 
Date] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon Barrier Level 1: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [] 
(specify amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation 
Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Coupon Barrier Level 2: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [] 
(specify amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth in the Contingent Coupon Table for 
the Underlying Asset in the column 
"Coupon Barrier Level 2" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation 
Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Coupon Observation Date: 
[The [Valuation Date(s) / Pricing Date(s)] 
scheduled to fall on] [ ] (specify dates) 
[Each date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Observation Date"]. 
(vii) 
Coupon Barrier Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 527 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
528 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference Price deemed to be 
Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding 
to such Coupon Observation Date, [] [the 
Initial Reference Date] [for such Underlying 
Asset] [the Coupon Observation Date 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [or, if there is no 
immediately 
preceding 
Coupon 
Observation Date, the Initial Reference 
Date] [for such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Contingent Coupon Table 
below in the column entitled "Coupon 
Observation Period Start Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date] (and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded from] such Coupon Observation 
Period)]. 
(d) 
Coupon Observation Period End 
Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding 
to such Coupon Observation Date, [] [such 
Coupon Observation Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Contingent Coupon Table below in the 
column entitled "Coupon Observation 
Period End Date" in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Observation Date] (and 
such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] such Coupon Observation Period)]. 
(viii) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Coupon Value: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amountor percentage) [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the 
amount set forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date] [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, either the Multi-
Coupon Value 1 or Multi-Coupon Value 2 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date as determined in accordance with the 
Conditions] [Coupon Value Multiplier 
Method is [not] applicable.]. (If Coupon 
Value Multiplier Method is not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph).

--- Page 528 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
529 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Coupon 
Amount) determined on the basis of the 
Coupon Value.] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
- Currency Conversion Valuation Date: 
[]. 
- Coupon Value Multiplicand: 
[].]
(x) 
Coupon Payment Date: 
[] (specify date) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Payment Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date] [Maturity Date] [Not Applicable]. 
[The Coupon Payment Date shall be: 
(i) 
the 
Autocall 
Payment 
Date 
following 
the 
first 
Autocall 
Observation Date (if any) on which 
an Autocall Event occurs; or 
(ii) 
if no Autocall Event occurs on any 
Autocall Observation Date, the 
Maturity Date]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
First Coupon Payment Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment 
Date other than the Maturity Date] [each 
Coupon Payment Date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in respect of 
which the column "Adjusted as a Coupon 
Payment Date" is specified to be applicable] 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified Number of Business 
Day(s) for the purposes of "First 
Coupon Payment Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] Business Day[s] following the 
[Scheduled Coupon Observation Date] 
[Relevant Coupon Payment Determination 
Date]. 
− 
Relevant 
Coupon 
Payment 
Determination Date: 
The [Latest Reference Date in respect of] 
the 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to/immediately preceding] 
such Coupon Payment Date] [] (specify 
other date) [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Second Coupon Payment Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment 
Date other than the Maturity Date] [each 
Coupon Payment Date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in respect of 
which the column "Adjusted as a Coupon 
Payment Date" is specified to be applicable]

--- Page 529 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
530 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified Number of Business 
Day(s) for the purposes of 
"Second Coupon Payment Date 
Specific Adjustment": 
[] Business Days. 
− 
Relevant 
Coupon 
Payment 
Determination Date: 
The [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to/immediately preceding] 
such Coupon Payment Date] [] (specify 
other date)] [Not Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
(xi) 
Multi-Coupon Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multi-Coupon 
Value 
Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [] 
(specify amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled 
"Multi-Coupon 
Value 
Barrier 
Level" in the row corresponding to the 
Coupon Observation Date]. 
(b) 
Multi-Coupon Value 1: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amount) [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 1" in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date].  
(c) 
Multi-Coupon Value 2: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amount) [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 2" in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(xii) 
Simultaneous Coupon Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate Coupon Amounts] [Highest 
Coupon 
Amount] 
[Lowest 
Coupon 
Amount] [Average Coupon Amount] is 
applicable]. 
Contingent Coupon Table

--- Page 530 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
531 
(repeat 
as 
required)  
AUTOCALL PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Automatic Early Exercise (General 
Instrument Condition 15):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Applicable Date(s): 
[] [Each Autocall Observation Date] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Date(s): 
[] [Each date set forth in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled "Automatic Early 
Exercise Date"] [[ ] Business Day[s] 
following the Applicable Date]. 
(a) 
First Automatic Early 
Exercise Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes 
of "First Automatic Early 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Clearing System 
Business Day[s] / calendar day[s] following 
the [Scheduled Applicable Date] [Relevant 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Event] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value] 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Period End 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level [1] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level [2] 
[Coupon 
Value] 
[Multi-
Coupon 
Value 1] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier
] 
[Multi-
Coupon 
Value 2] 
[Multi-
Coupon 
Value 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Adjusted 
as a 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[The 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on [] 
(Specify 
applicable 
date) (repeat 
as required) 
(Specify 
applicable 
date) [The 
Maturity 
Date] 
(repeat as 
required)
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value 
[greater 
than] [less 
than] [or 
equal to] 
the Coupon 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value less 
than [or 
equal to] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Level 1 
and greater 
than [or 
equal to] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Level 2] is 
applicable. 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Event 
(Inverse) is 
applicable.] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Closing 
Price] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Basket 
Value] 
[Coupon 
Barrier Asset 
Performance] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Intraday 
Price] is 
applicable. 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value 
(Inverse) is 
applicable] 
The 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
The 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[In respect 
of [],] 
[Specify 
amount] 
[or] [[] 
per cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(repeat as 
required)
[In respect 
of [],] 
[Specify 
amount] 
[or] [[] 
per cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[In respect 
of [],] 
[Specify 
amount] 
[or] [[] 
per cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required)
[In 
respect of 
[],] 
[Specify 
amount] 
[or] [[] 
per cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(repeat as 
required)
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[Delete table or columns if not required]

--- Page 531 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
532 
Exercise Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
Automatic Early Exercise Determination 
Date]. 
− 
Relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] Applicable Date corresponding to such 
Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date] 
[The Applicable Date corresponding to such 
Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date] 
[The Applicable Date falling latest in time 
corresponding to such Scheduled Automatic 
Early Exercise Date] [ ]. (specify other 
date) 
(b) 
Second Automatic Early 
Exercise Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes 
of "Second Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Date 
Specific Adjustment": 
[In respect of each Applicable Date 
corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic 
Early Exercise Date,] [] [Business Day[s] 
[Clearing System Business Day[s] [calendar 
day[s] [ ]] [as specified in the Autocall 
Table in the column entitled "Automatic 
Early Exercise Specified Day(s)" in the row 
corresponding to such Applicable Date]. 
− 
Relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Determination Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] [Last Autocall Averaging Date / Final 
Autocall Pricing Date] [Applicable Date 
corresponding to such Scheduled Automatic 
Early Exercise Date] [The Applicable Date 
falling latest in time corresponding to such 
Scheduled Automatic Early Exercise Date] 
[] (specify other date) 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise Amount(s): 
[] [In respect of each Applicable Date, the 
Autocall Event Amount corresponding to 
such Applicable Date]. 
Autocall Payout Conditions:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall Event: 
Applicable, [for the purposes of the 
definition of "Autocall Event" in the 
Autocall Payout Conditions, [Best-of] 
[Worst-of] [Autocall Reference Value] [less 
than] [greater than] [or equal to] [[the] [its] 
Autocall 
Level] 
[Targeted 
Accrual 
Autocall] is applicable in respect of each 
Autocall Observation Date] [in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall 
Event 
applicable 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date is set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Event" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date]. 
[Autocall Event (Inverse) is applicable [to 
all Autocall Observation Dates] [to the 
following Autocall Observation Dates:

--- Page 532 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
533 
[specify].] [Autocall Event (Inverse) is 
applicable in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date as set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Event" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date.] 
− 
No 
Coupon 
Amount 
payable 
following 
Autocall Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Daily Autocall Event 
Amount: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
(b) 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Reference 
Value: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Autocall Basket Value] [Autocall 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Autocall 
Basket 
Dispersion Value] [In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the Autocall Reference 
Value 
applicable 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date is set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Reference 
Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date]. (If Autocall 
Basket Value or Autocall Basket Dispersion 
Value are not specified or the definition of 
Autocall Reference Value does not require 
the determination of the Autocall Asset 
Performance, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
[Autocall Reference Value (Inverse) is 
applicable [to all Autocall Observation 
Dates] 
[to 
the 
following 
Autocall 
Observation Dates: [specify].] [Autocall 
Reference Value (Inverse) is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
as set forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column "Autocall Reference Value" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date.] 
(a) 
Autocall Asset Price: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Weight[ing]: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 533 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
534 
(d) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Autocall Level: 
[In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date and [the/each] Underlying Asset,] 
[(specify Underlying Asset)] [ ] (specify 
amount)[, being] [[] of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [(repeat 
for each Underlying Asset as required)] [In 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date 
[and an Underlying Asset], the [value] 
[percentage of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Level" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 

Autocall Level Comparative 
Method: 
[Applicable in respect of [[each/the] 
Autocall Observation Date[s] [falling on the 
Valuation Date[s] scheduled to fall on []]] 
[Autocall Level Comparative Method is 
applicable in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date as set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Level 
Comparative 
Method" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Autocall Level Comparative Method" is 
Not Applicable)

Autocall Asset Comparative 
Price Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on [
]. 

Autocall Level Floor: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date[s] 
[falling 
on 
the 
Valuation Date[s] scheduled to fall on []]] 
[] [In respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date and each Underlying Asset, the 
[amount] [percentage] set forth in the 
Autocall Table in the column "Autocall 
Level" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date]. 
(v) 
Autocall Observation 
Date: 
[The [Valuation Date] [Pricing Date] 
[Averaging Date] scheduled to fall on [] 
(specify applicable dates) [Each date set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
entitled 
"Autocall 
Observation 
Date"]/[Each Observation Date (closing 
valuation) 
falling 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Observation Period].

--- Page 534 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
535 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days] for the purposes of 
["Set 
of 
Autocall 
Averaging 
Dates"/"Set 
of 
Autocall 
Pricing 
Dates"]: 
[] [Scheduled Trading Days / Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days]. 
(vi) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled 
"Autocall Observation Period Start Date" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset. 
(c) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled " 
Autocall Observation Period End Date" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset. 
(vii) 
Autocall 
Event 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date, [[] (specify amount) [the amount set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Event Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]] / [the Daily Autocall Event Amount] 
[the Autocall Floored Weighted Basket 
Event Amount corresponding to such 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date] 
[Autocall 
Multiplier Method is applicable]. (if the 
Autocall Event Amount is not the Autocall 
Floored Weighted Basket Event Amount and 
Autocall 
Multiplier 
Method 
is 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Autocall 
Event Amount)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation Date:
[].]

--- Page 535 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
536 
(a) 
Autocall 
Protection 
Level: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Autocall Event Floor 
Amount: 
[] [In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date, the amount set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Event Floor 
Amount" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Autocall 
Event 
Base 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Autocall 
Value 
Multiplicand: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Simultaneous Autocall 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate Autocall Event Amounts] 
[Highest Autocall Event Amount] [Lowest 
Autocall Event Amount] [Average Autocall 
Event Amount] is applicable] 
(ix)  
Autocall Observation Period 
(Per AOD): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference Date/ Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start Date (Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, [.] [the Initial Reference Date] [for 
such Underlying Asset] [the Autocall 
Observation Date immediately preceding 
such Autocall Observation Date] [or, if 
there is no immediately preceding Autocall 
Observation Date, the Initial Reference 
Date] [for such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Autocall Table below in the 
column entitled "Autocall Observation 
Period Start Date (Per AOD)" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] (and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded from] such Autocall Observation 
Period (Per AOD))]. 
(c) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period End Date (Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation

--- Page 536 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
537 
Date, [.] [such Autocall Observation Date] 
[for such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Autocall Table below in the 
column entitled "Autocall Observation 
Period End Date (Per AOD)" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] (and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded from] such Autocall Observation 
Period (Per AOD))]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
AUTOCALL TABLE 
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT AND PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Settlement:
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement 
and/or 
Physical 
Settlement][Credit 
Linked 
Redemption 
as 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities Conditions and paragraph 57] is 
applicable.   
Single Limb Payout (Payout Condition 1.1): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Participation 
Security 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(i)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[] 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Autocall 
Observatio
n Date] 
[Underlyin
g Asset] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date] [(Per 
AOD)]] 
[Autocall 
Level 
Comparativ
e Method] 
[Autocall 
Observatio
n Period 
End Date] 
[(Per 
AOD)]] 
[Autocall 
Level 
Floor] 
[Specified 
Number of] 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Schedule
d Commodity 
Business Days] 
[Automati
c Early 
Exercise 
Date] 
[Automati
c Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s)] 
[Autocall 
Event] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value] 
[Auto
call 
Level] 
[Autocall 
Event 
Amount]
[The 
[Valuation 
Date / 
Pricing 
Date] / 
[Averaging 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
[Specify 
applicable 
date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat 
as 
necessary) 
The [Initial 
Reference 
Date] 
[Valuation 
Date/ Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Applicable] 
/ [Not 
Applicable] 
The 
[Valuation 
on Date/ 
Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Specify 
amount] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] [Scheduled 
Trading Days] 
[Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business Days] 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Best-of] 
[Worst-of] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value] 
[less than] 
[greater 
than] [or 
equal to] 
[[the] [its] 
Autocall 
Level] 
[Targeted 
Accrual 
Autocall] 
is 
applicable 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Autocall 
Event 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable
] 
[Autocall 
Closing 
Price] 
[Autocall 
Average 
Price] 
[Autocall 
Basket 
Value] 
[Autocall 
Asset 
Performance
] is 
applicable 
(repeat as 
required)  
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value 
(Inverse) is 
applicable] 
[] 
[Speci
fy 
amou
nt] 
[Specify 
amount] 
(repeat as 
required)

--- Page 537 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
538 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column "Reference Price 
(Initial)" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Participation FX Security (Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(ii)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)].

--- Page 538 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
539 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] / []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Delta-One Security 1.1(a)(iii)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference

--- Page 539 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
540 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Delta-One Security (Performance) 
(Payout Condition 1.1(a)(iv)):
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 540 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
541 
(v) 
Redemption 
Percentage 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(v)):
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
Redemption Percentage: 
[] / [Not Applicable].] 
Multiple Limb Payout (Payout Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger Event (Payout Condition 
1.2(a)(i)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Payout 1:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Percentage: 
[]. 
(b) 
Trigger Payout 2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Floored Weighted Basket Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Event Floor Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Protection Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Payout 3: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
− 
Base Amount: 
[].

--- Page 541 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
542 
(d) 
Trigger Payout 4: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
− 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
Participation: 
[]. 
− 
Strike: 
[]. 
− 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Trigger Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Trigger Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 542 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
543 
(ii) 
Payout 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(A):
Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption Percentage: 
[] [Insert amount]. 
(iii) 
Payout 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(B):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Payout 
3 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(C):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[].

--- Page 543 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
544 
(b) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Reference Price (Call): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price]. 
(f) 
Reference Price (Put): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price]. 
(g) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(i) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Payout 
4 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(D):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 544 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
545 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Payout 
5 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(E):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row

--- Page 545 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
546 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Payout 
6 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(F):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(b) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in

--- Page 546 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
547 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Payout 
7 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(G):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[].

--- Page 547 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
548 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Payout 
8 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(H):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[].

--- Page 548 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
549 
(c) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] /[Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Payout 
9 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(I):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[]. 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(f) 
Participation: 
[].

--- Page 549 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
550 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Payout 
10 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(J):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[]. 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(f) 
Participation: 
[].

--- Page 550 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
551 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(i) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(j) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Payout 
11 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(K):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 551 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
552 
(xiii) 
Payout 
12 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(L):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Payout 
13 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(M): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)].

--- Page 552 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
553 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Downside Cash Settlement (Payout 
Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, for the 
purpose of Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A), 
[Single Asset] [Worst of Basket] [Best of 
Basket] 
[Minimum 
Percentage] 
[Weighted Basket] [Buffered Downside] 
[Basket Buffered Downside] [and Final 
Asset FX] [and Booster] [and FXR] [and 
Downside Put] is applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[[]] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] / [Final Average 
Price] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 553 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
554 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Initial 
Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Downside Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Downside Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Asset FX: 
[Non-Inverse Return] / [Inverse Return] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Buffer Level: 
[] (insert amount)[, being [] per cent. 
[of the Asset Initial Price] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(i) 
Reference Price (Final): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A) [Final Closing Price] [Final 
Average Price] [Lookback Price] / [Not 
Applicable]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
(j) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A) [[] per cent. of the] [Initial 
Closing Price] [Initial Price] [Initial 
Average Price] [Entry Level] [(specify 
amount)] [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(k) 
Perf: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Underlying Performance] 
[Basket Performance] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference

--- Page 554 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
555 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[specify amount] / [In respect of [ ], 
[specify amount] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset,] as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(l) 
Strike: 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A),  [] / [Not Applicable]. 
(m) 
Participation: 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A),  , [] / [Not Applicable]. 
(n) 
FXR: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), 
[Non 
Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(o) 
Reference Value (Final Value): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(p) 
Reference Value (Initial Value): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [ ] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Value (Initial Value)" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(q) 
Basket Strike: 
[]. 
(xvi) 
Downside Physical Settlement (Payout 
Condition 1.2(c)(ii)):
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, for the 
purpose of Payout Condition Payout 
Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A), [Single Asset] 
[Worst of Basket] is applicable]. 
Warrants Payout (Payout Condition 1.3):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Ratio Call (Payout Condition 1.3(a)(i): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Ratio: 
[]. 
(b) 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[].

--- Page 555 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
556 
(ii) 
Ratio Put (Payout Condition 1.3(a)(i):  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Ratio: 
[]. 
(b) 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Nominal 
Call 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.3(a)(iii)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 556 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
557 
(b) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Nominal 
Put 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.3(a)(iv):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] [Maximum Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] 
[Lookback 
Price]. 
[For 
the 
purposes of the definition of Lookback 
Price, [highest] [lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Price (Initial)" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [] (specify amount)] [In respect of 
[], [] (specify amount)] [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] [].

--- Page 557 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
558 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
Mini Futures Payout (Payout Condition 1.4) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Strike Adjustment
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Stop Loss Level Adjustment 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Strike
[]. 
Dividend Percentage 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Financing Rate 
[] 
Strike Adjustment Date 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Strike Adjustment Time 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Reference Price
[]. 
(v) 
Stop Loss Event 
[Stop Loss Reference Value less than or 
equal to Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss 
Reference Value greater than or equal to 
the Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss Reference 
Value less than the Stop Loss Loss Level 
during the Observation Period][Stop Loss 
Reference Reference Value greater than 
the Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss Reference 
Value less than or equal to the Current 
Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss Reference 
Value greater than or equal to the Current 
Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss Reference 
Value than the Current Stop Loss 
Level][Stop Loss Reference Value greater 
than the Current Stop Loss Level][]. 
(vi) 
Stop Loss Reference Value 
[]. 
(vii) 
Stop Loss Level Adjustment Date 
[]. 
(viii) 
Stop Loss Observation Period 
[]. 
(ix) 
Stop Loss Observation Period Start Date 
[]. 
(x) 
Stop Loss Observation Period End Date
[]. 
Barrier Event Conditions (Payout Condition 
2):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, and if Trigger Lock-In Event 
Condition is also Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Barrier Event:
Applicable, for the purposes of the 
definition of "Barrier Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, Barrier Reference Value 
[greater than] [less than] [or equal] to the

--- Page 558 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
559 
Barrier Level [1] [or less than [or equal to] 
the Barrier Level 2] is applicable. 
(ii)
Barrier Reference Value:
[Barrier Closing Price] [Barrier Average 
Price] [Barrier Intraday Price] [Barrier 
Worst Closing Price] [Barrier Best 
Closing Price] [Barrier Basket Value] 
[Barrier Asset Performance] [Barrier 
Worst Asset Performance] [Barrier Best 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Barrier 
Basket 
Dispersion Value] is applicable. (If 
Barrier Basket Value, Barrier Asset 
Performance, 
Barrier 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance, 
Barrier 
Best 
Asset 
Performance 
or 
Barrier 
Basket 
Dispersion Value is not specified, delete 
the sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Barrier Asset Price: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Weight[ing] [i]: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
(specify amount)] / [In respect of [ ], 
[specify amount] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset,] as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column "Reference Price 
(Initial)" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Barrier Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [ ] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the [value] [percentage 
of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Level" in the row corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying 
Asset] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(a) 
Barrier Level 1: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [ ] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the [value] [percentage 
of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled

--- Page 559 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
560 
"Barrier 
Level 
1" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Barrier Level 2: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [ ] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the [value] [percentage 
of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier 
Level 
2" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed to be Observation Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed to be 
Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] 
[] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Barrier 
Observation Period). 
(d) 
Barrier Observation Period End 
Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] 
[] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Barrier 
Observation Period).

--- Page 560 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
561 
(v)
Lock-In Event Condition: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, and if Trigger Lock-In Event 
Condition is also Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Lock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of 
"Lock-In Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Lock-In Reference Value [greater than] 
[less than] [or equal to] the Lock-In Level 
is applicable. 
(b) 
Lock-In Reference Value: 
[Lock-In Closing Price] [Lock-In Basket 
Value] is applicable. 
(c) 
Lock-In Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [ ] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the [value] [percentage 
of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Lock-In Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(d) 
Lock-In Observation Dates: 
[The [Valuation / Pricing] Date[s] 
scheduled to fall on [insert dates] [Each 
Valuation Date other than the Final 
Reference Date]. 
(vi) 
Star Event: 
[Applicable. [Final Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset is greater than [or equal 
to] the Star Level.] [Final Closing Price of 
any Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket 
is greater than [or equal to] the Star 
Level.] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Star 
Event 
Best 
Asset 
Performance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Star Level: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying 
Asset,] [] (specify amount)[, being] [[] 
per cent. of the Asset Initial Price] [of such 
Underlying Asset].  
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[BARRIER AND TRIGGER TABLE] 
[Underlying Asset] 
[Barrier Level [1] 
[Barrier Level 2] 
[Trigger Level] 
[Trigger Level Floor]  
[Barrier/ Trigger] 
Observation 
Period Start Date] 
[Barrier/ Trigger] 
Observation 
Period End Date] 
[] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. of 
the Asset Initial 
Price] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[] [per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[] (specify date) 
[] (specify date)

--- Page 561 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
562 
Trigger 
Event 
Conditions (Payout 
Condition 3):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Trigger Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Trigger Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Trigger Level is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Trigger 
Reference 
Value: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price] [Trigger Intraday Price] [Trigger 
Worst Closing Price] [Trigger Best Closing 
Price] [Trigger Basket Value] [Trigger Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Best 
Asset 
Performance]. (If Trigger Basket Value, 
Trigger Asset Performance, Trigger Worst 
Asset Performance or Trigger Best Asset 
Performance is not specified, delete the sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Trigger Asset Price: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
(specify amount)] / [In respect of [ ], 
(specify amount)] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset,] as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Trigger Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] of the Asset Initial 
Price] / [In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset Initial 
Price of such Underlying Asset] set forth in 
the Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Trigger Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 

Trigger 
Level 
Comparative 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Trigger Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable)

Trigger 
Asset 
Comparative 
Price Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 

Trigger Level Floor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] 
[] [In respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
[amount] [percentage] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger 
Level 
Floor" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset].

--- Page 562 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
563 
(iv) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-
day valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed 
to be Asset Intraday 
Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Trigger Observation Period Start 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Trigger 
Observation Period). 
(d) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Trigger Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Trigger 
Observation Period). 
(e) 
Trigger Lock-In Event 
Condition: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].  
Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Converted Currency: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Calculation Currency: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Currency Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] []. (repeat as necessary) 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,]

--- Page 563 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
564 
[Official fixing rate] [official mid closing 
rate] [spot rate] [mid rate] [fixing rate]. 
(repeat as necessary) 
(v) 
Currency Price Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] []. 
(vi) 
Currency 
Valuation 
Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] []. 
(vii) 
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[ ] [Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] 
[Final FX Valuation Date] [(specify number) 
of [Currency Conversion Business Day[s] / 
Business 
Day[s] 
/ 
calendar 
day[s] 
immediately following [Adjusted Asset 
Final Reference Date / Adjusted Final FX 
Valuation Date/ [ ] [(specify number) of 
Currency Conversion Business Day(s) 
immediately preceding [the Maturity Date / 
[]]. 
− 
Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Non-Default 
Currency 
Conversion 
Business 
Day for euro: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Currency Conversion Derived 
Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Cross Currency: 
[]. 
Physical 
Settlement 
(General 
Instrument Condition 7(e)): 
[Applicable, General Instrument Condition 
7(e) shall apply] [Not Applicable]. 
[Single Asset] [Worst of Basket] is 
applicable. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Deliverable Assets: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6] [In 
respect of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] []. 
(repeat as necessary) 
(iii) 
Deliverable Assets Price: 
[In respect of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] [
] per cent. of the Initial Value]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(iv) 
Lot size: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 564 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
565 
(v) 
Fractional Cash Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Physical Settlement Disruption 
Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Initial 
Value" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(viii) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
Non-scheduled 
Early 
Repayment 
Amount:
[Par plus accrued] [Only specify par for 
Notes not linked to Underlying Asset(s)] 
[Fair Market Value] [Zero Coupon Note 
Conditions apply]. 
-
Adjusted for Issuer Expenses 
and Costs:
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
EXERCISE PROVISIONS
Exercise 
Style 
of 
[Warrants 
/ 
Certificates] 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 7): 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are American 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(a) is applicable]. 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are European 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(b) is applicable]. 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are Bermudan 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(c) is applicable]. 
[− 
Specified Exercise Time:
[ ]. (Insert if cut-off time for receipt of 
Exercise Notice is not 10.00 a.m. as specified 
in General Instrument Condition 8)] 
[− 
Local Exercise Place: 
[]. (Insert if appropriate)] 
[− 
Receipt of Exercise Notice by 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Instrument Condition 8(m)): 
Applicable. (Insert if appropriate)] 
Exercise Period:
(American Style Instruments only) [The 
period beginning on (and including) [] and 
ending on (and including) the Expiration 
Date] / (Bermudan Style Instruments only) 
[Each Specified Exercise Date and the 
Expiration Date] / (For European Style 
Instruments) [Not Applicable].

--- Page 565 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
566 
Specified Exercise Dates: 
(Bermudan Style Instruments only − specify 
date and fallback if not a Business Day) [The 
first Business Day in each month between 
the Issue Date and the Expiration Date / [] 
(specify date(s))]. 
(For 
American 
Style 
Instruments 
or 
European 
Style 
Instruments) 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
Expiration Date[s]: 
[The Latest Reference Date in respect of] 
[the Final Reference Date] [the Final Pricing 
Date] [the Last Averaging Date] [the 
Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [ ] 
(insert other date).] [Not Applicable - the 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Open-ended 
Instruments.] 
[If: 
(i) 
an Automatic Early Exercise Event 
does not occur on any Applicable 
Date, [the Latest Reference Date in 
respect of] [the Final Reference 
Date] [the Final Pricing Date] [the 
Last Averaging Date] [the Adjusted 
Final FX Valuation Date] [ ] 
(insert other date); or 
(ii) 
an Automatic Early Exercise Event 
occurs on any Applicable Date, [the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of] 
[such Applicable Date] [the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of] [the 
Final Reference Date] [the Final 
Pricing Date] [the Last Averaging 
Date] [the Adjusted Final FX 
Valuation Date] [] (insert other 
date).] 
− 
Expiration 
Date 
is 
Business Day Adjusted: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(General Instrument Condition 16):
[Applicable – General Instrument Condition 
16 shall apply] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[[] [or, [in each case,] if later, the] [The] [
] Business Day following [each] [the 
corresponding] 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)"]. 
(ii) 
Call Option Notice Date(s): 
[[ ]/Each date set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Call Option Notice Date(s)"]. 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[In respect of each Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [[] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 566 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
567 
[the amount set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column "Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) (Call)" in the row 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)]. [Accrued interest payable.] 
(iv) 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
One-Delta 
Open-Ended 
Optional Redemption Payout: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Number of Business 
Days: 
[] 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
 
[Optional Redemption Table] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[insert] 
[insert] [or, [if later, the] [The] 
[] Business Day following the 
Call Option Notice Date] 
[insert] 
Automatic 
Exercise 
(General 
Instrument Condition 7(h)/7(i) /8
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Automatic 
Exercise Instruments – General Instrument 
Condition 9(i)/9(j) /10(c)/10(d) /10(e) is 
applicable[, save that General Instrument 
Condition 9(i)(ii) is not applicable] (General 
Instrument Condition 9(i)(ii)) is applicable 
only for physically settled Instruments – if 
Instruments 
do 
not 
permit 
physical 
settlement then remove the square brackets) 
Minimum Exercise Number (General 
Instrument Condition 10(a)): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Permitted 
Multiple 
(General 
Instrument Condition 10(a)): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Strike Price: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
Closing Value: 
[[] (Specify amount)/Not Applicable]. 
SHARE LINKED INSTRUMENT / INDEX LINKED INSTRUMENT / COMMODITY 
LINKED INSTRUMENT / FX LINKED INSTRUMENT / FUND-LINKED INSTRUMENT / 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED INSTRUMENT / CREDIT LINKED INSTRUMENT / 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED INSTRUMENT
Type of [Warrants/Certificates]: 
The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
[Share 
Linked Instruments – the Share Linked 
Conditions are applicable / [and] Index 
Linked Instruments – the Index Linked 
Conditions are applicable / linked to the 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract 
(as

--- Page 567 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
568 
defined in paragraph 8 above) and are also 
Index Linked Instruments – the Index Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Commodity 
Linked Instruments – the Commodity 
Linked Conditions are applicable / FX 
Linked Instruments – the FX Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Fund Linked 
Instruments 
– 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Futures Contract 
Linked Instruments – the Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions are applicable / Credit 
Linked Instruments – the Credit Linked 
Linked Conditions are applicable] [The 
[Warrants/Certificates] are also Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Instruments – Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Conditions are applicable.] 
(Specify 
which 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions are applicable) 
[Delete table or columns if not required]
[UNDERLYING ASSET TABLE] 
Underlying Asset 
Bloomberg / 
Reuters 
[ISIN] 
(specify if 
Underlying 
Asset is a 
Share) 
[Exchange / 
Trading 
Facility/ FX 
Price 
Source] 
[Commodity] 
Index 
Sponsor] 
(specify if 
Underlying 
Asset is an 
Index) 
[Reference 
Price 
(Initial)] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Initial 
Value] 
[Weighting] 
[Variable 
Floor Level] 
[Lock-In 
Level] 
[The [ordinary shares] [
] of] [Name of Share(s) or 
Share Issuer] [The shares 
of the [Exchange Traded 
Fund(s)] [Index(ices) / 
Commodity(ies) /  FX 
Rate(s) / Futures 
Contracts ] [The shares or 
units of the [Name/Class 
of Fund] [([the /each an] 
"[] [Exchange Traded 
Fund/Share/Index/Fund")] 
(repeat as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[RELEVANT ANNEX – ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED INSTRUMENTS] 
[Reference Entity] 
[Transaction 
Type] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[Reference 
Obligation 
(ISIN)] 
[Standard Reference 
Obligation] 
[Reference Entity 
Weighting] 
[Index Sponsor] 
[] (repeat as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as required) 
Share Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single Share or Share 
Basket 
or 
Multi-Asset 
Basket: 
[Single Share /[, being a Share of an Exchange Traded Fund] 
/ Share Basket / [The/Each] Share comprising the Multi-
Asset Basket]. 
 
(ii) 
Name of Share(s): 
[As specified in the column entitled "Underlying Asset" in 
the Underlying Asset Table / The shares of the [Exchange 
Traded Fund / [The [ordinary shares] [ ] of] [Name of 
Share(s) or Share Issuer] / (Bloomberg: []; ISIN: []) (the 
"Share")].

--- Page 568 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
569 
(If the Share is the share of an Exchange Traded Fund, insert 
the following sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Exchange Traded 
Fund[s]:] 
[Name of Exchange Traded Fund(s)] (Bloomberg: []; ISIN: 
[]).] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[] / As specified in the column entitled "Exchange" in the 
Underlying Asset Table]. 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges]. 
 
(v) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange]. 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify time)]. 
 
(vii) 
Single 
Share 
and 
Reference 
Dates 
− 
Consequences 
of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] / [in respect 
of [insert relevant Reference Dates] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(viii) 
Single 
Share 
and 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates − Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging Reference Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − 
as specified in Share Linked Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ix) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Reference Dates − Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable as specified in Share Linked Condition 1.3 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Share Linked Condition 7 / Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual 
Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging Reference Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − 
as specified in Share Linked Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 569 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
570 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
 
(xi) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Reference Dates – Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] / [in respect 
of [insert relevant Reference Dates] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7/ Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xii) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual 
Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging Reference Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − 
as specified in Share Linked Condition 1.6 / Not Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7/ Other (specify) / 
Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xiii) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Reference Dates – Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] / [in respect 
of (insert relevant Reference Dates)] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition  1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / Other (specify 
number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xiv) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging Reference Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − 
as specified in Share Linked Condition 1.8 / Not Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 570 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
571 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7/ Other (specify) / 
Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xv) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of [Final Reference 
Date/Initial Reference Date/Final Pricing Date/specify 
date(s)], the Fallback Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / 
Default Fallback Valuation Date is applicable in respect of 
[Final Reference Date/Initial Reference Date/Final Pricing 
Date/(specify date(s))]. (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(xvi) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xvii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xviii) Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xix) 
Extraordinary Event − 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xx) 
Correction of Share Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xxi) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable in respect of: 
[the/each] Valuation Date/ Initial Valuation Date/ each 
Reference Date/ each Initial Reference Date/ each Averaging 
Reference Date /specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [the/each] Valuation Date/Initial Valuation 
Date/each Reference Date [(other than the Final Reference 
Date)] 
/[the/each] 
Initial 
Reference 
Date/[the/each] 
Averaging Reference Date /specify date(s)], [insert number] 
Business Days prior to [the Maturity Date / the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets 
may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price 
of [the/such] Underlying Asset] / [] (specify date(s))].] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xxii) 
Depositary 
Receipts Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Depositary 
Receipts: 
[]. 
(b) 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(a)]. 
(c) 
Underlying Share 
Issuer: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(a)].

--- Page 571 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
572 
(d) 
Exchange(s) 
in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(c)]. 
(e) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[] / As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(c)]. 
(f) 
Valuation Time in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(c)/Other 
(specify time and place)]. 
 
(xxi)
Closing 
Share 
Price 
(Italian Reference Price): 
[Applicable to [[each/the] Underlying Asset] [the following 
Underlying Assets: [specify the Underlying Assets to which 
this election is applicable]]] [Not Applicable to any 
Underlying Asset]. 
 
(xxii)
Reference Price subject to 
Dividend Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Adjusted 
Price 
Type: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Proportional / Additive / 
Proportional Minus Fixed Yield / Proportional Minus Fixed 
Point] / [as specified in the Dividend Table in the column 
entitled "Adjusted Price Type" in the row corresponding to 
such Share]. 
(b) 
Adjusted 
Share 
Price 
Applicable 
Date: 
[●][Each Valuation Date [other than [●]]][and] [[the/The] 
Final Reference Date] [and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date 
(closing valuation) during the Trigger Observation Period] 
[and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date (closing valuation) during 
the Barrier Observation Period] [and] [[e/E]ach [Initial] 
Averaging Date [other than [●]]] [specify] 
(c) 
Dividend 
Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [●] / [the date specified in the 
Dividend Table in the column entitled "Dividend Period 
Start Date" in the row corresponding to such Share]. 
− 
Dividend 
Period 
Start Date Price: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Closing Share Price of 
such Share in respect of the Dividend Period Start 
Date/[] / [as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column entitled "Dividend Period Start Date Price" in the 
row corresponding to such Share].
(d) 
Dividend 
Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●] (specify date)] / [the date 
specified in the Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Dividend Period End Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Share]. 
(e) 
Contractual 
Dividend: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●]]/ [the/Each] amount 
specified in the [Dividend Table/ Contractual Dividend 
Table] in the column entitled "Contractual Dividend" in the 
row corresponding to such Share]. 
(f) 
Contractual 
Ex-
Dividend Date(s): 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●]]/[the date(s) specified in 
the [Dividend Table/ Contractual Dividend Table] in the 
column entitled "Contractual Ex-Dividend Date(s)" in the 
row corresponding to such Share].

--- Page 572 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
573 
(g) 
Contractual 
Dividend Yield: 
[Not Applicable.] [In respect of [the/each] Share, [Standard 
/ Multiplicative]/ [as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column entitled "Contractual Dividend Yield" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
− 
CDY: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] [In respect of each Share, as specified 
in the Dividend Table in the column entitled "CDY" in the 
row corresponding to such Share]. 
(h) 
CDP: 
[Not Applicable/[]] [In respect of each Share, as specified 
in the Dividend Table in the column entitled "CDP" in the 
row corresponding to such Share]. 
(i) 
Divisor: 
[Not Applicable/360/365] [In respect of each Share, as 
specified in the Dividend Table in the column entitled " 
Divisor " in the row corresponding to such Share]. 
(j) 
Include 
Extraordinary 
Dividends: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
/ [as specified in the Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Include Extraordinary Dividends" in the row corresponding 
to such Share]. 
DIVIDEND TABLE 
Underly
ing 
Asset 
Adjuste
d Price 
Type: 
Dividen
d 
Period 
Start 
Date 
Dividen
d 
Period 
Start 
Date 
Price 
Dividen
d 
Period 
End 
Date 
[Contra
ctual 
Dividen
d 
[Contra
ctual 
Ex-
Dividen
d 
Date(s) 
[Share 
Curren
cy] 
[Contra
ctual 
Dividen
d Yield] 
[CDY] 
[CDP] 
[Divisor
] 
[Includ
e 
Extraor
dinary 
Dividen
ds] 
[[●] 
(repeat 
as 
necessar
y) 
[Proport
ional / 
Additive 
/ 
Proporti
onal 
Minus 
Fixed 
Yield / 
Proporti
onal 
Minus 
Fixed 
Point] 
[●] 
[Closing 
Share 
Price of 
such 
Share in 
respect 
of the 
Dividen
d Period 
Start 
Date/[●
]] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] 
(specify 
date(s))]
[●] 
[Standar
d / 
Multipli
cative] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] / 
[●] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] /[
] 
Not 
Applica
ble / 360 
/365 
[Applic
able/Not 
Applica
ble] 
[CONTRACTUAL DIVIDEND TABLE] 
[Underlying Asset: [[●]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[Contractual Ex-Dividend Date(s)] 
[Contractual Dividend] 
[[●] (specify date(s))] 
[[●]]". 
Index Linked Instruments:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Index or Index Basket or 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
[Single 
Index/Index 
Basket/[The/Each] 
Index comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Index(ices): 
[As specified in the column entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table/The [Name of Index] (Bloomberg: [
]; ISIN: []) (the "Index")]. 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index].

--- Page 573 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
574 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ] / As specified in Index Linked 
Condition 7 / Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges / Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[]. 
(viii) 
Index Currency: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)]. 
(xi) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract: 
[Specify]. 
(b) 
Derivatives Exchange: 
[Specify]. 
(c) 
Daily Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable/As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(d) 
Final Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(e) 
Index Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/(Specify multiplier)]. 
(f) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract 
Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(g) 
Special Quotation Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(xii) 
Single Index and Reference 
Dates 
− 
Consequences 
of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates] − as specified in Index 
Linked 
Condition 
1.1 
/ 
[where 
the 
Underlying Asset is an Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract] Applicable only if the 
Final Reference Price is the Final Index 
Level, in which case, as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 8 / 
[where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract] in respect of 
the Valuation Date, [eight] Scheduled 
Trading Days / Other (specify number of 
days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Single Index and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
− 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert

--- Page 574 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
575 
Consequences 
of 
Disrupted 
Days: 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.2 / 
Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Index Basket and Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Trading 
Day and Individual Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Individual Scheduled 
Trading Day and Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.4/ Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Index Basket and Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading 
Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
–
Basket 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert

--- Page 575 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
576 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.6 / 
Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Index Basket and Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading 
Day and Common Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify dates) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation–(Common 
Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.8 / 
Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified 
Postponement:[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of 
[Valuation Date/Initial Valuation Date/Final 
Reference 
Date/specify 
date(s)], 
the 
Fallback Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] 
/ Default Fallback Valuation Date is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial Valuation Date/Final Reference 
Date/specify date(s)]. 
(xxi) 
Index Modification: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution 
/ 
Related 
Exchange

--- Page 576 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
577 
Adjustment] /[Not Applicable] [- See Index 
Linked Condition 7]. 
(xxii) 
Index Cancellation: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution 
/ 
Related 
Exchange 
Adjustment] / [Not Applicable] [- See Index 
Linked Condition 7]. 
(xxiii) Index Disruption: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution 
/ 
Related 
Exchange 
Adjustment] / [Not Applicable] [- See Index 
Linked Condition 7]. 
(xxiv) 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution 
/ 
Related 
Exchange 
Adjustment] / [Not Applicable] [- See Index 
Linked Condition 7]. 
(xxv) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxvii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxviii) Correction of Index Level: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxix) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default 
Correction 
Cut-off 
Date 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[the/each] 
Valuation Date/ Initial Valuation Date/ each 
Reference Date/ each Initial Reference Date/ 
each Averaging Reference Date/specify 
date(s)].] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the/each] 
Valuation 
Date/Initial Valuation Date/ each Reference 
Date [(other than the Final Reference Date)]/ 
[the/each] Initial Reference Date/[the/each] 
Averaging Reference Date/specify date(s)], 
[insert number] Business Days prior to [the 
Maturity Date/ the next following date upon 
which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference 
to the price of [the/such] Underlying Asset] 
/ [] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as required) 
(where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract) [In respect of 
the Valuation Date, the second Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date / specify date(s)]. 
(xxx) 
Index Disclaimer: 
[Applicable to an Index / Not Applicable]. 
(xxxi) 
Reference 
Price 
subject 
to 
Decrement Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Adjusted Index Level 
Type: 
[Decrement in Point] / [Decrement in 
Percentage 1] / [Decrement in Percentage 2] 
/ [as set forth in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Adjusted Index Level

--- Page 577 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
578 
Type" in the row corresponding to such 
Index] 
(b)
Adjusted Index Level 
Applicable Date: 
[][Each Valuation Date [other than []]] 
[and] [[the/The] Final Reference Date] [and] 
[[e/E]ach 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation) during the Trigger Observation 
Period] [and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date 
(closing valuation) during the Barrier 
Observation Period] [and] [[e/E]ach [Initial] 
Averaging Date [other than []]] [specify] 
(c)
Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [the date 
specified in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date" in the row corresponding 
to such Index]. 

Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date Level: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [Closing 
Index Level of such Index in respect of the 
Decrement Index Level Period Start Date /[
]] / [as specified in the Decrement Table in 
the column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Index]. 
(d)
Decrement Index Level 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [the date 
specified in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date" in the row corresponding 
to such Index]. 
(e)
Decrement: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement" in the row 
corresponding to such Index.] 
(Note: Decrement to be expressed as index 
points if Decrement in Point is specified) 
(Note: Decrement to be expressed as a 
percentage if Decrement in Percentage 
1/Decrement in Percentage 2 is specified)
(f)
Day Count Divisor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Index, [360] / [365]] 
/ [as set forth in the Underlying Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Decrement" in the 
row corresponding to such Index.] 
[Decrement Table] 
Underlying Asset 
Adjusted Index 
Level Type 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date: 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date Level: 
Decrement Index 
Level Period End 
Date: 
Decrement 
Day Count Divisor 
[] (repeat as 
required)
[Decrement in 
Point] / [Decrement 
in Percentage 1] / 
[Decrement in 
Percentage 2] 
[] 
[Closing Index 
Level of such Index 
in respect of the 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date /[●]] 
[] 
[] 
(Note: Decrement 
to be expressed as 
index points if 
Decrement in Point 
is specified) 
(Note: Decrement 
to be expressed as a 
percentage if 
Decrement in 
Percentage 
[360] / [365]

--- Page 578 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
579 
1/Decrement in 
Percentage 2 is 
specified) 
Commodity 
Linked 
Instruments 
(Single Commodity or Commodity 
Basket):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single 
Commodity 
or 
Commodity Basket: 
[Single Commodity / Commodity Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Commodity (ies): 
[Name of Commodity(ies) (Bloomberg 
Code(s): []])]. 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price(s): 
[insert 
relevant 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price], as specified in Commodity Linked 
Condition 8 / Commodity Reference Price 
Framework Determination is applicable]. 
(iv) 
Trading Facility: 
[[ ] / As specified in the Commodity 
Reference Price]. 
(v) 
Unit: 
[Specify unit of measure of the Relevant 
Commodity]. 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[] / Adjusted Delivery Date]. 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[As specified in the Commodity Reference 
Price / high price / low price / average of 
high price and low price / closing price / 
opening price / bid price / asked price / 
average of bid price and asked price / official 
settlement price / official price / morning 
fixing / afternoon fixing / spot price]. 
(viii) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Price Materiality Percentage in 
respect 
of 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(x) 
Single Commodity and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Consequences 
of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial 
Pricing Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as 
specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
1.1 − the ordinal number in brackets 
specifies the order in which such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:[Not Applicable / Applicable 
– [first / second / third / fourth]. 
(b) 
Delayed Publication or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth].

--- Page 579 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
580 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Reference Dealers for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial 
Pricing Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as 
specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
1.2 − the ordinal number in brackets 
specifies the order in which such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. 
(b) 
Delayed Publication or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Reference Dealers for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 580 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
581 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial 
Pricing Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as 
specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
1.3 − the ordinal number in brackets 
specifies the order in which such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. 
(b) 
Delayed Publication or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Reference Dealers for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 581 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
582 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in Commodity Linked Condition 3]. 
(xiv) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default 
Correction 
Cut-off 
Date 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial Valuation Date/ Reference 
Date/Final Reference Date/Initial Reference 
Date/ Averaging Reference Date/specify 
date(s)].] 
[In respect of [Valuation Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date [(other 
the Final Reference Date)]/Final Reference 
Date/Initial Reference Date/ Averaging 
Reference Date/ specify date(s)], [insert 
number] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [ ] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as 
necessary) 
(xv) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Observation Hours: 
[Not Applicable / specify period]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Observation Hours Start 
Time: 
[]. (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset) 
− 
Observation Hours End 
Time: 
[]. (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset) 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
FX Linked Instruments:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single FX Rate or FX Rate 
Basket: 
[Single FX Rate / FX Rate Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of FX Rate(s): 
[Each Asset FX Rate / Currency Price / 
Derived Exchange Rate / EUR/USD FX 
Rate] 
[Base Currency is []].

--- Page 582 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
583 
[Reference Currency is []]. 
[FX Price Source is []]. 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Derived 
Exchange 
Rate", 
Derived 
Exchange Rate [1/2/3/4/5] is applicable]. 
(iii) 
Subject Currency: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[Official fixing rate / Official mid closing 
rate / Spot rate / Mid rate / Fixing rate]. 
(v) 
Fixing Day: 
[Publication Fixing Day / Transaction 
Fixing Day] on which no FX Disruption 
Event has occurred or is continuing. 
(vi)        Latest Reference Date 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Non-Default FX Business Day 
for euro: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] (specify time)]. 
(x) 
Adjusted Valuation Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing 
Day Adjustment/No Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for 
the 
purposes 
of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation 
Date": 
[[
] 
[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Adjusted Initial Valuation Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing 
Day Adjustment/No Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b)  
FX Specified Day(s) for 
the 
purposes 
of 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
Valuation Date": 
[[
] 
[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Single FX Rate and Reference 
Dates − Consequences of non-
Fixing Days: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 583 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
584 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Single FX Rate and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
− 
Consequences of non-Fixing 
Days: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)  
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b)  
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c)  
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other 
(specify 
number 
of 
days) 
/ 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Individual Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual 
Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)  
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c)  
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Common Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 584 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
585 
(xvii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Period Start 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(b)  
Observation Period End 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 / Other (specify date) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(d)  
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 4 / Other (specify rate) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Currency Pair: 
[Not Applicable / Reference Currency is [] 
and Base Currency is []]. 
(xviii) Fallback Reference Price (FX 
Linked Condition 2): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
[Alternate 
Price 
Source(s): 
[].] 
(xix) 
Hedging Disruption (FX Linked 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
(xx) 
Increased Cost of Hedging (FX 
Linked Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
 
[ASSET FX TABLE]4
[Underlying Asset] 
[Asset Currency] 
[Base Currency] 
[Asset FX 
(Initial)] 
[Asset FX Fixing 
Price Sponsor] 
[Asset FX Price 
Source] 
[Asset FX 
Valuation Time] 
[The [ordinary] 
shares of the [Name 
of Share(s) or Share 
Issuer] [The shares 
of the [Name of 
Share(s))/Exchange 
Traded Fund(s) 
/Index(ices)] [The 
shares or units of 
the [Name/Class of 
Fund] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as required) 
[insert relevant 
exchange rate] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
entity] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
price source(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
valuation time in 
the relevant place] 
(repeat as required) 
Fund-Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Fund or Fund 
Basket: 
[Single Fund / Fund Basket] 
4
Insert if "Participation Certificate" is applicable.

--- Page 585 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
586 
(ii) 
Name of Fund(s): 
[Name and Class of Fund (Bloomberg Code: 
[]; ISIN: [])]. 
(iii) 
Reference Fund: 
[Name of Reference Fund]. 
(iv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Maturity 
Settlement 
Period: 
[Five/[]] Business Days. 
(viii) 
Dealing 
Charge 
Threshold: 
[0.20/[]] per cent. ([0.20/[]]%). 
(ix) 
Holding Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(x) 
AUM Threshold: 
[75/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xi) 
NAV Threshold: 
[85/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xii) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
Futures Contract Linked Instruments 
(Single Futures Contract or Futures 
Contract Basket):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single 
Futures 
Contract 
or 
Futures Contract Basket:
[Single Futures Contract / Futures Contract 
Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Futures Contract (ies): 
[Name of Futures Contract(s) (Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])]. 
Futures 
Contract 
Reference 
Price(s): 
[]. 
(iii) 
Trading Facility: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Unit: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8 / Other (specify)]. 
(v) 
Specified Price: 
[]. 
(vi) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Disruption Event: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify). 
(viii) 
Single Futures Contract and 
Pricing Dates – Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.1 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted]

--- Page 586 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
587 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(ix) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.2 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 9/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(x) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted]

--- Page 587 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
588 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xi) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Day and 
Common Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.4 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xii) 
Corrections of Published Futures 
Contract Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 3 / Other 
(specify)]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xiii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. [If Not 
Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(xiv) 
Fallback Pricing Date 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
(xv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Provisions 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
- 
Rollover Date
[]  
- 
Relevant Month 
[]  
Credit Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities: (Specify all that 
apply) 
(a)
Single Reference 
Entity Credit Linked 
Securities:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(b)
Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable)

--- Page 588 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
589 
[N: [] 
Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c)
Basket Credit Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
(ii) 
Credit Linkage 
(a)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/] (Delete if Credit Linked Securities are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Securities: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked 
Securities are linked to an index of Reference 
Entities) 
(b)
Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate LPN/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American Corporate BL/Standard Australia 
[Financial] Corporate/Standard New Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] Corporate/Standard Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Full 
Faith 
and 
Credit/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal 
General 
Fund/Standard 
U.S.

--- Page 589 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
590 
Municipal Revenue/[]//As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
(c)
[Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount 
or 
weighting) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)] []/As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities 
Conditions/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex]  
(d)
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date 
of Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in 
Final Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)]:  
Primary Obligor:  
[] 
Guarantor:  
[] 
Maturity:  
[] 
Coupon:  
[] 
CUSIP/ISIN:  
[] 
Original Issue Amount:  [] 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(e)
Credit Linked Interest 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(f)
Credit-Linked 
Principal Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(iii)Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery]  
Principal Protection Level: [[ ]%/Not 
applicable] (May be deleted if principal 
protection is not applicable)

--- Page 590 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
591 
(a)
Settlement Method: 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not 
applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
[Terms 
relating 
to 
Fallback 
Physical 
Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
(b)
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 591 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
592 
(c)
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(d)
Settlement Currency: 
[As per the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions /[]] 
(iv) 
Miscellaneous 
Credit 
Terms 
(a)
Credit Event Backstop 
Date:   
[As per the Credit Securities Conditions/The 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date/Issue Date/[]] 
(b)
Credit 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
(c)
Trade Date: 
[] 
(d)
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/ As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
(e)
LPN 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(f)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type]] 
(g)
Accrual 
of 
Interest 
upon Credit Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period End Date/Event Determination Date] 
(h)
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable]

--- Page 592 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
593 
(i)
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Security 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption redemption basis: [Fair Market 
Value/ ]] 
(j)
Change in Standard 
Terms 
and 
Market 
Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(k)
Calculation 
and 
Settlement Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Linked 
Instruments: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
A basket composed of the Share[s] and the 
Ind[ex/ices] each as specified in the column 
entitled "Underlying Asset" in the Underlying 
Asset Table. 
(ii) 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
and 
Averaging Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets as 
specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
and 
Averaging Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets – 
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 593 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
594 
(c) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
and 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading 
Day but Individual Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets − 
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Scheduled Trading Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
and 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading 
Day and Common Disrupted 
Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets − 
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES] 
FX 
Disruption 
Event/Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event (General 
Instrument Condition 14): 
[FX Disruption Event is applicable to the 
Instruments − General Instrument Condition 
14 and FX Linked Condition 4 shall apply/ / 
Currency Conversion Disruption Event is 
applicable to the Instruments, General 
Instrument Condition 14 and FX Linked 
Condition 4 shall apply/Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/[[ ]] (specify other 
currency)]. 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Reference Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Currency Conversion Reference 
Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
USD/Affected 
Currency 
FX 
Rate: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4/Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Affected Currency: 
[Settlement 
Currency/Reference 
Currency/Converted Currency/[[]] (specify 
other currency)].

--- Page 594 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
595 
(b) 
FX Disruption Event 
Cut-off Date (General 
Instrument 
Condition 
2(a)): 
[Default FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(c) 
Adjusted 
Affected 
Payment Date (General 
Instrument 
Condition 
2(a)): 
[Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(d) 
Affected Payment Cut-
off 
Date 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 
2(a)): 
[Default Affected Payment Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(e) 
USD/Affected 
Currency 
FX 
Rate 
Fixing Price Sponsor 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
Rounding 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 27): 
(i) 
Non-Default 
Rounding 
−calculation 
values 
and 
percentages: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Decimal 
Place: 
[Fractional Entitlement / Bonus / Perf / 
Underlying Performance / Participation / 
Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price 
(Initial) / Floor / Cap / Strike / FXR / FX 
(Final) / FX (Initial) / Asset FX (Final) / Asset 
FX (Initial) specify other calculation value or 
percentage]: rounded to [insert number] 
decimal place[s]. 
(ii) 
Non-Default 
Rounding 
−amounts due and payable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[All amounts due and payable/Settlement 
Amount/Interest Amount/Automatic Early 
Exercise Amount / specify other amounts due 
and payable]: rounded [downwards/upwards] 
to next [higher/lower] [] (Specified Sub-Unit 
of relevant currency)]. 
(iii) 
Other 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Decimal 
Place: 
[Not Applicable / [Barrier Level / specify 
other amount]: rounded to [insert number] 
decimal place[s].

--- Page 595 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
596 
(b) 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[Not Applicable / [Barrier Level / specify 
other 
amount]: 
rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number] (Specified Sub-Unit of 
relevant currency)]. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[ ] (Specify such place(s) as may be 
relevant. Definition of Business Day in 
General Instrument Condition 2(a) includes 
Principal Financial Centre of Settlement 
Currency)/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[As 
specified 
in 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 2(a) / The Principal Financial 
Centre in relation to [insert relevant 
currency] is [insert relevant place(s)]. (If 
Non-Default Principal Financial Centre is 
Applicable, specify the place(s) to be 
specified as the principal financial centre for 
the relevant currency)] / Not Applicable. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default Principal Financial 
Centre: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Form of [Warrants/Certificates]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments] 
[Monte Titoli Registered Instruments] 
Minimum Trading Number (General 
Instrument Condition 5(c)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Permitted Trading Multiple (General 
Instrument Condition 5(c)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Instrument Condition 22): 
[Marex Financial/[] (specify other)]. 
Governing law: 
[English law] [Insert other governing law]. 
DISTRIBUTION 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of [Managers/placers] 
and underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable / give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]. 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best

--- Page 596 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
597 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers/placers.) 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / give name and address]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted]. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[An 
offer 
of 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] may be made by the 
[Managers/placers] 
[and] 
[specify, 
if 
applicable] other than [pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in [the] 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg / Italy] [and in 
Switzerland according to FinSA] (the "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction[s]") during the period 
commencing 
on 
([and 
including]/[but 
excluding]) [specify date] and ending on 
([and including]/[but excluding]) [specify 
date] (the "Offer Period"). See further 
paragraph entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Offer" below.  
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
Signed on behalf of Marex Financial: 
By:  ………………………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 597 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
598 
(Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, the table below should be completed for 
all variables which will differ across the different Series. The relevant line item for any such variable in 
the Conditions below should include the following language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in 
the table set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below".)  
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Instruments: 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code] 
[Valoren] 
[Aggregate 
[number] 
[Nominal 
Amount] of 
[Certificates] 
[Warrants] in 
the Series] 
[Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount] 
[Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date] 
[Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Final 
Reference 
Date] 
[Initial 
Valuation 
Date] 
[Issue Price] 
[Rate of Interest] 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [Coupon 
Payment Date] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount] 
[Coupon 
Value] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplican
d] 
[Coupon 
Barrier Level] 
[Red
empt
ion 
Perc
enta
ge] 
[Cap] 
[Floor] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
Series: [Up to] 
[] 
Tranche: [Up 
to] [] 
[] 
[] / [The [[
] [Expected 
Scheduled 
Trading Day / 
Expected 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] 
preceding the 
Adjusted 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date.] 
[The 
Valuation 
Date is 
expected to be 
[] as of the 
date of these 
Final Terms.] 
The 
[Valuation 
Date] [Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on [] 
[] 
 [] 
 [[] per cent. 
[per annum] 
payable [annually/ 
semi-
annually/quarterly/
bi-monthly/ 
monthly/[]] in 
arrear] 
[Each date set 
forth in the 
Contingent 
Coupon Table for 
this Series of 
Securities in the 
column entitled 
"Coupon 
Observation 
Date".] 
[The [] day of 
[month], [month] 
(repeat as required) in
each calendar year 
from, and including, [
] to, and including, 
[]][] (specify 
date(s))[, subject to 
adjustment in 
accordance with the 
Business Day 
Convention].  
[The Interest Period[s] 
shall be ["Adjusted"/ 
"Unadjusted"].] 
[In respect of a 
Coupon Observation 
Date, the date set forth
in the Contingent 
Coupon Table for this 
Series of Securities in 
the column entitled 
"Coupon Payment 
Date" in the row 
corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation 
Date.] 
[[] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[] [In 
respect of a 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, the 
amount set 
forth in the 
Contingent 
Coupon 
Table for 
this Series of 
Securities in 
the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Value" in 
the row 
correspondin
g to the 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date.] 
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
[In respect of a 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date and an 
Underlying 
Asset, the 
amount set forth 
for the 
Underlying 
Asset in the 
Contingent 
Coupon Table 
for this Series of 
Securities in the 
column entitled 
"Coupon Barrier 
Level" in the 
row 
corresponding to 
the Coupon 
Observation 
Date.] 
[] 
 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 598 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
599 
Contingent Coupon Table relating to ISIN [] 
[Coupon Observation Date] 
[Coupon Payment Date] 
[Coupon Barrier Level] 
[Coupon Value Multiplier] 
[Coupon Value] 
The 
Valuation 
Date 
scheduled to fall on [] [add 
additional rows for each 
Coupon Observation Date] 
[] [add additional rows for 
each 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[] [per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [add additional 
rows 
for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
(if 
required)] 
[] [add additional rows for 
each 
Coupon 
Value 
or 
Coupon Value Multiplier (if 
required)] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Index Linked Instruments: 
ISI
N 
[Comm
on 
Code] 
[Valore
n] 
[Aggregat
e 
[number] 
[Nominal 
Amount] 
of 
[Certificat
es] 
[Warrant
s] in the 
Series] 
[Aggregat
e Nominal 
Amount] 
[Schedul
ed 
Maturit
y Date] 
[Valuati
on 
Date(s)]
[Final 
Referen
ce 
Date] 
[Initial 
Valuati
on 
Date] 
[[Iss
ue 
Price
]  
Rate of 
Interest] 
[Coupon 
Observatio
n Date] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount] 
[Coupon 
Value] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplica
nd] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]  
[Redempt
ion 
Percentag
e] 
[Ca
p] 
[Floo
r] 
[Downsi
de Cap]
[Barri
er 
Level]
[Name of 
Index] 
[Type 
of 
Index]
[Exchange
(s)] 
[Index 
Spons
or] 
[
] 
[] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] [

]Tranche: 
[Up to] [
] 
[] 
[] 
The 
[Valuati
on 
Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
schedul
ed to 
fall on [
] 
[] 
[]  [[] per 
cent. [per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually/se
mi-
annually/ 
quarterly/ 
bi-monthly/ 
monthly/[
]] in 
arrear] 
[Each date 
set forth in 
the 
Contingent 
Coupon 
Table for 
this Series 
of 
Securities in
the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Observation 
Date".] 
[The [] 
day of 
[month], 
[month] 
(repeat as 
required) in 
each 
calendar 
year from, 
and 
including, [
] to, and 
including, [
]][] 
(specify 
date(s)) [, 
subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention
]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjusted"
/ 
"Unadjusted
"].] 
[In respect 
of a Coupon 
Observation 
Date, the 
date set 
forth in the 
Contingent 
Coupon 
Table for 
this Series 
of 
Securities in 
the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Date" in the 
row 
correspondi
ng to such 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date.] 
[[] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[] [In 
respect of a 
Coupon 
Observatio
n Date, the 
amount set 
forth in the 
Contingent 
Coupon 
Table for 
this Series 
of 
Securities 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Value" in 
the row 
correspond
ing to the 
Coupon 
Observatio
n Date.] 
[] [per 
cent. of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
[In respect 
of a 
Coupon 
Observatio
n Date and 
an 
Underlyin
g Asset, 
the amount 
set forth 
for the 
Underlyin
g Asset in 
the 
Contingent 
Coupon 
Table for 
this Series 
of 
Securities 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Barrier 
Level" in 
the row 
correspond
ing to the 
Coupon 
Observatio
n Date.]  
[] 
[] [] [] 
[] 
[per 
cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price]
[As 
specified 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlyi
ng Asset" 
in the 
Underlyi
ng Asset 
Table/Th
e [Name 
of Index] 
(Bloombe
rg: []; 
ISIN: [
]) (the 
"Index")]
. 
[Unitar
y Index 
/ Multi-
Exchan
ge 
Index].
[[] / As 
specified in 
Index 
Linked 
Condition 
7 / Not 
Applicable
]. 
[] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
Contingent Coupon Table relating to ISIN [] 
[Coupon Observation Date] 
[Coupon Payment Date] 
[Coupon Barrier Level] 
[Coupon Value Multiplier] 
[Coupon Value] 
The 
Valuation 
Date 
scheduled to fall on [] [add 
[] [add additional rows for 
each 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[] [per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [add additional 
rows 
for 
each 
Coupon 
[] [add additional rows for 
each 
Coupon 
Value 
or

--- Page 599 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
600 
additional rows for each 
Coupon Observation Date] 
Observation 
Date 
(if 
required)] 
Coupon Value Multiplier (if 
required)] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Instruments or Index Linked Instruments 
where Redemption at the option of the Issuer is applicable:
ISIN 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date(s)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if 
later, the] [The] [ ] 
Business Day following 
[each][the corresponding] 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date]/[As specified in the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Table relating to this Series 
in the column entitled 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
[[]/Each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption 
Table relating to this 
Series in the column 
entitled 
"Call 
Option 
Notice Date(s)"]. 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [[] per Calculation 
Amount] [the amount set 
forth 
in 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Table relating 
to this Series in the column 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)" in the 
row corresponding to such 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)]. [Accrued interest 
payable]. 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 600 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
601 
[Include table if required:
Optional Redemption Table relating to ISIN: [] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[] [[or, [if later, the] [The] [] 
Business Day following the Call 
Option Notice Date] 
[] 
(Repeat table for each Series as necessary) 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
Application [has been/will be] made by [the Issuer (or 
on 
its 
behalf) 
/ 
the 
placer] 
for 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [] (Specify 
other regulated markets or unregulated markets or 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading 
platforms) with effect from [at the earliest] [the Issue 
Date/specify other date]] / [Application is expected to 
be made by [the Issuer (or on its behalf) / placer] for 
the [Warrants/Certificates] to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [] (Specify 
other regulated markets or unregulated markets or 
multilateral facilities or other trading platforms) with 
effect from [at the earliest] [the Issue Date/specify 
other date]] / [The [Warrants/Certificates] will not be 
listed or admitted to trading on any exchange].]  
[No assurances can be given that such application for 
listing and admission to trading will be granted (or, if 
granted, will be granted by [the Issue Date/specify 
other date]).] 
[Application [has been/ will be] made by [the Issuer 
(or on its behalf)/ the placer] [for admission to trading 
of 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
on 
SeDeX, 
a 
multilateral trading facility organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [for admission to trading of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] on the EuroTLX market, 
a multilateral trading facility organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] The admission to trading of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] is expected to be by the 
Issue Date (For Credit Linked Securities specify 
SeDeX or EuroTLX markets only). [The effectiveness 
of the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is 
conditional upon such admission to trading occurring 
by the Issue Date. In the event that admission to 
trading of the Instruments does not take place by the 
Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer will 
withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null 
and void and the relevant Instrument will not be 
issued.]]

--- Page 601 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
602 
[[•] will act as Liquidity Provider with reference to 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
traded 
on 
the 
[SeDeX/EuroTLX].] 
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the 
[listing/trading] 
(if 
any) 
of 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] on the relevant [stock 
exchange(s) / indicate other multilateral trading 
facilities or other trading platforms] over their entire 
lifetime. 
The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
may 
be 
suspended from trading and/or de-listed at any time 
in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of 
the relevant [stock exchange(s) / indicate other 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading 
platforms.] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
2.
LIQUIDITY ENHANCEMENT 
AGREEMENTS 
[Insert name and address of the entities which have a 
firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid 
and offer rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment] / [Not Applicable]. 
3.
RATINGS 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Ratings: 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] to be issued have been 
rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]]. 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Warrants/Certificates of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
4.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[A selling commission of [up to] [] of the [Issue Price/other] has been paid to the 
[Managers/placer] in respect of this [issue/offer].]

--- Page 602 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
603 
[]5
5.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from providing 
additional funds for the Issuer's operations and for 
other general corporate purposes, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
Estimated total expenses of the 
issue/offer: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(Include breakdown of expenses) 
6.
PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET(S) 
(If the Instruments are linked to one or more Underlying Assets and in respect of which 
Annex 14 and 17 of the EU Prospectus Regulation applies, then must include details of 
where information on each Underlying Asset can be obtained including an indication of 
where information about the past and future performance and volatility of such Underlying 
Asset can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge.) 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Any Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ Monte Titoli/[] (specify other, give 
name(s), address(es) and number(s))]. 
Programme Agency Agreement 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Name and address of Principal 
Programme Agent 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Operational contact(s) for Principal 
Programme Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
5
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issue/offer is different from that set out in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of 
Securities".

--- Page 603 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
604 
8.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Offer Period: 
An offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] may be made 
by the [Managers/placers] [and] [the financial 
intermediary(ies) named below] other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the 
Public Offer Jurisdictions during the period 
commencing on ([and including]/[but excluding]) [
] and ending on ([and including]/[but excluding]) [
]. 
(Include any shorter offer periods to allow for the 
exercise of withdrawal rights by the relevant 
investors) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/[] (specify)]. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[The offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] for sale to 
the public in [the] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg / 
Italy] is subject to the relevant regulatory approvals 
having been granted, and the [Warrants/Certificates] 
being issued/Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[The 
[minimum 
/ 
maximum 
number 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] which can be subscribed by 
the relevant investors is []/Not Applicable/[] (give 
details)]. 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys/Not Applicable/[ ] (give 
details)]. 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[The results of the offering will be available on the 
website of [the Issuer/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)/specify other] on or 
around the end of the Offer Period/Not Applicable/[
] (give details)]. 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)].

--- Page 604 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
605 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser. Where 
required and to the extent they are 
known, include those expenses 
contained in the price: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None/[] (give details)]. 
Consent 
to 
use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
Identity 
of 
financial 
intermediary(ies) that are allowed 
to use the Base Prospectus: 
[insert name and address of any financial 
intermediary which has consent to use the Base 
Prospectus]. 
Offer 
period 
during 
which 
subsequent 
resale 
or 
final 
placement 
of 
Instruments 
by 
financial intermediaries can be 
made: 
[specify] 
Conditions attached to the consent: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus 
in connection with the making of an offer of the 
Securities to the public requiring the prior publication 
of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(a 
"Non-exempt 
Offer") 
by 
the 
financial 
intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror") in 
[the] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg / Italy]. 
(Insert 
any 
other 
clear 
and 
objective 
conditions attached to the consent to use the Base 
Prospectus) 
9.
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax 
(If the Instruments are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert either of the 
following paragraphs, depending on whether the Instruments are subject to Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. If the Instruments are not Share Linked 
Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert 'Not Applicable'.) 
[If the Instruments are subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). The Issuer has determined that, as of the 
issue date of the [Warrants/Certificates], the [Warrants/Certificates] will be subject to 
withholding under these rules. The tax will be imposed at the full withholding tax rate even if 
investors are otherwise eligible for a reduction in the rate under an applicable treaty. See "United 
States Tax Considerations – Dividend Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more 
comprehensive discussion of the application of Section 871(m) to the [Warrants/Certificates].] 
[If the Instruments are not subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are

--- Page 605 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
606 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). The Issuer has determined that, as of the 
issue date of the [Warrants/Certificates], the [Warrants/Certificates] will not be subject to 
withholding under these rules. In certain limited circumstances, however, it is possible for 
United States alien holders to be liable for tax under these rules with respect to a combination 
of transactions treated as having been entered into in connection with each other even when no 
withholding is required. United States alien holders should consult their tax advisor concerning 
these regulations, subsequent official guidance and regarding any other possible alternative 
characterisations of their [Warrants/Certificates] for United States federal income tax purposes. 
See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus 
for a more comprehensive discussion of the application of Section 871(m) to the 
[Warrants/Certificates].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
10.
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
[[Specify benchmark] is provided by [specify administrator legal name].] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited does not 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]  
[As at the date of these Final Terms, European Money Markets Institute appears in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] 
(Additional explanatory language where the statement is negative:) [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [administrator legal name], as administrator of [specify benchmark] (repeat as necessary) 
[is/are] not  required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] 
OR [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
11.
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[(Include if applicable, include Index disclaimer(s) as part of Annex 28 additional information) 
/ Not Applicable]. 
[Insert to include the following additional information in accordance with Annex 28 of the PR 
Regulation]

--- Page 606 ---
Form of Final Terms (Instruments) 
607 
[ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES] 
[Insert]

--- Page 607 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
608 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the PRIIPs Regulation in respect 
of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise 
making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as described in the above paragraph and 
in such legend shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case 
where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document 
under the PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the 
prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the 
United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.]
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NOTES) 
[Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, the identification numbers for each Series 
should be included in the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH 
SERIES" below, and should not be included here.] 
[ISIN: [] 
Common Code: [] 
[Valoren: []] 
[WKN: []] 
[insert other security identification number] 
Final Terms dated []

--- Page 608 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
609 
[insert in the case of an increase of the issue size of a Series of Instruments or Securities: (relating to 
[insert Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] (the "[First][●] Increase", which are consolidated with 
the outstanding [insert designation of the Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] ([WKN ●][●]) 
issued on [insert date of the first issue: ●] [insert additional issue, if applicable: ●] [under the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 September 2021] [under the Base Prospectus dated 30 September 2022] and 
constitute a single issue)]
Marex Financial 
(Incorporated with unlimited liability in England)
Programme for the issuance 
of Warrants, Notes and Certificates 
Issue of [[] Series of] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [, due [Maturity 
Date]] (the "Notes" or the "Securities") 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Note Conditions [and] [, the Coupon 
Payout Conditions] [, the Autocall Payout Conditions] [and the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions] 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 30 September 2022 (expiring on 30 September 2023) (the "Base 
Prospectus") [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [], [] and []] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [Insert for straddle offers: Subject as 
provided below, full] [Full] information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
www.bourse.lu and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [These Final 
Terms are available for viewing at [www.bourse.lu] [Include where the Securities are to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [] [insert other website if the Securities will not be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Final Terms will be published 
elsewhere].] 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which 
two sets of Final Terms will be published: The Offer Period for the Notes extends beyond the validity 
of the Base Prospectus which will expire on 30 September 2023 (the "Expiry Date"). On or prior to 
this date, a successor base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the "Successor Base Prospectus") 
and successor Final Terms for the Notes (the "Successor Final Terms") will be published. From and 
including the date on which the Successor Base Prospectus is approved by the CSSF, (i) the Successor 
Final Terms shall constitute Final Terms for the Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes shall only be available on the 
basis of the combination of the Successor Final Terms and the Successor Base Prospectus. The Successor 
Base Prospectus will be available for viewing at www.bourse.lu and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer. The Successor Final Terms will be published at [www.bourse.lu] [Include 
where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [] [insert 
other website if the Final Terms will be published elsewhere].] 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which 
a single set of Final Terms will be published: The Offer Period for the Notes extends beyond the 
validity of the Base Prospectus which will expire on 30 September 2023 (the "Expiry Date"). On or 
prior to this date, a successor base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the "Successor Base 
Prospectus") will be published. From and including the date on which the Successor Base Prospectus is 
approved by the CSSF, (i) these Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Successor Base 
Prospectus and (ii) full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes shall only be available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Successor Base Prospectus. The Successor Base 
Prospectus will be available for viewing at www.bourse.lu and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer. [Include where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [] [insert other website if the Securities will not be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Final Terms will be published elsewhere].]

--- Page 609 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
610 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Specify whether each of the items below is applicable or not applicable. Italics denote guidance for 
completing final terms.] 
[Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities: 
the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below 
should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different Series;  
the relevant line item for any such variable in the Conditions below should include the following 
language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in "Specific Provisions for each 
Series" below"; and 
all other provisions in the Conditions below shall be construed as applying separately to each Series of 
Securities.] 
[These Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, as specified in the table(s) set out in the 
section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below. Unless otherwise specified in 
these Final Terms or the Conditions, the provisions below and the Conditions shall be construed as 
applying separately to each Series of Securities.] [Insert if Final Terms cover two or more Series of 
Securities.] 
Tranche Number: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(If fungible with an existing Series, include the 
date on which the Notes become fungible) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]. (specify defined term for the currency if 
required) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(If Applicable, specify Currency and Nominal 
Amount) 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] []. (Specify Currency and Nominal 
Amount) 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] []. (Specify Currency and Nominal 
Amount) 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount / [] per Note [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]. 
[EUR Issue Price is: EUR []]  
Specified Denominations: 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess 
thereof].  
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] [As specified in General Note 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions) in respect of 
Instalment Notes]. (If not Instalment Notes, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Calculation Amount: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[]. 
Issue Date: 
[]. 
Maturity Date: 
Scheduled Maturity Date is [ ]. [Maturity 
Date −Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions) 
/Maturity Date −Index Linked Condition 7

--- Page 610 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
611 
(Definitions) /Maturity Date −Commodity 
Linked Condition 7] / Maturity Date −Fund 
Linked Condition 8 (Definitions) / Maturity 
Date −Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions) [is/are] applicable]. 
(i) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Determination 
Date 
(General Note Condition 2(a)): 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the] [Last 
Averaging Date/Valuation Date/Final Pricing 
Date/Final Reference Date] [The Final 
Reference Date to fall latest in time] [[ ] 
(specify other date)].  
(iii) 
Scheduled 
Determination 
Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
First 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)  
− 
Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes of "First Maturity 
Date Specific Adjustment": 
[
] Business Day[s]] following the 
[Scheduled Determination Date] [Relevant 
Determination Date]. 
(v) 
Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)  
− 
Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s] []]. 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention for the purposes 
of "Second Maturity Date 
Specific Adjustment": 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
(vi) 
Business Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
(vii) 
Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day

--- Page 611 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
612 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
Underlying Asset(s): 
[The] Share[s] (as defined under "Share 
Linked Note" below) (as defined below)] 
[Exchange Traded Fund[s] (as defined under 
"Share Linked Note" below)] [Inde[x/ices] 
(as defined under "Index Linked Note" 
below)] [[ ] (Specify relevant futures 
contract), being the [futures/options] contract 
relating to the Index, with the expiration 
month of [] (Specify) (the "Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract")/ Commodit[y/ies] (as 
defined below)] (as under defined under 
"Commodity Linked Note"  below)] [FX 
Rate[s] (as defined "FX Linked Note"  
below)] [Fund (as defined under "Fund 
Linked Note" below)] [and the] [Futures 
Contract[s] (as defined under "Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Note" 
below)][the 
[Reference Entity][Reference Entities] (as 
defined under "Credit Linked Note" below). 
The Credit Linked Securities Conditions are 
applicable.] (further particulars specified 
below) [Not Applicable]. 
VALUATION PROVISIONS6
[Valuation / Pricing] Date(s):
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date 
Adjustment is specified to be applicable, 
insert: 
The [] [Expected Scheduled Trading Day / 
Expected Common Scheduled Trading Day] 
preceding the Adjusted Scheduled Maturity 
Date.] 
[The Valuation Date is expected to be [] as 
of the date of these Final Terms.] 
[− 
Final Reference Date: 
The 
[Valuation 
Date]/[Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to fall on [ ] [immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date].] 
6
Where an indicative minimum amount or an indicative maximum amount, or any combination of the foregoing, is to be specified in the 
Final Terms in respect of a Specified Product Value pursuant to Payout Condition 4 (Indicative Amounts), include in the Final Terms as 
applicable language indicating the indicative nature of the relevant variable, e.g. "an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
or around [] based on market conditions and which is specified in a notice published by the Issuer on or around the Issue Date. As of 
the date of these Final Terms, the [] is indicatively set at [], but which may be a lesser or greater amount provided that it will not be 
less than []".

--- Page 612 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
613 
[− 
Number of Relevant Days for the 
purposes of "Final Reference Date":] 
[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days/ 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days/Fund 
Calculation Days/days/ Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Days] [Not Applicable]. 
[− 
Lookback Observation Date: 
[Each Valuation Date] [The Valuation Dates 
scheduled to fall on []] [Not Applicable] 
Entry Level Observation Dates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[] [The First Entry Level Observation Date, 
and each of the [] [Scheduled Trading Days 
for such Underlying Asset] [Common 
Scheduled Trading Days for all Underlying 
Assets] following the First Entry Level 
Observation Date]. 
− 
First Entry Level Observation Date: 
[], or if such day is not a [Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying Asset] [Common 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlying 
Assets], the first following [Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying Asset] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlying Assets]. 
(i) 
Entry Level: 
[Lowest / Highest] is Applicable. 
(ii) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, []] / 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] [] (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] the 
Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, []] 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] [] [(and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] the 
Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Specified Date: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
[Common 
Scheduled Trading Day] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Consequences 
of 
Non-Scheduled 
Trading 
Days, 
Non-Common 
Disrupted Days or Disrupted Days in 
respect of an Entry Level Observation 
Date: 
(a) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 613 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
614 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.4: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.6: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.8: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 614 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
615 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Initial Valuation / Pricing Date(s)]: 
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Averaging 
Dates/Pricing 
Dates]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
[Initial 
Averaging 
Date(s)/Initial 
Pricing Date(s)]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
[Last Averaging Date/Final Pricing 
Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
[Last Initial Averaging Date/Last 
Initial Pricing Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Last Initial Averaging Dates: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
[Final Set First Averaging Date/Final 
Set First Pricing Date]: 
[[ ] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled Commodity 
Business 
Days] 
for 
the 
purposes of ["Final Set of 
Averaging Dates"/"Final Set 
of Pricing Dates"]: 
[ ] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days]. 
(vii) 
Initial Average Price: 
[Initial Average Share Price] [Initial Average 
Closing Share Price] [Initial Average Share 
Reference Price] [Initial Average Index 
Level] [Initial Average Closing Index Level] 
[Initial Average Index Reference Price] 
[Initial Average Commodity Price] [Initial 
Average Commodity Reference Price] [The 
arithmetic means of the FX Rates on each of 
the Initial Averaging Date] [The arithmetic 
mean of the NAV on each of the Initial 
Averaging Dates] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Price] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Reference Price] [Not Applicable]. 
Asset Initial Price: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset,] [
][, being] [the] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial 
Average Price] [Initial Price] [Entry Level] 
[of such Underlying Asset] [In respect of 
[each/the] Underlying Asset, the amount set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Asset Initial Price" [in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset]] 
[Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] [Final

--- Page 615 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
616 
Reference Date / Last Averaging Date / Final 
Pricing Date] [Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] [Initial 
Reference Date / Last Initial Averaging Date / 
Last Initial Pricing Date] [Not Applicable]. 
FX (Final) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Final FX 
Valuation Date] [[] (Specify number) [FX 
Business Day(s) / Business Day(s) / calendar 
day(s) following []] [[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted 
Final FX Valuation Date": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date] [Initial 
FX Valuation Date] [[] (specify number) [FX 
Business Day[s] / Business Day[s] / calendar 
days] following []] [[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable.] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted 
Initial FX Valuation Date": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
Final FX Valuation Date: 
[[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] [the 
Final Reference Date / the Last Averaging 
Date / the Final Pricing Date] for such 
Underlying Asset] [(specify date)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] [Initial 
Reference Date / the Last Initial Averaging 
Date / the Last Initial Pricing Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Coupon Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Interest Basis: 
[[[] per cent.] Fixed Rate] [and] [[EURIBOR 
/ [ ] (specify other)] [+/– [ ] per cent.] 
Floating Rate] [and] [and] [Conditional 
Coupon] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[subject 
as 
provided in the Coupon Payout Conditions].

--- Page 616 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
617 
[(i)] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[Issue Date] [[] (Specify)] [Not Applicable]. 
[(ii) 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date:]
[Issue Date] [The [date on which the] Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on] [] [is 
scheduled to fall] [ ] (specify)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Fixed Rate Note Conditions (General Note 
Condition 7): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/bi-
monthly/monthly/[] (specify)] in arrear] [, 
subject to General Note Condition 7(c)] [Not 
Applicable] [Determined in accordance with 
General Note Condition 7(e) [and/or the 
Coupon Payout Conditions] and set forth in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the column 
entitled "Rate of Interest"]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] / [] 
(specify date(s))[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall 
be 
["Adjusted"/"Unadjusted"].] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set forth in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the column 
entitled "Fixed Coupon Amount"] [Not 
Applicable]. 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Fixed Coupon 
Amount)] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph) 
-
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[].] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [] [and] 
[] (Insert particulars of any initial or broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the 
Interest Payment Date(s) to which they 
relate)] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis]. 
(vi) 
Step 
Up 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Conditions (General 
Note 
Condition 7(e)): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the table below)

--- Page 617 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
618 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No 
Adjustment]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Floating Rate Note Conditions (General 
Note Condition 8): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[The [] day of [month], [month] [repeat as 
required] in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] [] 
(specify date(s)). 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Business Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / 
Floating Rate Convention / Eurodollar 
Convention / No Adjustment]. 
Interest Rate Table 
[Interest Period] 
[Rate of Interest] 
[Fixed Coupon Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period 
[falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) 
the [Fixed Interest 
Commencement Date] [and 
ending on (but excluding) the 
[date on which the] Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period 
[falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) 
the [date on which the] [Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on [] [is scheduled to fall] 
[and ending on (but excluding) 
the [date on which the] Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[repeat as required] 
[[] per cent. per annum 
[repeat as required]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
[repeat as required]

--- Page 618 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
619 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] [and] [Steepener Floating 
Rate Conditions]. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination (General 
Note Condition 8(c)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which 
the Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest 
Periods commencing on (and including) [
]] [each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified to 
be applicable in Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period]]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Bloomberg Page/Reuters Screen] shall 
prevail. 
(b) 
Reference Rate Currency: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference Rate, as 
set out in the table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Rate Currency" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(c) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Any relevant day] [[] Rate Business Days 
prior to [any relevant day] [the [] day of the 
relevant Interest Period] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[Bloomberg Page: [ ]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: [ ]] [In respect of the Primary 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
the 
Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Relevant Screen 
Page(s)" in the row corresponding to the 
Primary Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Relevant Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference Rate, as 
set out in the table below in the column 
entitled "Relevant Maturity" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Relevant Time" in

--- Page 619 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
620 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference 
Rate (as applicable)]. 
(g) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [TARGET] [US Govt SBD] [In respect 
of the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled "Relevant 
Financial Centre" in the row corresponding 
to the Primary Reference Rate or the 
Secondary Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Specified 
Time 
for 
the 
purposes of the definition of 
"Reference Rate" in General 
Note Condition 12(c) (ii): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Specified Time for 
the purposes of the definition of "Reference 
Rate" in General Note Condition 12(c) (ii)  
in the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference 
Rate (as applicable)]. 
(i) 
Reference Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Rate 0% Floor" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(j) 
Multiple 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
[The 
Primary Reference Rate is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of 
which "Primary Reference Rate" is specified 
to be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in 
the column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Period below. 
The Secondary Reference Rate is applicable 
in respect of each Interest Period in respect 
of which "Secondary Reference Rate" is 
specified to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period].] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Reference Rate 
Currency] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Screen 
Page(s)] 
[Relevant 
Maturity] 
[Relevant Time] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre]
[Specified Time for 
the purposes of the 
definition of 
"Reference Rate" in 
General Note 
Condition 12(c)(ii) 
[Reference Rate 
0% Floor] 
Direct 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
Fallback: 
Primary Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any relevant day] 
[[] Rate 
Business Days 
prior to [any 
relevant day] [the [
] day of the 
relevant Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: 
[]] [and] 
[Reuters Screen: [
]] 
[] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable / 
Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 620 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
621 
(vi) 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General 
Note 
Condition 8(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless either of Compounded Daily 
SOFR (Shift) or Index Determination is 
applicable) 
-
Compunded Daily SOFR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily SOFR 
(Lag) is applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] U.S. Government “e”urities Business  Day(s) 
(Specify for Compounded only SOFR) 
-
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date] 
(N.B. This should not be more than the number of 
days specified as "p")
(vii) 
€STR Floating Rate (General 
Note Condition 8(e): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily €STR 
(Shift) is applicable) 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lag) is applicable“)”
-
p: 
[●] TARGET2 Settlement Days 
-
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date (N.B. this 
should not“ be more than” the number of days 
specified as "p") 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination (General 
Note Condition 8(d)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of [each 
Interest Period] [in respect of which the Interest 
Basis is specified to be "Floating Rate" in the 
table below] [the Interest Periods commencing 
on (and including) []] [each Interest Period in 
respect of which "ISDA Determination" is 
specified to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table in the column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period]]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 Definitions][2021 Definitions] 
Secondary 
Reference Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any relevant day] 
[[] Rate 
Business Days 
prior to [any 
relevant day] [the [
] day of the 
relevant Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: 
[]] [and] 
[Reuters Screen: [
]] 
[] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable / 
Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 621 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
622 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below in the column entitled "Floating Rate 
Option" in the row corresponding to the Primary 
ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is applicable. 
The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag Specified 
Day" shall be the [] [Business Day] [] (specify 
other type of day) preceding the Reset Date]. 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below in the column entitled "Designated 
Maturity" in the row corresponding to the 
Primary ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)].[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[First]/[ ]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day of 
an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end [] 
(specify)] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled "Reset Date" 
in the row corresponding to the Primary ISDA 
Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below in the column entitled "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method/Averaging Method" in 
the “w corresponding to the Primary IS”A Rate 
or Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
Lookback/Observation 
Period Shift: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Lookback/Observation Period Shift" in the row 
corresponding “to the Primary ISD” Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable]. 
(g) 
ISDA Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary ISDA Rate and the Secondary ISDA 
Rate, as set out in the table below in the column 
entitled "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Multiple 
ISDA 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. [The Primary 
ISDA Rate is applicable in respect of each 
Interest Period in respect of which "Primary 
ISDA Rate" is specified to be applicable in the 
Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" in 
the row corresponding to such Interest Period. 
The Secondary ISDA Rate is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of which

--- Page 622 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
623 
"Secondary ISDA Rate" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Note 
Conditions" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period.] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option]
[Designated 
Maturity]
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/ 
Averaging 
Method]
[Lookback/ 
Observation 
Period Shift]
[Reset Date]
[ISDA Rate 0% Floor]
Primary 
ISDA 
Rate 
[]. 
["Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag 
Specified 
Day" shall be 
the 
[ ] 
[Business 
Day] [ ] 
(specify 
other type of 
day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[ ] Applicable 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback applies) 
[[ ] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift applies) 
[First/[]] day of an 
Interest Period / The 
Interest Payment Date 
following the last day 
of an Interest Period / 
The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period is scheduled to 
end / [] (specify)]. 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
Secondary 
ISDA 
Rate 
[]. 
["Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag 
Specified 
Day" shall be 
the 
[ ] 
[Business 
Day] [ ] 
(specify 
other type of 
day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[ ] Applicable 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback applies) 
[[ ] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift applies) 
[[First/[]] day of an 
Interest Period / The 
Interest Payment Date 
following the last day 
of an Interest Period / 
The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period is scheduled to 
end / [] (specify)]. 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Steepener 
Floating 
Rate 
Conditions (General 
Note 
Condition 8(g)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period [in respect of which the 
Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
"Steepener Floating Rate Note Provisions" are

--- Page 623 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
624 
specified to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiple Steepener Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [Steepener 
Rate 1 is applicable in respect of each Interest 
Period in respect of which "Steepener Rate 1" 
is specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating Rate Note Conditions" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period. 
Steepener Rate 2 is applicable in respect of 
each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Steepener Rate 2" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period]. 
(b) 
ISDA Rate 1: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [] [Business 
Day] [] (specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled ISDA Rate 
1 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in "the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
1 Floor" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
ISDA Rate 2: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [] [Business

--- Page 624 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
625 
Day] (specify other type of day) preceding the 
Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
2 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
2 Floor" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
ISDA Rate 3: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [] [Business 
Day] [] (specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
3 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
3 Floor" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 625 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
626 
(e) 
ISDA Rate 4: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [] [Business 
Day] [] (specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
4 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum / In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA Rate 
4 Floor" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [+/−] [] 
per cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" in 
the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. 
(xi) 
Participation Rate: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, []] [In 
respect of an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Participation Rate" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum 
Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum 
Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 626 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
627 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [In respect of an Interest Period, as 
specified in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Day Count Fraction" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period. 
(xv) 
Specified Period: 
[] (Specify if Floating Rate Convention is the 
applicable Business Day Convention)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Capped Floored Floating Rate Note 
Conditions (General 
Note 
Condition 8(i)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of] 
[each Interest Period] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
"Capped 
Floored 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Conditions" are specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. 
(xvii) 
Cut-off Date: 
[Applicable − [ ] Business Day[s]] [Not 
Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Change of Interest Basis (General Note 
Condition 9): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Rate Table 
Interest Period 
Interest Basis 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the 
[Fixed/Floating] Interest Commencement Date 
[and ending on (but excluding) the [date on 
which the] Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on [] [and 
ending on (but excluding) the [date on which 
the] Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on [
] [is scheduled to fall]] (repeat as required) 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate]

--- Page 627 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
628 
Conditional Coupon (Coupon Payout 
Condition 1.3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Deferred 
Conditional 
Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Memory 
Coupon 
(Deferred): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Coupon Payment Event" in the Coupon 
Payout 
Conditions, 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference Value [greater than] [less than] [or 
equal to] the Coupon Barrier Level] [Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value less than [or equal to] 
Coupon Barrier Level 1 and greater than [or 
equal to] Coupon Barrier Level 2] is 
applicable in respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date] [in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Payment Event 
applicable to such Coupon Observation Date 
is set forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in 
the column entitled "Coupon Payment Event" 
in the row corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Event 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable.] 
(iv) 
Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value: 
[Coupon Barrier Closing Price] [Coupon 
Barrier Basket Value] [Coupon Barrier Asset 
Performance] [Coupon Barrier Intraday Price] 
[is applicable in respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date] [In respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value applicable to such Coupon 
Observation Date is set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date]. (If Coupon Barrier Basket Value is not 
specified, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph (iv)) 
[Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse) is 
applicable [to all Coupon Observation Dates] 
[to the following Coupon Observation Dates: 
[specify].] [Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
(Inverse) is applicable in respect of each 
Coupon Observation Date as set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date.] 
− 
Weight (i): 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [ ] 
(specify amount) [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled

--- Page 628 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
629 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset]. 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset and 
each Coupon Observation Date,] [] (specify 
amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, the amount set forth for the 
Underlying Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon Barrier 
Level" in the row corresponding to the 
Coupon Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon Barrier Level 1: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset and 
each Coupon Observation Date,] [] (specify 
amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, the amount set forth for the 
Underlying Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon Barrier 
Level 1" in the row corresponding to the 
Coupon Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Coupon Barrier Level 2: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset and 
each Coupon Observation Date,] [] (specify 
amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, the amount set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table for the Underlying 
Asset in the column "Coupon Barrier Level 2" 
in the row corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Coupon Observation Date: 
[The [Valuation Date(s) / Pricing Date(s)] 
scheduled to fall on] [ ] (specify dates) / 
[Each date set forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Observation Date"]. 
(vii) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-
day valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 629 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
630 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date, [ ] [the 
Initial Reference Date] [for such Underlying 
Asset] 
[the 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [or, if there is no 
immediately preceding Coupon Observation 
Date, the Initial Reference Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Contingent Coupon Table below in the 
column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date (and such date shall 
be [included in] [excluded from] such Coupon 
Observation Period)]. 
(d) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date, [ ] [such 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Contingent Coupon Table below in the 
column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
End Date" in the row corresponding to which 
such Coupon Observation Date (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] such 
Coupon Observation Period)]. 
(viii) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Coupon Value: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation Date] 
[] (specify amount or percentage) [In respect 
of a Coupon Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column entitled "Coupon Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date, either the Multi-Coupon Value 1 or 
Multi-Coupon Value 2 corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date as determined in 
accordance with the Conditions] [Coupon 
Value Multiplier Method is [not] applicable.]. 
(If Coupon Value Multiplier Method is not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Coupon 
Amount) determined on the basis of the 
Coupon Value.] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation Date:
[]. 
"

--- Page 630 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
631 
- Coupon Value Multiplicand: 
[].]
(x) 
Coupon Payment Date: 
[] (specify date) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Payment Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date.] [Maturity Date] [Not Applicable]. 
[The Coupon Payment Date shall be: 
(i) 
the Autocall Payment Date following 
the first Autocall Observation Date 
(if any) on which an Autocall Event 
occurs; or 
(ii) 
if no Autocall Event occurs on any 
Autocall Observation Date, the 
Maturity Date]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
First 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the [Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment Date 
other than the Maturity Date] [each Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in respect of which the column 
"Adjusted as a Coupon Payment Date" is 
specified to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
Business Day(s) for the 
purposes of "First Coupon 
Payment Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[] Business Day[s] following the [Scheduled 
Coupon Observation Date] [Relevant Coupon 
Payment Determination Date]. 
− 
Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in respect of the] 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to/immediately preceding] such Coupon 
Payment Date] [] (specify other date) [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Second Coupon Payment 
Date Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect to] the Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment Date 
other than the Maturity Date] [each Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in respect of which the column 
"Adjusted as a Coupon Payment Date" is 
specified to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
Business Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
[ ] [Business Day[s]] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s]] []].

--- Page 631 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
632 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific Adjustment": 
− 
Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in respect of the] 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to/immediately preceding] such Coupon 
Payment Date] [] (specify other date) [Not 
Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Multi-Coupon Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multi-Coupon 
Value 
Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset and 
each Coupon Observation Date,] [] (specify 
amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an 
Underlying Asset, the amount set forth for the 
Underlying Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Multi-Coupon 
Value Barrier Level" in the row corresponding 
to the Coupon Observation Date]. 
(b) 
Multi-Coupon Value 1: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation Date] 
[] (specify amount) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the amount set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 1" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date].  
(c) 
Multi-Coupon Value 2: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation Date] 
[] (specify amount) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the amount set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 2" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date]. 
(xii) 
Simultaneous Coupon Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate Coupon Amounts] [Highest 
Coupon Amount] [Lowest Coupon Amount] 
[Average Coupon Amount] is applicable.]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Contingent Coupon Table

--- Page 632 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
633 
AUTOCALL PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Automatic Early Redemption (General 
Note Condition 10(g)): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Applicable Date(s): 
[] [Each Autocall Observation Date] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] [Each date set forth in the Autocall Table in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date"] [[ ] Business Day[s] 
following the Applicable Date]. 
(a) 
First 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes of 
"First 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Clearing System 
Business Day[s] / calendar day[s]] following 
the [Scheduled Applicable Date] [Relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination 
Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in respect of the] 
[Last Autocall Averaging Date / Final Autocall 
Pricing Date] [Applicable Date corresponding 
to 
such 
Scheduled 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date] [The Applicable Date 
[falling latest in time] corresponding to such 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date] 
[] (specify other date) 
` 
(b) 
Second Automatic Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes of 
"Second Automatic Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Applicable 
Date 
corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date,] [ ] [Business Day[s]] 
[Clearing System Business Day[s] [calendar 
day[s]] []] [as specified in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled "Automatic Early 
Redemption Specified Day(s)" in the row 
corresponding to such Applicable Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in respect of the] 
[Last Autocall Averaging Date / Final Autocall 
Pricing Date] [Applicable Date corresponding 
to 
such 
Scheduled 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date] [The Applicable Date 
falling latest in time corresponding to such 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date] 
[] (specify other date) 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] [In respect of each Applicable Date, the 
Autocall Event Amount corresponding to such 
Applicable Date]

--- Page 633 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
634 
Autocall Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall Event: 
Applicable, [for the purposes of the definition 
of "Autocall Event" in the Autocall Payout 
Conditions, [Best-of] [Worst-of] [Autocall 
Reference Value] [less than] [greater than] [or 
equal to] [[the] [its] Autocall Level] [Targeted 
Accrual Autocall] is applicable in respect of 
each Autocall Observation Date] [in respect of 
an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall 
Event applicable to such Autocall Observation 
Date is set forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column 
"Autocall 
Event" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]. 
[Autocall Event (Inverse) is applicable [to all 
Autocall Observation Dates] [to the following 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates: 
[specify].] 
[Autocall Event (Inverse) is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation Date as 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Event" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date".] 
− 
No 
Coupon 
Amount 
payable following Autocall 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Daily 
Autocall 
Event 
Amount: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
(b) 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Autocall Reference Value: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Autocall Basket Value] [Autocall Asset 
Performance] [Autocall Basket Dispersion 
Value] [In respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, the Autocall Reference Value applicable 
to such Autocall Observation Date is set forth 
in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Reference Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]. (If Autocall Basket Value or Autocall 
Basket Dispersion Value are not specified or 
the definition of Autocall Reference Value does 
not require the determination of the Autocall 
Asset Performance, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable [to all Autocall Observation Dates] 
[to the following Autocall Observation Dates: 
[specify].] [Autocall Reference Value (Inverse) 
is applicable in respect of each Autocall

--- Page 634 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
635 
Observation Date as set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Reference 
Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date.] 
(a) 
Autocall Asset Price: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Weight[ing]: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [] 
(specify amount)] [In respect of [], [](specify 
amount)] [as set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Weighting" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price 
(Initial)" 
in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Autocall Level: 
[In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [(specify 
Underlying Asset)] [ ] (specify amount)[, 
being] [[] of the Asset Initial Price] [of such 
Underlying 
Asset] 
[(repeat 
for 
each 
Underlying Asset as required)] [In respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date [and an Underlying 
Asset], the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set forth 
in the Autocall Table in the column "Autocall 
Level" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] [Not Applicable].  

Autocall 
Level 
Comparative 
Method: 
[Applicable in respect of [[each/the] Autocall 
Observation Date[s] [falling on the Valuation 
Date[s] scheduled to fall on []]] [Autocall 
Level Comparative Method is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation Date as 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Level Comparative Method" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Autocall Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable)

Autocall Asset Comparative Price 
Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 

Autocall Level Floor: 
[In respect of [each/the] Autocall Observation 
Date[s] [falling on the Valuation Date[s] 
scheduled to fall on []]] [] [In respect of an 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date 
and 
each 
Underlying Asset, the [amount] [percentage]

--- Page 635 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
636 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Level" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date]. 
(v) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date: 
[The [Valuation Date / Pricing Date/ Averaging 
Date] scheduled to fall on [ ] (Specify 
applicable dates) [Each date set forth in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled "Autocall 
Observation Date"]]/[Each Observation Date 
(closing valuation) scheduled to fall in the 
Autocall Observation Period]. 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days] for the purposes of 
["Set 
of 
Autocall 
Averaging Dates"/"Set of 
Autocall Pricing Dates"]: 
[ ] [Scheduled Trading Days / Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days]. 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled "Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
(c) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled " 
Autocall Observation Period End Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset. 
(vii) 
Autocall Event Amount: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date, 
[[] (specify amount) [the amount set forth in 
the Autocall Table in the column "Autocall 
Event Amount" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date]] / [the Daily 
Autocall Event Amount] [the Autocall Floored 
Weighted Basket Event Amount corresponding 
to such Autocall Observation Date]. [Autocall 
Multiplier Method is applicable] (if the 
Autocall Event Amount is not the Autocall 
Floored Weighted Basket Event Amount and 
Autocall Multiplier Method is not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 636 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
637 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Autocall Event 
Amount)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[].]
(a) 
Autocall 
 
Protection 
Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall Event Floor Amount: 
[] [In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date, the amount set forth in the Autocall Table 
in the column "Autocall Event Floor Amount" 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date"]. 
(c) 
Autocall 
Event 
Base 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Autocall 
Value 
Multiplicand: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Simultaneous 
Autocall 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate 
Autocall 
Event 
Amounts] 
[Highest Autocall Event Amount] [Lowest 
Autocall Event Amount] [Average Autocall 
Event Amount] is applicable]. 
(x)  
Autocall Observation Period (Per 
AOD): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a)
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b)
Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start Date (Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, [.] [the Initial Reference Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the Autocall Observation 
Date immediately preceding such Autocall 
Observation Date] [or, if there is no 
immediately preceding Autocall Observation 
Date, the Initial Reference Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Autocall Table below in the column entitled 
"Autocall Observation Period Start Date (Per 
AOD)" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] (and such date

--- Page 637 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
638 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] such 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD))]. 
(c)
Autocall 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date 
(Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, [] [such Autocall Observation Date] [for 
such Underlying Asset] [the date specified in 
the Autocall Table below in the column entitled 
"Autocall Observation Period End Date (Per 
AOD)" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] such 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD))]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
AUTOCALL TABLE
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date] 
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date][(Per 
AOD)]] 
[Autocall 
Level 
Comparative 
Method] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Period End 
Date] [(Per 
AOD)]]  
[Autocall 
Level Floor]
[Specified 
Number of] 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Schedu
led 
Commodity 
Business 
Days] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date] 
[Automat
ic Early 
Redempti
on 
Specified 
Day(s)] 
[Autocall 
Event] 
[Autocall 
Reference  
Value] 
[Autocal
l Level]
[Autoca
ll Event 
Amount
]
[The 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] / 
[Averaging 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
[Specify 
applicable 
date] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as necessary)
The [Initial 
Reference 
Date] 
[Valuation 
Date/Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Applicable] / 
[Not 
Applicable] 
The[Valuatio
n on 
Date/Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Specify 
amount] 
(repeat as 
required)" 
[] 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days] 
[Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days] 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] (repeat 
as required) 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Best-of] 
[Worst-of] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value] [less 
than] [greater 
than] [or 
equal to] 
[[the] [its] 
Autocall 
Level] 
[Targeted 
Accrual 
Autocall] is 
applicable 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Autocall 
Event 
(Inverse) is 
applicable] 
[Autocall 
Closing 
Price] 
[Autocall 
Average 
Price] 
[Autocall 
Basket 
Value] 
[Autocall 
Asset 
Performance] 
is Applicable
(repeat as 
required) 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value 
(Inverse) is 
applicable] 
[] 
[Specify 
amount]
[Specify 
amount] 
(repeat 
as 
required
)" 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption 
at 
par/Share 
Linked/Index 
Linked/Commodity Linked/FX Linked/Fund 
Linked/Futures Contract Linked Notes/Zero 
Coupon Notes/Credit Linked Redemption as 
per Credit Linked Securities Conditions and 
paragraph 49] ]. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(General Note Condition 10(b)): 
[Applicable – General Note Condition  10(b) 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 638 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
639 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if later, the] [The] [] 
Business 
Day 
following 
[each] 
[the 
corresponding] Call Option Notice Date]/[As 
specified in the Optional Redemption Table in 
the column entitled "Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
(ii) 
Call Option Notice Date(s): 
[[ ]/Each date set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call 
Option Notice Date(s)"]. 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[In respect of each Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [[ ] per Calculation Amount] [the 
amount set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column "Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)" in the row corresponding to 
such Optional Redemption Date (Call)]. 
[Accrued interest payable]. 
(iv) 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Optional Redemption Table] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[insert] 
[insert] [[or, [if later, the] 
[The] [] Business Day 
following the Call Option 
Notice Date] 
[insert] 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
(General Note Condition 10(c)): 
[Applicable – General Note Condition 10(c) 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date (Put): 
[Default Optional Redemption Date (Put) / [
] Business Day(s) following the relevant Put 
Option Exercise Date]. 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Put): 
[] per Calculation Amount. [Accrued interest 
payable.] 
(iii) 
Put Option Notice Period: 
[Default Notice Period / [] [day[s]]/ Business 
Day[s] before each Optional Redemption Date 
(Put)]. 
(iv) 
Specified Time for the 
purposes of the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent and Relevant 
Clearing System receiving the Put 
Option Notice under General Note 
Condition 10(f): 
[For 
the 
purposes 
of 
General 
Note 
Condition 10(d), Specified Time is: [insert 
time and place] / Not Applicable].

--- Page 639 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
640 
Zero Coupon Note Conditions: 
[Applicable / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Reference Price: 
[][Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Accreted Value 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ ] [Default Day Count Fraction] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(v) 
Accrual Commencement Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
(General Note Condition 10(a)): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]. 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is Share Linked, Index Linked, 
Commodity Linked, FX Linked Fund 
Linked or Futures Contract Linked: 
(If Final Redemption Amount is not linked to 
any Underlying Asset(s), delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Share 
and/or Index and/or Commodity 
and/or FX Rate and/or Fund Linked 
and/or Futures Contract Linked 
[Payout Conditions] apply (see further 
particulars specified below)/Not Applicable]. 
FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Single Limb Payout (Payout Condition 
1.1):  
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Participation Security (Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row

--- Page 640 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
641 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Participation 
FX 
Security 
(Payout Condition 1.1(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled

--- Page 641 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
642 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] / []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[]/ [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Performance) 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(iv)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row

--- Page 642 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
643 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Redemption Percentage (Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(v)):
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
Redemption Percentage: 
[] / [Not Applicable].] 
Multiple 
Limb 
Payout 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger 
Event 
(Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Payout 1: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Percentage: 
[]. 
(b) 
Trigger Payout 2: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Trigger Floored 
Weighted Basket Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry

--- Page 643 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
644 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Event Floor 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Protection Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Payout 3: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
− 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(d) 
Trigger Payout 4: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
− 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 644 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
645 
− 
Participation: 
[]. 
− 
Strike: 
[]. 
− 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Trigger Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Trigger Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Payout 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(A)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption Percentage: 
[] [Insert amount]. 
(iii) 
Payout 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(A)):: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 645 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
646 
(iv) 
Payout 
3 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(C)):: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Reference Price (Call): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(f) 
Reference Price (Put): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(g) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(h) 
Cap: 
[] / [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(i) 
Floor: 
[] / [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Payout 
4 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(D)): 
Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 646 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
647 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] / [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] / [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Payout 
5 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(E)):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(d) 
Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 647 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
648 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Payout 
6 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(F)):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
(a) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(b) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Payout 
7 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(G)):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance]

--- Page 648 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
649 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[] 
(d) 
Participation: 
[] 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] [] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Payout 
8 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(H)):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 649 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
650 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Payout 
9 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(I)):
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row

--- Page 650 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
651 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[] 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Participation: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Payout 
10 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(J)):
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], []

--- Page 651 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
652 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[] 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Participation: 
[] 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(i) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(j) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Payout 
11 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(K)):
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled

--- Page 652 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
653 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Payout 
12 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(L)):
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Payout 
13 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(M)): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance]

--- Page 653 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
654 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] [Basket Dispersion (Final)]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Weighting" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Downside 
Cash 
Settlement 
(Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A)):
[Not Applicable / Applicable, for the purpose 
of Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A) Single Asset] 
[Worst of Basket] [Best of Basket] [Minimum 
Percentage] [Weighted Basket] [Buffered 
Downside] [Basket Buffered Downside] [and 
Final Asset FX] [and Booster] [and FXR] [and 
Downside Put] is applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] / [Final Average Price] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled

--- Page 654 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
655 
"Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Downside Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Downside Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Asset FX: 
[Non-Inverse Return] / [Inverse Return] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(h) 
Buffer Level: 
[] (Insert amount) [, being [] per cent. [of 
the Asset Initial Price]] / [Not Applicable]]. 
(i) 
Reference Price (Final): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Final Closing Price] [Final 
Average Price] / [Not Applicable]. 
(j) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [[ ] per cent. of the] [Initial 
Closing Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] [Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, the amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(k) 
Perf: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket Performance].] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [specify 
amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify amount]] 
/ [[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 655 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
656 
(l) 
Strike: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), []] / [Not Applicable]. 
(m) 
Participation: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), []] / [Not Applicable]. 
(n) 
FXR: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse 
Return]] [Not Applicable]. 
(o) 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Value): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(p) 
Reference Value (Initial 
Value): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [ ] [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the amount specified in the Underlying 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Reference 
Value 
(Initial 
Value)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(q) 
Basket Strike: 
[]. 
(xvi) 
Downside Physical Settlement 
(Payout Condition 1.2(c)(ii)):
[Applicable / Not Applicable, for the purpose 
of (Payout Condition 1.2(c)(ii)), [Single 
Asset] [Worst of Basket] is applicable]. 
Barrier 
Event 
Conditions 
(Payout 
Condition 2):
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, and if Trigger Lock-In Event 
Condition is also Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Barrier Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal] to the Barrier Level [1] [or less 
than [or equal to] the Barrier Level 2] is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Barrier Reference Value: 
[Barrier Closing Price] [Barrier Average 
Price] [Barrier Intraday Price] [Barrier Worst 
Closing Price] [Barrier Best Closing Price] 
[Barrier 
Basket 
Value] 
[Barrier 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Barrier 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Barrier 
Best 
Asset 
Performance] [Barrier Basket Dispersion 
Value] is applicable. (If Barrier Basket Value, 
Barrier Asset Performance, Barrier Worst 
Asset Performance, Barrier Best Asset 
Performance or Barrier Basket Dispersion 
Value is not specified, delete the sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Barrier Asset Price: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Not Applicable].  
(b) 
Weight[ing] [i]: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [specify 
amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify amount]] 
/ [[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the row

--- Page 656 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
657 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
BDNA: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iii)
Barrier Level: 
[specify amount] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(a) 
Barrier Level 1: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Barrier Level 2: 
[(specify amount)] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level 2" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iv)
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 657 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
658 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-
day valuation): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Barrier Observation Period). 
(d) 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Barrier Observation Period). 
(v)
Lock-In 
Event 
Condition: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, and if Trigger Lock-In Event 
Condition is also Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Lock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Lock-In 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, Lock-In 
Reference Value [greater than] [less than] [or 
equal] to the Lock-In Level is applicable. 
(b) 
Lock-In Reference Value: 
[Lock-In Closing Price] [Lock-In Basket 
Value] is applicable. 
(c) 
Lock-In Level: 
[specify amount] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Lock-In Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(d) 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Dates: 
[The [Valuation / Pricing] Date[s] scheduled 
to fall on [insert dates]] [Each Valuation Date 
other than the Final Reference Date]. 
(vi)
Star Event: 
[Applicable. [Final Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset is greater than [or equal to] 
the Star Level.] [Final Closing Price of any 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket is 
greater than [or equal to] the Star Level.] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 658 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
659 
(a) 
Star Event Best Asset 
Performance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Star Level: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [
] (specify amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[BARRIER AND TRIGGER TABLE] 
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Barrier 
Level] [1] 
[Barrier 
Level] [2] 
[Trigger 
Level] 
[Trigger 
Level Floor] 
[Lock-In 
Level] 
[Barrier/Trig
ger 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date] 
[Barrier/Trig
ger 
Observation 
Period End 
Date] 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[] 
[] (specify 
date) 
[] (specify 
date) 
Trigger 
Event 
Conditions 
(Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Trigger Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Trigger Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Trigger Level is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Trigger Reference Value: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price] [Trigger Intraday Price] [Trigger Worst 
Closing Price] [Trigger Best Closing Price] 
[Trigger 
Basket 
Value] 
[Trigger 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Best 
Asset 
Performance]. (If Trigger Basket Value, 
Trigger Asset Performance, Trigger Worst 
Asset Performance or Trigger Best Asset 
Performance is not specified, delete the sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Trigger Asset Price: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [specify 
amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify amount]] 
/ [[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Trigger Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] of the Asset Initial Price]

--- Page 659 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
660 
/ [In respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
[value] [percentage of the Asset Initial Price of 
such Underlying Asset] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Level" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset]. 

Trigger 
Level 
Comparative 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Trigger Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable) 

Trigger Asset Comparative Price 
Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 

Trigger Level Floor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [
] [In respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
[amount] [percentage] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Level Floor" in the row corresponding 
to such Underlying Asset]. 
(iv) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-
day valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Observation Period Start Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Trigger Observation Period). 
(d) 
Trigger Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Observation Period End Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Trigger Observation Period).

--- Page 660 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
661 
(e) 
Trigger 
Lock-In 
Event 
Condition: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].  
Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Converted Currency: 
[] 
(ii) 
Calculation Currency: 
[] 
(iii) 
Currency Fixing Price 
Sponsor: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate] [
]. (repeat as necessary) 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[Official fixing rate] [official mid closing rate] 
[spot rate] [mid rate] [fixing rate]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(v) 
Currency Price Source: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[] 
(vi) 
Currency 
Valuation 
Time: 
 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[]. 
(vii) 
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[] [Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Final 
FX Valuation Date] [(specify number) of 
[Currency Conversion Business Day[s] / 
Business Day[s] / calendar day[s]] immediately 
following [Adjusted Asset Final Reference 
Date / Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date/ [] 
[(specify number) of Currency Conversion 
Business Day(s) immediately preceding [the 
Maturity Date / []]]. 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Non-Default 
Currency 
Conversion Business Day 
for euro: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Currency Conversion Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Derived 
Rate: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Cross Currency: 
[]

--- Page 661 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
662 
Physical 
Settlement 
(General 
Note 
Condition 12(a)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
[Single Asset] [Worst of Basket] is applicable. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Physical Settlement Cut-off Date: 
[Default Physical Settlement Cut-off Date / [] 
(specify date)]. 
(iii) 
Deliverable Assets: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 5] [In respect 
of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] [] [per cent. 
of the Initial Value]. (repeat as necessary) 
(iv) 
Deliverable Assets Price: 
[In respect of [[[]/each Underlying Asset,] [
] per cent. of the Initial Value]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(v) 
Lot size: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Fractional Cash Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 5 / Not 
Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Physical Settlement Disruption 
Amount: 
As specified in Payout Condition 6 
(viii) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset]. 
(ix) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
Non-scheduled 
Early 
Repayment 
Amount: 
-
Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and 
Costs: 
[Par plus accrued (Do not specify for Warrants; 
and, if specified in relation to Certificates, 
include 
definition 
of 
"Calculation 
Amount")/Fair Market Value/Not Applicable –
].  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
SHARE LINKED NOTE / INDEX LINKED NOTE / COMMODITY LINKED NOTE / FX 
LINKED NOTE / FUND LINKED NOTE / FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED NOTE / CREDIT 
LINKED NOTE  
 Type of Notes 
The Notes are [Share Linked Notes – the Share 
Linked Conditions are applicable / Index 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions are applicable / linked to the Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract (as defined in 
paragraph 8 above). The Notes are also Index 
Linked 
Notes 
−the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Commodity Linked 
Notes – the Commodity Linked Conditions are

--- Page 662 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
663 
applicable / FX Linked Notes – the FX Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Fund Linked 
Instruments – the Fund Linked Conditions are 
applicable 
/ 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Instruments – the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Credit Linked 
Notes 
– 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities 
Conditions are applicable (Specify which 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions are 
applicable)]/[Zero Coupon Notes – the 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions are 
not 
applicable] / [[Fixed Rate Notes] [and] 
[Floating Rate Notes] – the [Fixed Rate Note 
Conditions] [and] [the Floating Rate Note 
Conditions] are applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[UNDERLYING ASSET TABLE] 
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Currency] 
[Bloomberg/ 
Reuters] 
[ISIN] (specify 
if Underlying 
Asset is a 
Share)
[Exchange / 
Trading 
Facility/ FX 
Price Source]
[Commodity]/ 
Index 
Sponsor] 
[Reference 
Price (Initial)] 
(specify if 
applicable)
[Asset Initial 
Price] (specify 
if applicable)
[Initial Value]
[Weighting] 
[The [ordinary 
shares] [] of] 
[Name of 
Share(s) or 
Share Issuer] 
[The shares of 
the [Name of 
Exchange 
Traded Fund(s) 
/ [The shares or 
units of 
[Name/Class of 
Fund] 
Index(ices) / 
Commodity(ies
) / Futures 
Contract / FX 
Rate(s)] [([the 
/each an] "[] 
Exchange 
Traded Fund") 
Share/Index/Fu
nd"] (repeat as 
required) 
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[[]] (repeat 
as required)
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[RELEVANT ANNEX – ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES] 
[Reference Entity] 
[Transaction 
Type] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[Reference 
Obligation 
(ISIN)] 
[Standard Reference 
Obligation] 
[Reference Entity 
Weighting] 
[Index Sponsor] 
[] (repeat as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as required) 
Share Linked Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Share or Share Basket or 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
[Single Share[, being a Share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund] / Share Basket] / [The/Each 
Share comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Share(s): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset

--- Page 663 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
664 
Table / [The [ordinary shares] [] of] [Name of 
Share(s) or Share Issuer] / The shares of the 
[Exchange Traded Fund / (Bloomberg: [ ]; 
ISIN: []). 
(If the Share is the shares of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, insert the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund[s]:] 
[Name of Share(s)/Exchange Traded Fund(s)] 
(Bloomberg: []; ISIN: [])] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ] / As specified in the column entitled 
"Exchange" in the Underlying Asset Table]. 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges]. 
(v) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange]. 
(vi) 
Latest Reference Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify time)]. 
(viii) 
Single Share and Reference Dates 
− Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates]] 
as 
specified 
in 
Share 
Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Single Share and Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences 
of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates]] − as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates 
–Basket Valuation (Individual 
Scheduled Trading Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates]] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 664 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
665 
(xi) 
Share Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Individual Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates]] − as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition  / 
Other (specify)] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates 
– Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates]] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify)] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Share Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates]] − as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 1.6 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates 
– Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Trading Day and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates]] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Share Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates]] − as specified in

--- Page 665 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
666 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common 
Disrupted Day): 
Share Linked Condition 1.8 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable, in respect of 
[Final 
Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/Final Pricing Date/specify date(s)], the 
Fallback Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / 
Default Fallback Valuation Date is applicable 
in respect of [Final Reference Date/Initial 
Reference Date/Final Pricing Date/specify 
date(s)]. 
(xvii) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Extraordinary Event – Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Correction of Share Price: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in respect of: [[the/each] Valuation Date/ Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date/ each 
Initial Reference Date/ each Averaging 
Reference Date /specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date/ Initial 
Valuation Date/each Reference Date [(other 
than the Final Reference Date)] / [the/each] 
Initial Reference Date/ [the/each] Averaging 
Reference Date /specify date(s)], [[insert 
number] Business Days prior to [the Maturity 
Date / the next following date upon which any 
payment or delivery of assets may have to be 
made by the Issuer by reference to the price of 
[the/such] Underlying Asset] / [ ] (specify 
date(s))].] (repeat as necessary) 
(xxiii) Depositary Receipts Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Depositary Receipts: 
[]

--- Page 666 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
667 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[[
] /As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5.1(a)]. 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[[
] /As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5.1(a)]. 
(d) 
Exchange(s) in respect of 
Underlying Shares: 
[[
] /As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5.1(c)]. 
(e) 
Related Exchange(s) in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[
] /As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5.1(c)]. 
(f) 
Valuation Time in respect 
of Underlying Shares: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 5.1(c) 
/ Other (specify time and place)]. 
(xxiv) 
Closing 
Share 
Price 
(Italian 
Reference Price): 
[Applicable to [[each/the] Underlying Asset] 
[the following Underlying Assets: [specify the 
Underlying Assets to which this election is 
applicable]]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
to 
any 
Underlying Asset]. 
(xxv) 
Reference 
Price 
subject 
to 
Dividend Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Adjusted Price Type: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Proportional / 
Additive / Proportional Minus Fixed Yield / 
Proportional Minus Fixed Point] / [as specified 
in the Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Adjusted 
Price 
Type" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(b)
Adjusted Share Price 
Applicable Date: 
[][Each Valuation Date [other than []]] [and] 
[[the/The] 
Final 
Reference 
Date] 
[and] 
[[e/E]ach Observation Date (closing valuation) 
during the Trigger Observation Period] [and] 
[[e/E]ach Observation Date (closing valuation) 
during the Barrier Observation Period] [and] 
[[e/E]ach [Initial] Averaging Date [other than [
]]] [specify] 
(c)
Dividend Period Start 
Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [] / [the date 
specified in the Dividend Table in the column 
entitled "Dividend Period Start Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 

Dividend 
Period 
Start Date Price: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Closing Share 
Price of such Share in respect of the Dividend 
Period Start Date/[ ]] / [as specified in the 
Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Dividend Period Start Date Price" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(d)
Dividend Period End 
Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[] (specify 
date)] / [the date specified in the Dividend 
Table in the column entitled "Dividend Period 
End Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Share]. 
(e)
Contractual Dividend: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[]]/ [the/Each] 
amount specified in the [Dividend Table/

--- Page 667 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
668 
Contractual Dividend Table] in the column 
entitled "Contractual Dividend" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(f)
Contractual 
Ex-
Dividend Date(s): 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[]]/ [the/Each] 
amount specified in the [Dividend Table/ 
Contractual Dividend Table] in the column 
entitled "Contractual Dividend" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(g)
Contractual 
Dividend 
Yield: 
[Not Applicable.] [In respect of [the/each] 
Share, [Standard / Multiplicative]/ [as specified 
in the Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Contractual Dividend Yield" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 

CDY: 
[Not Applicable/[]] [In respect of each Share, 
as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"CDY" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(h)
CDP: 
[Not Applicable/[]] [In respect of each Share, 
as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"CDP" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(i)
Divisor: 
[Not Applicable/360/365] [In respect of each 
Share, as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Divisor" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(j)
Include 
Extraordinary 
Dividends: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] / [as specified in the Dividend 
Table in the column entitled "Include 
Extraordinary 
Dividends" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
DIVIDEND TABLE 
Underlyin
g Asset 
Adjusted 
Price Type:
Dividen
d Period 
Start 
Date 
Dividend 
Period 
Start 
Date 
Price 
Dividen
d Period 
End 
Date 
[Contractua
l Dividend 
[Contractua
l Ex-
Dividend 
Date(s) 
[Share 
Currency
] 
[Contractual 
Dividend 
Yield] 
[CDY] 
[CDP] 
[Divisor]
[Include 
Extraordinary 
Dividends] 
[[] 
(repeat as 
necessary)
[Proportiona
l / Additive / 
Proportional 
Minus Fixed 
Yield / 
Proportional 
Minus Fixed 
Point] 
[●] 
[Closing 
Share 
Price of 
such 
Share in 
respect of 
the 
Dividend 
Period 
Start 
Date/[●
]] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[] (specify 
date(s))] 
[●] 
[Standard / 
Multiplicative
] 
[Not 
Applicable
] / [] 
[Not 
Applicable
] / [●] 
Not 
Applicabl
e / 360 
/365 
[Applicable/No
t Applicable] 
[CONTRACTUAL DIVIDEND TABLE] 
[Underlying Asset: [[●]]  
(repeat as necessary)
[Contractual Ex-Dividend Date(s)] 
[Contractual Dividend] 
[[●] (specify date(s))] 
[[●]]

--- Page 668 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
669 
Index Linked Notes: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Index or Index Basket: 
[Single Index / Index Basket /The/Each Index 
comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Index(ices): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table/The [Name of Index(ices) (Bloomberg 
Code: [], ISIN: [])] [(the "Index")]. 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index]. 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 
/ Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/ All Exchanges / Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Options Exchange: 
[[]/ Related Exchange / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(viii) 
Index Currency: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)]. 
(xi) 
Latest Reference Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract: 
[Specify]. 
(b) 
Derivatives Exchange: 
[Specify]. 
(c) 
Daily Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(d) 
Final Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(e) 
Index Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable / (Specify)]. 
(f) 
Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(g) 
Special Quotation Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(xiii) 
Single Index and Reference Dates 
− Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.1 / [where the Underlying 
Asset 
is 
an 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract] Applicable only if the Final 
Reference Price is the Final Index Level, 
pursuant to, in which case, as specified in

--- Page 669 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
670 
Index Linked Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
[where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract] In respect of the 
Valuation Date, [eight] Scheduled Trading 
Days / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Single 
Index 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences 
of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.2 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates 
– Basket Valuation (Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Individual Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] – as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.4 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable] 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index

--- Page 670 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
671 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
Linked Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] – as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.6 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(i) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Index Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.8 / Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of 
[Valuation Date/Initial Valuation Date/Final 
Reference Date/specify date(s)], the Fallback 
Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date is applicable in

--- Page 671 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
672 
respect of [Valuation Date/Initial Valuation 
Date/Final Reference Date/specify date(s)]] 
(iv) 
Index Modification: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable]. [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7] 
(v) 
Index Cancellation: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(vi) 
Index Disruption: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(vii) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(viii) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Correction of Index Level: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[[the/each] 
Valuation 
Date/Initial Valuation Date/ each Reference 
Date/each 
Initial 
Reference 
Date/each 
Averaging Reference Date /specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date/ 
Initial Valuation Date / each Reference Date 
[(other than the Final Reference Date)] / 
[the/each] Initial Reference Date/ [the/each] 
Averaging Reference Date / specify date(s)], 
[[insert number] Business Days prior to [the 
Maturity Date / the next following date upon 
which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to 
the price of [the/such] Underlying Asset] / [] 
(specify date(s))].] (repeat as necessary) 
(where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract) [In respect of 
the Valuation Date, the second Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date / specify date(s)]. 
(xiii) 
Index Disclaimer: 
[Applicable to an Index/Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Reference 
Price 
subject 
to 
Decrement Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 672 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
673 
(a)
Adjusted 
Index 
Level 
Type: 
[Decrement in Point] / [Decrement in 
Percentage 1] / [Decrement in Percentage 2] / 
[as set forth in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Adjusted Index Level Type" 
in the row corresponding to such Index] 
(b)
Adjusted 
Index 
Level 
Applicable Date: 
[ ][Each Valuation Date [other than [ ]]] 
[and] [[the/The] Final Reference Date] [and] 
[[e/E]ach 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation) during the Trigger Observation 
Period] [and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date 
(closing 
valuation) 
during 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period] [and] [[e/E]ach [Initial] 
Averaging Date [other than []]] [specify] 
(c)
Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [the date 
specified in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Index]. 

Decrement 
Index 
Level Period Start 
Date Level: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [Closing Index 
Level of such Index in respect of the 
Decrement Index Level Period Start Date /[
]] / [as specified in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Index]. 
(d)
Decrement Index Level 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [the date 
specified in the Decrement Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement Index Level 
Period Start Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Index]. 
(e)
Decrement: 
In respect of [the/each] Index, [] / [as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Decrement" in the row 
corresponding to such Index.] 
(Note: Decrement to be expressed as index 
points if Decrement in Point is specified) 
(Note: Decrement to be expressed as a 
percentage if Decrement in Percentage 
1/Decrement in Percentage 2 is specified) 
(f)
Day Count Divisor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Index, [360] / [365]] 
/ [as set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Decrement" in the row 
corresponding to such Index.] 
[Decrement Table] 
Underlying Asset 
Adjusted Index 
Level Type 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date: 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date Level: 
Decrement Index 
Level Period End 
Date: 
Decrement 
Day Count Divisor 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[Decrement in 
Point] / [Decrement 
in Percentage 1] / 
[Decrement in 
Percentage 2] 
[] 
[Closing Index 
Level of such Index 
in respect of the 
Decrement Index 
Level Period Start 
Date /[]] 
[] 
[] 
(Note: 
Decrement 
to be expressed as 
index 
points 
if 
Decrement in Point 
is specified) 
[360] / [365]

--- Page 673 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
674 
(Note: Decrement 
to be expressed as a 
percentage if 
Decrement in 
Percentage 
1/Decrement in 
Percentage 2 is 
specified)
Commodity 
Linked 
Notes 
(Single 
Commodity or Commodity Basket):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Commodity or Commodity 
Basket: 
[Single Commodity / Commodity Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Commodity (ies): 
[Name 
of 
Commodity(ies) 
(Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])]. 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price(s): 
[[insert relevant Commodity Reference Price], 
as 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 8 / Commodity Reference Price 
Framework Determination is applicable]. 
(iv) 
Trading Facility: 
[[ ] / As specified in the Commodity 
Reference Price]. 
(v) 
Unit: 
[Specify unit of measure of the Relevant 
Commodity]. 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[] / Adjusted Delivery Date]. 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[As specified in the Commodity Reference 
Price / high price / low price / average of high 
price and low price / closing price / opening 
price / bid price / asked price / average of bid 
price and asked price / official settlement price 
/ official price / morning fixing / afternoon 
fixing / spot price]. 
(viii) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
(ix) 
Price Materiality Percentage in 
respect 
of 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(x) 
Single Commodity and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Consequences 
of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.1 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]].

--- Page 674 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
675 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[] 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Commodity Business Day and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.2 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify number of Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[] 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 675 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
676 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Commodity 
Business Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.3 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(b)  
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose of "Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition [ ] / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 676 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
677 
(xiii) 
Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 3]. 
(xiv) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable.] 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial 
Valuation 
Date/ 
Reference 
Date/Final 
Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/ 
Averaging Reference Date/specify date(s)].] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date [(other 
the Final Reference Date)]/Final Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/ 
Averaging 
Reference Date/ specify date(s)], [[insert 
number] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [ ] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as 
necessary) 
(xv) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Observation Hours: 
[Not Applicable / specify period]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Observation Hours Start 
Time: 
[], (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset). 
− 
Observation Hours End 
Time: 
[], (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset). 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
FX Linked Notes:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single FX Rate or FX Rate Basket: 
[Single FX Rate / FX Rate Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of FX Rate(s): 
[Each Asset FX Rate / Currency Price / 
Derived Exchange Rate/ EUR/USD FX Rate]. 
[Base Currency is []] 
[Reference Currency is []] 
[FX Price Source is []]

--- Page 677 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
678 
[For the purposes of the definition of the 
"Derived Exchange Rate", Derived Exchange 
Rate [1/2/3/4/5] is applicable]. 
(iii) 
Subject Currency: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[Official fixing rate / Official mid closing rate 
/ Spot rate / Mid rate / Fixing rate] 
(v) 
Fixing Day: 
[Publication Fixing Day / Transaction Fixing 
Day] on which no FX Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing. 
(vi)        Latest Reference Date 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Non-Default FX Business Day for 
euro: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] (specify)]. 
(x) 
Adjusted Valuation Date: 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment/No 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for 
the purposes of "Adjusted 
Valuation Date": 
[[
] 
[[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Adjusted Initial Valuation Date: 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date", 
[[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing 
Day Adjustment/No Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for 
the purposes of "Adjusted 
Initial Valuation Date": 
[[
] 
[[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Single FX Rate and Reference 
Dates − Consequences of non-
Fixing Days: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 678 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
679 
(xiii) 
Single FX Rate and Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences 
of non-Fixing Days: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify) / Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Individual Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual 
Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Common Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Period Start 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Period End 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable].

--- Page 679 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
680 
(c) 
Barrier 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 
/ 
Other 
(specify) 
/ 
Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 
/ 
Other 
(specify) 
/ 
Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Currency Pair: 
[Not Applicable / Reference Currency is [] 
and Base Currency is []]. 
(xviii) Fallback Reference Price (FX 
Linked Condition 2): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
[Alternate Price Source(s): 
[].] 
(xix)(xix) 
Hedging Disruption (FX 
Linked Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
(xx) 
Increased Cost of Hedging (FX 
Linked Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
Fund Linked Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Fund or Fund Basket: 
[Single Fund / Fund Basket] 
(ii) 
Name of Fund(s): 
[Name and Class of Fund (Bloomberg Code: [
]; ISIN: [])]. 
(iii) 
Reference Fund: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Maturity Settlement Period: 
[Five/[]] Business Days. 
(viii) 
Dealing Charge Threshold: 
[0.20/[]] per cent. ([0.20/[]]%). 
(ix) 
Holding Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(x) 
AUM Threshold: 
[75/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xi) 
NAV Threshold: 
[85/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xii) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
Futures Contract Linked Notes (Single 
Futures Contract or Futures Contract 
Basket):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Futures Contract or Futures 
Contract Basket:
[Single Futures Contract / Futures Contract 
Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Futures Contract (ies): 
[Name of Futures Contract(s) (Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])].

--- Page 680 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
681 
Futures 
Contract 
Reference 
Price(s): 
[]. 
(iii) 
Trading Facility: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Unit: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8 / Other (specify)]. 
(v) 
Specified Price: 
[]. 
(vi) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Disruption Event: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify). 
(viii) 
Single 
Futures 
Contract 
and 
Pricing Dates – Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.1 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(ix) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.2 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted]

--- Page 681 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
682 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 9/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(x) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xi) 
Futures Contract Basket and 
Pricing Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.4 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply / Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xii) 
Corrections of Published Futures 
Contract Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified in 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 3 / Other 
(specify)]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xiii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. [If Not 
Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(xiv) 
Fallback Pricing Date 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]

--- Page 682 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
683 
(xv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Provisions 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
- 
Rollover Date
[]  
- 
Relevant Month
[]  
Credit Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(i)
Type of Credit Linked Securities: 
(Specify all that apply) 
(a)
Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(b)
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c)
Basket Credit Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
(ii)
Credit Linkage 
(a)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/] (Delete if Credit Linked Securities are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Securities: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked 
Securities are linked to an index of Reference 
Entities) 
(b)
Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard European CoCo Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European

--- Page 683 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
684 
Corporate LPN/Standard Emerging European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate BL/Standard Australia [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. Municipal 
General 
Fund/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal 
Revenue/[]//As specified in the Relevant 
Annex] 
(c)
[Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount 
or 
weighting) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)] []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
(d)
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date 
of Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in 
Final Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)]:  
Primary Obligor:  
[] 
Guarantor:  
[] 
Maturity:  
[] 
Coupon:  
[]

--- Page 684 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
685 
CUSIP/ISIN:  
[] 
Original Issue Amount:  [] 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(e)
Credit Linked Interest 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(f)
Credit-Linked Principal 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(iii)
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery]  
Principal Protection Level: [[ ]%/Not 
applicable] (May be deleted if principal 
protection is not applicable) 
(a)
Settlement Method: 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not 
applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions]

--- Page 685 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
686 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
[Terms 
relating 
to 
Fallback 
Physical 
Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
(b)
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(c)
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(d)
Settlement Currency: 
[As per the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions /[]] 
(iv)
Miscellaneous Credit Terms 
(a)
Credit Event Backstop 
Date:   
[As per the Credit Securities Conditions/The 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date/Issue Date/[]] 
(b)
Credit 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
(c)
Trade Date: 
[] 
(d)
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/ As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
(e)
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(f)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]

--- Page 686 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
687 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type]] 
(g)
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period End Date/Event Determination Date] 
(h)
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable] 
(i)
Additional Credit Linked 
Security 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption redemption basis: [Fair Market 
Value/ ]] 
(j)
Change 
in 
Standard 
Terms 
and 
Market 
Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(k)
Calculation 
and 
Settlement Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
A basket composed of the Share(s) and the 
Ind[ex/ices] each as specified in the column 
entitled "Underlying Asset" in the Underlying 
Asset Table. 
(ii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets −as 
specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 687 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
688 
(b) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c)  
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation (Common Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets −as 
specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b)  
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c)  
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets-as 
specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a)  
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets-as 
specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
FX 
Disruption 
Event/Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event (General 
Note Condition 13): 
[FX Disruption Event is applicable to the 
Notes, General Note Condition 13 and FX 
Linked Condition 4 shall apply/ Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event is applicable to 
the Notes, General Note Condition 13 and FX 
Linked 
Condition 4 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 688 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
689 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/[ ] (specify other 
currency)]. 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Reference Country: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Currency Conversion Reference 
Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
USD/Affected Currency FX Rate: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 /Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Affected Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/Reference Currency/ 
Converted Currency/[]]. 
(b)  
FX Disruption Event Cut-
off Date (General Note 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]]. 
(c)  
Adjusted 
Affected 
Payment Date (General 
Note Condition 2(a)): 
[Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]]. 
(d)  
Affected Payment Cut-off 
Date 
(General 
Note 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default Affected Payment Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(e)  
USD/Affected 
Currency 
FX Rate Fixing Price 
Sponsor Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(f)  
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[[] / Specified Currency]. 
Rounding (General Note Condition 22):
(i) 
Non-Default 
Rounding 
− 
calculation 
values 
and 
percentages: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Fractional Entitlement / Bonus / Perf / 
Underlying Performance / Participation / 
Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price 
(Initial) / Floor / Cap / Strike / FXR / FX 
(Final) / FX (Initial) / Asset FX (Final) / Asset 
FX (Initial) specify other calculation value or 
percentage]: rounded to [insert number] 
decimal place[s]. 
(ii) 
Non-Default Rounding −amounts 
due and payable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All 
amounts 
due 
and 
payable/Final 
Redemption Amount/Interest Amount/Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount/Automatic 
Early

--- Page 689 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
690 
Redemption Amount/ Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) / Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put): rounded [downwards/upwards] 
to next [higher/lower] [] (Specified Sub-Unit 
of relevant currency)]. 
(iii) 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Not Applicable / [Rate of Interest / Margin / 
Participation Rate /specify other amount]: 
rounded to [insert number] decimal place[s]. 
(b) 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[Not Applicable/specify amount]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number] (Specified Sub-Unit of 
relevant currency)]. 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[[ ] (Specify such place(s) as may be 
relevant). Definition of Business Day in 
General 
Note 
Condition 2(a) 
includes 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency of payment)/Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default 
Business 
Day: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
Form of Notes:
[Registered Notes]. 
[Individual Note Certificates]. 
[Global Registered Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates [in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note]]. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating 
to Payment Business Days: 
[Not Applicable] / [] (Specify any Additional 
Financial Centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "Payment Business Day"). Note 
that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, 
to which sub-paragraphs 17(ii) and 17(iv) 
relate)]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default 
Payment 
Business Day:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[As specified in General Note Condition 2(a) 
/ The Principal Financial Centre in relation to 
[insert relevant currency] is [insert relevant 
place(s)]]. 
(If 
Non-Default 
Principal 
Financial Centre is Applicable, specify the

--- Page 690 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
691 
place(s) to be specified as the principal 
financial centre for the relevant currency)] / 
[Not Applicable.] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
−  
Non-Default 
Principal 
Financial Centre: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Instalment 
Notes 
(General 
Note 
Condition 10(m)): 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes are Instalment 
Notes]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Instalment Date: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Initial Instalment Amount: 
[]. 
Minimum Trading Number (General 
Note Condition 5(g)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Permitted Trading Multiple (General 
Note Condition 5(g)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Record 
Date 
(General 
Note 
Condition 11): 
[Specified Day(s) for the purposes of General 
Note Condition 11 ([(ii)/(iii)/(vii)/(viii)]) is: [

] 
[business 
day[s]/Business 
Day[s]/day/Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/Not Applicable]. 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Note 
Condition 18): 
[Marex Financial/[] (specify other)]. 
Governing law: 
[English law] [Insert other governing law]. 
DISTRIBUTION
(If the Notes pay par at redemption and have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 to which Annex 
17 of the PR Regulation applies, specify each of paragraphs 66 and 67 above as Not Applicable)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of [Managers/placers] 
and underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]. 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis 
if such entities are not the same as the 
[Managers/placers].) 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / give name and address]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
Non-exempt Offer:
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by the [Managers/placers] [and] 
[specify, if applicable] other than [pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 691 ---
Form of Final Terms (Notes) 
692 
in [the] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg / Italy] 
(the "Public Offer Jurisdiction[s]") during 
the 
period 
commencing 
on 
([and 
including]/[but excluding]) [specify date] and 
ending on ([and including]/[but excluding]) 
[specify date] (the "Offer Period"). See 
further 
paragraph 
entitled 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Offer" below.]7
 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to  EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
Signed on behalf of Marex Financial: 
By:  
……………………………….. 
Duly authorised 
7
In relation to public offers, include throughout Final Terms as applicable, "indicative" language e.g. "A percentage as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on or around the Initial Valuation Date (being [] based on market conditions and which is specified in a notice 
published by the Calculation Agent on or around such date."

--- Page 692 ---
Other Information 
693 
(Where the Final Terms cover two or more Series of Securities, the table below should be completed for 
all variables which will differ across the different Series. The relevant line item for any such variable in 
the Conditions below should include the following language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in 
the table set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below".)  
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Notes: 
IS
IN
[Com
mon 
Code]
[Valo
ren] 
[Aggre
gate 
Nomin
al 
Amou
nt] 
[Sched
uled 
Maturi
ty 
Date] 
[Valua
tion 
Date(s
)] 
[Final 
Refer
ence 
Date]
[Initia
l 
Valua
tion 
Date]
[Rate of 
Interest] 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[Iss
ue 
Pri
ce]
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount
]  
[Coupon 
Value] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multipli
cand] 
[Coupo
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Redem
ption 
Percent
age] 
[Ca
p] 
[Flo
or] 
[Down
side 
Cap] 
[Bar
rier 
Leve
l] 
[Name 
of 
Share]
[Exchan
ge(s)] 
[
] 
[] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] 
[] 
Tranch
e: [Up 
to] []
[] 
[] / 
[The [[
] 
[Expec
ted 
Schedu
led 
Tradin
g Day / 
Expect
ed 
Comm
on 
Schedu
led 
Tradin
g Day] 
precedi
ng the 
Adjust
ed 
Schedu
led 
Maturi
ty 
Date.]
[The 
Valuati
on 
Date is 
expect
ed to 
be [] 
as of 
the 
date of 
these 
Final 
Terms.
] 
The 
[Valua
tion 
Date] 
[Pricin
g 
Date] 
schedu
led to 
fall on 
[] 
[] 
[[] per 
cent. [per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually/ 
semi-
annually/quar
terly/bi-
monthly/ 
monthly/[]] 
in arrear] 
[
] 
[The [] 
day of 
[month], 
[month] 
(repeat as 
required) 
in each 
calendar 
year 
from, and 
including, 
[] to, 
and 
including, 
[]][] 
(specify 
date(s))[, 
subject to 
adjustme
nt in 
accordanc
e with the 
Business 
Day 
Conventi
on]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjuste
d"/ 
"Unadjust
ed"].] 
[In 
respect of 
a Coupon 
Observati
on Date, 
the date 
set forth 
in the 
Continge
nt 
Coupon 
Table for 
this 
Series of 
Securities 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Date" in 
the row 
correspon
ding to 
such 
Coupon 
Observati
on Date.]
[[] per 
Calculati
on 
Amount]
] 
[][In 
respect 
of a 
Coupon 
Observat
ion Date, 
the 
amount 
set forth 
in the 
Continge
nt 
Coupon 
Table for 
this 
Series of 
Securitie
s in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Value" in 
the row 
correspo
nding to 
the 
Coupon 
Observat
ion 
Date.] 
[] [per 
cent. of 
the Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
[In 
respect 
of a 
Coupon 
Observat
ion Date 
and an 
Underlyi
ng 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
set forth 
for the 
Underlyi
ng Asset 
in the 
Continge
nt 
Coupon 
Table for 
this 
Series of 
Securitie
s in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Barrier 
Level" in 
the row 
correspo
nding to 
the 
Coupon 
Observat
ion 
Date.] 
[] 
[] 
[per 
cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initia
l 
Price
] 
The 
shares 
of the 
[Excha
nge 
Traded 
Fund / 
[The 
[ordinar
y 
shares]  
[] of] 
[Name 
of 
Share(s
) or 
Share 
Issuer] 
/ 
(Bloom
berg: [
]; 
ISIN: [
]) 
(the 
"Share
")]. 
(If the 
Share is 
the 
share of 
an 
Exchan
ge 
Traded 
Fund, 
insert 
the 
followin
g sub-
paragra
ph of 
this 
paragra
ph) 
[− 
Exchan
ge 
Traded 
Fund[s]
: [Name 
of 
Exchan
ge 
Traded 
Fund(s)
] 
(Bloom
berg: [
]; 
ISIN: [
]).]] 
[] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 693 ---
Other Information 
694 
Contingent Coupon Table relating to ISIN [] 
[Coupon Observation 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Payment 
Date] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier] [Coupon 
Value] 
The 
Valuation 
Date 
scheduled to fall on [] 
[add additional rows for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[ ] [add additional 
rows for each Coupon 
Payment Date] 
[ ] [per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] [add 
additional 
rows 
for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date (if 
required)] 
[ ] [add additional 
rows for each Coupon 
Value 
or 
Coupon 
Value Multiplier (if 
required)] 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Index Linked Notes:
ISI
N 
[Com
mon 
Code]
[Valor
en] 
[Aggre
gate 
Nomina
l 
Amoun
t] 
[Sched
uled 
Maturi
ty 
Date] 
[Valua
tion 
Date(s)
] 
[Final 
Referen
ce Date]
[Initia
l 
Valuat
ion 
Date] 
[Rate of 
Interest] 
[Coupon 
Observa
tion 
Date] 
[Iss
ue 
Pric
e] 
[Intere
st 
Payme
nt 
Date(s)
] 
[Coupo
n 
Payme
nt 
Date] 
[Fixed 
Coupo
n 
Amou
nt] 
[Coup
on 
Value] 
[Coup
on 
Value 
Multip
licand]
[Coupo
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Redem
ption 
Percent
age] 
[Ca
p] 
[Flo
or] 
[Dow
nside 
Cap] 
[Barr
ier 
Level
] 
[Name 
of 
Index] 
[Type 
of 
Index]
[Excha
nge(s)] 
[Inde
x 
Spons
or] 
[
] 
[] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] 
[] 
Tranche
: [Up 
to] []
[] 
[] 
The 
[Valuati
on Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
schedule
d to fall 
on []
[] 
[[] per 
cent. [per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually
/ semi-
annually/ 
quarterly
/ bi-
monthly/ 
monthly/ 
[]] in 
arrear] 
[Each 
date set 
forth in 
the 
Continge
nt 
Coupon 
Table for 
this 
Series of 
Securitie
s in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Observat
ion 
Date".] 
[]
[The [
] day 
of 
[month]
, 
[month] 
(repeat 
as 
require
d) in 
each 
calenda
r year 
from, 
and 
includi
ng, [
] to, 
and 
includi
ng, [
]][] 
(specify 
date(s))
[, 
subject 
to 
adjustm
ent in 
accorda
nce 
with the 
Busines
s Day 
Conven
tion]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[
s] shall 
be 
["Adjus
ted"/"U
nadjust
ed"].] 
[In 
respect 
of a 
Coupon 
Observ
ation 
Date, 
the date 
set 
forth in 
the 
Conting
ent 
Coupon 
Table 
for this 
Series 
of 
Securiti
es in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupo
[] 
per 
Calcul
ation 
Amou
nt 
[] 
[In 
respect 
of a 
Coupo
n 
Observ
ation 
Date, 
the 
amoun
t set 
forth in 
the 
Contin
gent 
Coupo
n 
Table 
for this 
Series 
of 
Securit
ies in 
the 
colum
n 
entitle
d 
"Coup
on 
Value" 
in the 
row 
corresp
onding 
to the 
Coupo
n 
Observ
ation 
Date.] 
[] 
[per 
cent. of 
the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
[In 
respect 
of a 
Coupon 
Observa
tion 
Date 
and an 
Underly
ing 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
set forth 
for the 
Underly
ing 
Asset in 
the 
Conting
ent 
Coupon 
Table 
for this 
Series of 
Securiti
es in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupo
n 
Barrier 
Level" 
in the 
row 
correspo
nding to 
the 
Coupon 
Observa
tion 
Date.] 
[] 
[
] 
[]
[] 
[] 
[per 
cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price]
[As 
specifie
d in the 
column 
entitled 
"Underl
ying 
Asset" 
in the 
Underly
ing 
Asset 
Table/T
he 
[Name 
of 
Index] 
(Bloomb
erg: [
]; ISIN: 
[]) 
(the 
"Index"
)]. 
[Unitar
y 
Index / 
Multi-
Excha
nge 
Index]
[[] / 
As 
specifie
d in 
Index 
Linked 
Conditio
n 7/[Not 
Applica
ble]]. 
[]

--- Page 694 ---
Other Information 
695 
n 
Paymen
t Date" 
in the 
row 
corresp
onding 
to such 
Coupon 
Observ
ation 
Date.] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
Contingent Coupon Table relating to ISIN [] 
[Coupon Observation Date] 
[Coupon Payment Date] 
[Coupon Barrier Level] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier] 
[Coupon 
Value] 
The 
Valuation 
Date 
scheduled to fall on [] 
[add additional rows 
for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[ ] [add additional 
rows for each Coupon 
Payment Date] 
[ ] [per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] [add 
additional 
rows 
for 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date (if 
required)] 
[ ] [add additional 
rows for each Coupon 
Value 
or 
Coupon 
Value Multiplier (if 
required)] 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes where 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer is applicable: 
ISIN 
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Call Option Notice 
Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if 
later, the] [The] [ 
]Business Day following 
[each][the 
corresponding] 
Call 
Option Notice Date]/[As 
specified in the Optional 
Redemption 
Table 
relating to this Series in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
[[]/Each date set forth 
in 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Table 
relating to this Series in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Call Option Notice 
Date(s)"]. 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date (Call), [[ ] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[the amount set forth in 
the Optional Redemption 
Table relating to this 
Series in the column 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)" in the 
row corresponding to 
such 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call)]. [Accrued interest 
payable]. 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[Include table if required: 
Optional Redemption Table relating to ISIN: [] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[] [or, [if later, the] [The] [] 
Business Day following the Call 
Option Notice Date] 
[] 
(Repeat table for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 695 ---
Other Information 
696 
OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
[Application [has been/will be] made by [the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) / the placer] for the Notes 
to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.'s MOT (Electronic bond market) (Notes 
which are Credit Linked Securities cannot be 
admitted to trading on MOT) / [] (Specify other 
regulated markets or unregulated markets or 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading 
platforms) with effect from [at the earliest] [the 
Issue Date/specify other date]] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the [Issuer (or on its 
behalf) / the placer] for the Notes to be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/ [] (Specify other regulated markets 
or unregulated markets or multilateral trading 
facilities or other trading platforms) with effect 
from [at the earliest] [the Issue Date/specify other 
date]] / [The Notes will not be listed or admitted 
to trading on any exchange].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application 
for listing and admission to trading will be 
granted (or, if granted, will be granted by the 
Issue Date)] [The Issuer has no duty to maintain 
the listing (if any) of the Notes on the relevant 
stock exchange(s) over their entire lifetime. The 
Notes may be suspended from trading and/or de-
listed at any time in accordance with applicable 
rules and regulations of the relevant [stock 
exchange(s) / indicate other multilateral trading 
facilities or other trading platforms].] 
[The Issuer [will apply / has applied] for 
admission to trading of the Notes on the [SeDeX 
/ EuroTLX] market, a multilateral trading facility 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana. The 
admission to trading of the Notes is expected to 
be by the Issue Date.] (For Credit Linked 
Securities specify SeDeX or EuroTLX markets 
only) 
[Not Applicable]. 
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
RELATED TO THE ADMISSION 
TO TRADING
(If the Notes have a denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 to which Annex 15 of the PR Regulation 
applies, then insert here the expenses in relation 
to the admission to trading if applicable.) / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
LIQUIDITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
AGREEMENTS (If the Notes have a 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 to 
[Name and address of the entities which have a 
firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through

--- Page 696 ---
Other Information 
697 
which Annex 15 of the PR Regulation 
applies, then this paragraph should be 
"Not Applicable".) 
bid and offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment] / [Not Applicable]. 
RATINGS
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]. 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating) 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE [ISSUE/OFFER]
[A selling commission of [up to] [] of the [Issue Price/other] has been paid to the [Managers/placer] 
in respect of this [issue/offer].] 
[]8
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES
(If the Notes have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 to which Annex 15 of the PR Regulation 
applies, then “Reasons for the offer” and “Estimated total expenses” should be "Not Applicable".) 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
providing additional funds for the Issuer's 
operations and for other general corporate 
purposes, will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
8
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest that is material to the issue/offer is different from that set out in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
"Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of Securities ".

--- Page 697 ---
Other Information 
698 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(Include breakdown of expenses) 
(If the Notes are derivative securities to which 
Annex 15, Item 3.2 of the PR Regulation applies 
it is only necessary to include disclosure of net 
proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.)] 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Indication of yield: 
The yield is [].] 
HISTORIC 
INTEREST 
RATES: 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]]. 
PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET
(If the Notes are linked to one or more Underlying Assets and in respect of which Annex 14 and 17 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation applies, then must include details of where information on each 
Underlying Asset can be obtained including an indication of where information about the past and 
future performance and volatility of such Underlying Asset can be obtained by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.) 
[Not Applicable/ [] (specify)]. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Any Clearing System(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify other, give name(s), 
address(es) and number(s))] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Programme Agency Agreement: 
[] 
Names and address of Registrar: 
[] 
Names and address of Fiscal Agent: 
[] 
Names and address of Transfer Agent: 
[] 
Names and address of Italian Paying Agent: 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Operational contact(s) for Fiscal Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No]. 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 698 ---
Other Information 
699 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / [Whilst the designation is specified 
as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(If the Notes have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 to which Annex 15 of the PR Regulation 
applies, then this paragraph should be "Not Applicable".) 
[Offer Period: 
An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
[Managers/placers] 
[and] 
[the 
financial 
intermediary(ies) named below] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in the Public Offer Jurisdictions 
during the period commencing on ([and 
including]/[but excluding]) [ ] and ending on 
([and including]/[but excluding]) []. 
(Include any shorter offer periods to allow for the 
exercise of withdrawal rights by the relevant 
investors) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/[] (specify)]. 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[The offer of the Notes for sale to the public in 
[the] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg / Italy] is 
subject to the relevant regulatory approvals 
having been granted, and the Notes being 
issued/Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[The [minimum/maximum number of Notes 
which can be subscribed by the relevant investors 
is []/Not Applicable/[] (give details)].

--- Page 699 ---
Other Information 
700 
Details of the method and time limits for paying 
up and delivering the Notes: 
[The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys/Not Applicable/[ ] (give 
details)]. 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
 
[The results of the offering will be available on 
the website of [the Issuer/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)/specify other] on or 
around the end of the Offer Period/Not 
Applicable/[] (give details). 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights and 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser. Where 
required and to the extent they are known, 
include those expenses contained in the price: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)]. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None/[] (give details)]. 
Consent to use the Base Prospectus
Identity of financial intermediary(ies) that are 
allowed to use the Base Prospectus:
[insert name and address of any financial 
intermediary which has consent to use the Base 
Prospectus] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or 
final 
placement 
of 
Notes 
by 
financial 
intermediaries can be made: 
[specify] 
Conditions attached to the consent: 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in connection with the making of an 
offer of the Securities to the public requiring the 
prior publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer") 
by the financial intermediary/ies (each, an 
"Authorised Offeror") in [the] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg /Italy]. 
[insert 
any 
other 
clear 
and 
objective 
conditions attached to the consent to use the Base 
Prospectus] 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax 
(If the Notes are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert either of the following 
paragraphs, depending on whether the Notes are subject to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. If the Notes are not Share Linked Securities or Index Linked 
Securities, insert 'Not Applicable'.)

--- Page 700 ---
Other Information 
701 
[If the Notes are subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). The Issuer has determined that, as of the issue 
date of the Notes, the Notes will be subject to withholding under these rules. The tax will be 
imposed at the full withholding tax rate even if investors are otherwise eligible for a reduction 
in the rate under an applicable treaty. See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more comprehensive discussion of the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 
[If the Notes are not subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). The Issuer has determined that, as of the issue 
date of the Notes, the Notes will not be subject to withholding under these rules. In certain 
limited circumstances, however, it is possible for United States alien holders to be liable for tax 
under these rules with respect to a combination of transactions treated as having been entered 
into in connection with each other even when no withholding is required. United States alien 
holders should consult their tax advisor concerning these regulations, subsequent official 
guidance and regarding any other possible alternative characterisations of their Notes for United 
States federal income tax purposes. See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more comprehensive discussion of the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
[[Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name].] (Repeat as necessary)  
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited does not appear 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] [As at the date of these Final Terms, European 
Money Markets Institute appears in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] 
(Additional explanatory language where the statement is negative:) [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [administrator legal name], as administrator of [specify benchmark] (repeat as necessary) 
[is/are] not  required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] 
OR [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[(Include if applicable, include Index disclaimer(s) as part of Annex 28 additional information) 
/ Not Applicable]. 
[SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) SINGAPORE 
[The Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Notice on the Sale of Investment Products (SFA 04−N12) and the Notice on

--- Page 701 ---
Other Information 
702 
Recommendations on Investment Products (FAA-N16) each issued by the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore).] 
[The Notes are capital market products other than prescribed capital market products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Market Products) Regulations 2018) and are Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in the Notice on the Sale of Investment Products (SFA 04−N12) 
and the Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products (FAA-N16) each issued by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore).] 
[If additional information is to be included in accordance with the first two items of Annex 28 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation]

--- Page 702 ---
Other Information 
703 
[ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES] 
[Insert]

--- Page 703 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
704 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or 
otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as described in the above 
paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case 
where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the 
prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the 
United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.]  
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (INSTRUMENTS) 
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION CONTAINED IN 
THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[ISIN: [] 
Common Code: [] 
[Valoren: []] 
[WKN: []] 
[insert other security identification number] 
[Tranche Number: []] 
Pricing Supplement dated []

--- Page 704 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
705 
[insert in the case of an increase of the issue size of a Series of Instruments or Securities: (relating to 
[insert Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] (the "[First][●] Increase", which are consolidated with 
the outstanding [insert designation of the Series of Instruments or Securities: ●] ([WKN ●][●]) 
issued on [insert date of the first issue: ●] [insert additional issue, if applicable: ●] [under the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 September 2021] [under the Base Prospectus dated 30 September 2022] and 
constitute a single issue)]
MAREX FINANCIAL 
(Incorporated with unlimited liability in England) 
Programme for the issuance 
of Warrants, Notes and Certificates 
Issue of [[] Series of][Aggregate Number/Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Warrants/Certificates] in 
Tranche] [Title of Warrants/Certificates] [, due [Maturity Date]] 
(the "[Warrants/Certificates]" or the "Securities") 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Instrument Conditions [and] [, the 
Payout Conditions] [, the Coupon Payout Conditions] [, the Autocall Payout Conditions] [and the 
applicable Underlying Asset Conditions] set forth in the base prospectus dated 30 September 2022 
(expiring on 30 September 2023) (the "Base Prospectus") [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [], [] and []]. This document does not constitute a final terms of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier has neither approved nor reviewed the information contained in this Pricing Supplement and 
the Base Prospectus in connection with the Securities. The Issuer is not offering the Securities in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Securities on behalf of the Issuer 
in any jurisdiction. [In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed that any application 
will be made) for listing of the Securities on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
on Markets in Financial Instruments (as may be amended, from time to time). 
[Specify whether each of the items below is applicable or not applicable. Italics denote guidance for 
completing Pricing Supplement.] 
[Where the Pricing Supplement cover two or more Series of Securities: 
(i) 
the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below 
should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different Series;  
(ii) 
the relevant line item for any such variable in the Conditions below should include the following 
language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in "Specific Provisions for 
each Series" below"; and 
(iii) 
all other provisions in the Conditions below shall be construed as applying separately to each 
Series of Securities.] 
[This Pricing Supplement cover two or more Series of Securities, as specified in the table(s) set out in 
the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below. Unless otherwise specified 
in this Pricing Supplement or the Conditions, the provisions below and the Conditions shall be construed 
as applying separately to each Series of Securities.] [Insert if Pricing Supplement cover two or more 
Series of Securities.]  
Tranche Number: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
include the date on which the 
Instruments become fungible)

--- Page 705 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
706 
Settlement Currency: 
[ ]. (specify defined term for the 
currency if required) 
[Aggregate 
number 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
/ 
Aggregate [Nominal] Amount of 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
in 
the 
Series]: 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [ ]. (specify aggregate 
number or nominal amount) 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [ ]. (specify aggregate 
number or nominal amount) 
(iii) 
Trading 
in 
Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Non-standard 
Securities Format: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Nominal Amount: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]. (delete this 
subparagraph if "Non- standard 
Securities Format" is specified to be 
applicable) 
Issue Price:
[Up 
to] 
[[

] 
per 
[Warrant/Certificate]] [[] per cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
[Nominal] 
Amount]. 
[EUR Issue Price is: EUR []]  
Calculation Amount: 
[]. 
Issue Date: 
[]. 
Maturity Date: 
Scheduled Maturity Date is [ ]. 
[Maturity 
Date 
−Share 
Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)/Maturity 
Date −Index Linked Condition 7 
(Definitions)/Maturity 
Date 
−Commodity Linked Condition 6 
(General Definitions)] / Maturity 
Date − Fund Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions)/ 
Maturity 
Date 
– 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 
8(Definitions] [is/are] applicable]. 
(i) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Determination 
Date (General Instrument 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] 
[Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] [Valuation Date/Last Averaging 
Date/Final 
Pricing 
Date/Pricing 
Date/Final Reference Date [[ ] 
(specify other date)] [corresponding 
to the [Expiration Date/Exercise 
Date]] / [The Final Reference Date to 
fall latest in time] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 706 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
707 
(iii) 
Scheduled 
Determination Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(iv) 
First Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Day(s) for 
the purposes of "First 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[] Business Day[s] following the 
[Scheduled 
Determination 
Date] 
[Relevant Determination Date]. 
 
(v) 
Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Day(s) for 
the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] [Clearing 
System Business Day[s] [calendar 
day[s] []]. 
− 
Maturity 
Date 
Business 
Day 
Convention for the 
purposes of "Second 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
(vi) 
Business 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity 
Date 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
(vii) 
American 
Style 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity 
Date 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment].

--- Page 707 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
708 
 
(viii) 
Maturity 
Date 
Roll 
on 
Payment Date Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity 
Date 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]. 
Underlying Asset(s):
[The] [Share[s] (as defined under 
"Share 
Linked 
Instrument" 
below)] [and the] [Exchange Traded 
Fund[s] (as defined under "Share 
Linked 
Instrument" 
below)] 
[Inde[x/ices] (as defined under 
"Index 
Linked 
Instrument" 
below)] [[] (specify relevant futures 
contract), being the [futures/options] 
contract relating to the Index, with 
the expiration month of [ ] (the 
"Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract")] [Commodit[y/ies] (as 
defined under "Commodity Linked 
Instrument" below)] [FX Rate[s] 
(as defined under "FX Linked 
Instrument" below)] [Fund (as 
defined 
under 
"Fund-Linked 
Instrument" below)] [and the] 
[Futures Contract[s] (as defined 
under "Futures Contract Linked 
Instrument" 
below)] 
[the 
[Reference 
Entity][Reference 
Entities] (as defined under "Credit 
Linked Instrument" below). The 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
are applicable.] (further particulars 
specified below) [Not Applicable]. 
VALUATION PROVISIONS
[Valuation / Pricing] Date(s): 
[] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. (Delete one or both of 
the 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph if not required) 
[If Maturity Date Roll on Payment 
Date Adjustment is specified to be 
applicable, insert:] 
The [ ] [Expected Scheduled 
Trading Day / Expected Common 
Scheduled Trading Day] preceding 
the Adjusted Scheduled Maturity 
Date.]

--- Page 708 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
709 
[The Valuation Date is expected to 
be [] as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement.] 
 
[− 
Final Reference Date: 
[The [Valuation Date]/[Pricing Date] 
[scheduled to fall on [ ]]] 
[immediately preceding the Maturity 
Date] [As specified in the Conditions 
in 
respect 
of 
American 
Style 
Warrants]. 
 
[− 
Number of Relevant Days 
for the purposes of "Final 
Reference Date":] 
[ ] [Business Days/Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days/Fund 
Calculation Days/ Scheduled Futures 
Contract Business Days/ days] [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
[− 
Lookback Observation Date: 
[Each 
Valuation 
Date] 
[The 
Valuation Dates scheduled to fall on 
[]] [Not Applicable]. 
Entry Level Observation Dates:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[ ] [The First Entry Level 
Observation Date, and each of the [
] [Scheduled Trading Days for such 
Underlying 
Asset] 
[Common 
Scheduled Trading Days for all 
Underlying Assets] following the 
First Entry Level Observation Date]. 
 
− 
First 
Entry 
Level 
Observation Date 
[], or if such day is not a [Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying 
Asset] [Common Scheduled Trading 
Day for all Underlying Assets], the 
first following [Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying Asset] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Day 
for all Underlying Assets]. 
(i) 
Entry Level: 
[Lowest / Highest] is Applicable. 
(ii) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[ ] [The [Initial Valuation Date / 
Initial Pricing Date] scheduled to fall 
on] [ ] [(and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the 
Entry Level Observation Period)] 
[Not Applicable].

--- Page 709 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
710 
(b) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[]] [The [Initial Valuation Date / 
Initial Pricing Date] scheduled to fall 
on] [ ]] [(and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the 
Entry Level Observation Period)] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Specified Date: 
[Scheduled Trading Day] [Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(iii) 
Consequences 
of 
Non-
Scheduled Trading Days, 
Non-Common 
Disrupted 
Days or Disrupted Days in 
respect of an Entry Level 
Observation Date: 
(a) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.2:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
 
Postpone
ment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement
: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 7] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7] [[ ] (specify 
number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 
1.4: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
 
Postpone
ment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement
: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 7] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7] [[ ] (specify 
number of days)] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 710 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
711 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 
1.6: 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
 
Postpone
ment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement
: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 7] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7] [[ ] (specify 
number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 
1.8: 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II)
 
Postpone
ment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement
: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked 
Condition 7] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7] [[ ] (specify 
number of days)] [Not Applicable]. 
(V) 
No 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Initial Valuation / Pricing Date(s)]: 
[] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Averaging 
Dates/Pricing Dates]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
[Initial 
Averaging 
Date(s)/Initial 
Pricing 
Date(s)]: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 711 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
712 
 
(iii) 
[Last Averaging Date/Final 
Pricing Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(iv) 
[Last 
Initial 
Averaging 
Date/Last 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(v) 
[Final Set First Averaging 
Date/Final Set First Pricing 
Date]: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Number of 
[Scheduled Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity Business 
Days] 
for 
the 
purposes of ["Final 
Set 
of 
Averaging 
Dates"/"Final Set of 
Pricing Dates"]: 
[ ] [Scheduled Trading Days] 
[Scheduled Commodity Business 
Days]. 
(vi) 
Initial 
Average 
Price: 
[Initial Average Share Price] [Initial 
Average Closing Share Price] [Initial 
Average Share Reference Price] 
[Initial Average Index Level] [Initial 
Average 
Closing 
Index 
Level] 
[Initial Average Index Reference 
Price] [Initial Average Commodity 
Price] [Initial Average Commodity 
Reference Price] [The arithmetic 
means of the FX Rates on each of the 
Initial 
Averaging 
Date] 
[The 
arithmetic mean of the NAV on each 
of the Initial Averaging Dates] 
[Initial Average Futures Contract 
Price] 
[Initial 
Average 
Futures 
Contract Reference Price] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Asset Initial Price:
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset,] [ ] [, being] [the] [Initial 
Closing Price] [Initial Average 
Price] [Initial Price] [Entry Level] 
[of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, the amount set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Asset Initial Price" 
[in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying 
Asset]] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference 
Date: 
[[Latest Reference Date / Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of 
the] [Final Reference Date / Last 
Averaging Date / Final Pricing Date] 
[Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Initial Reference 
Date: 
[[Latest Reference Date / Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of 
the] [Initial Reference Date / Last

--- Page 712 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
713 
Initial Averaging Date / Last Initial 
Pricing Date] [Not Applicable]. 
FX (Final) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] 
[Final FX Valuation Date] [] [FX 
Business Day(s) / Business Day(s) / 
calendar day(s) following []] [] 
[(specify date)] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
− 
FX 
Specified 
Days 
for 
"Adjusted 
Final 
FX 
Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication 
Fixing Day[s] / calendar days] [Not 
Applicable]. 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date:
[Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date] 
[Initial FX Valuation Date] [[ ] 
(specify number) [FX Business 
Day[s] / Business Day[s] / calendar 
days] following []] [[] (specify 
date)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
− 
FX 
Specified 
Days 
for 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
FX 
Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication 
Fixing Day[s] / calendar days] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Final FX Valuation Date:
[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset,] [the Final Reference Date / 
the Last Averaging Date / the Final 
Pricing Date] for such Underlying 
Asset] 
[(specify 
date)] 
[Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Initial FX Valuation Date:
[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset,] [Initial Reference Date / the 
Last Initial Averaging Date / the Last 
Initial Pricing Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [
] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS
Coupon Payout Conditions:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 713 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
714 
Interest Basis: 
[[[ ] per cent.] Fixed Rate] [and] 
[[EURIBOR/[ ] (specify other)] 
[+/– [ ] per cent.] Floating Rate] 
[and] [and] [Conditional Coupon] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[subject 
as 
provided in the Coupon Payout 
Conditions]. 
 
[(i)] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date] [[ ] (Specify)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
[(ii) 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[Issue Date] [The [date on which the] 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall on] [] [is scheduled to fall]] [[
] (Specify)] [Not Applicable]. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Conditions 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 
11):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notional 
Amount 
per Instrument: 
[] per Instrument. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/bi-
monthly/monthly/[]] in arrear] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Determined 
in 
accordance with General Instrument 
Condition 11(d) [and/or the Coupon 
Payout Conditions] and set forth in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the 
column entitled "Rate of Interest"]. 
(iii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[The [] day of [month], [month] 
(repeat as required) in each calendar 
year from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [] (specify date(s))[, 
subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. 
[The Interest Period[s] shall be 
["Adjusted"/"Unadjusted"].] 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Notional Amount per 
Instrument] [As set forth in the 
Interest Rate Table below in the 
column entitled "Fixed Coupon 
Amount"] [Not Applicable]. 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Fixed 
Coupon Amount)] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph) 
-
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation Date: 
[].] 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Notional Amount per 
Instrument payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] 
[and] [] (Insert particulars of any

--- Page 714 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
715 
initial or broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the 
Interest Payment Date(s) to which 
they relate)] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis]. 
 
(vii) 
Step 
Up 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 11(d)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention /Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention / No Adjustment]. 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
Interest Rate Table
[Interest Period] 
[Rate of Interest] 
[Fixed Coupon Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the [Fixed Interest 
Commencement Date] [and ending on (but 
excluding) [the date on which] the Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
[[] per Calculation Amount 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the [date on which 
the] [Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on [] 
[is scheduled to fall]] [and ending on (but excluding) 
[the date on which] the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[repeat as required] 
[[] per cent. per annum 
[repeat as required]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount 
[repeat as required]] 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions (General Instrument 
Condition 12): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted]. 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[The [] day of [month], [month] 
(repeat as required) in each calendar 
year from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [] (specify date(s)). 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention /Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified

--- Page 715 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
716 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Nearest/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention / No Adjustment]. 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA 
Determination] 
[and] 
[Steepener 
Floating Rate Conditions]. 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 12(c)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in 
respect of [each Interest Period] [in 
respect of which the Interest Basis is 
specified to be "Floating Rate" in the 
table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] 
[each Interest Period in respect of 
which "Screen Rate Determination" 
is specified to be applicable in the 
Interest Rate Table below in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Bloomberg Page/Reuters Screen] 
shall prevail. 
(b) 
Reference 
Rate 
Currency: 
[ ] [In respect of the Primary 
Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Rate Currency" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(c) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Any relevant day] [[ ] Rate 
Business Days prior to [any relevant 
day] [the [ ] day of the relevant 
Interest Period] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column 
entitled 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)" in the row corresponding to 
the Primary Reference Rate or the 
Secondary 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)]. 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page(s): 
[Bloomberg Page: [ ]] [and] 
[Reuters Screen: []] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column 
entitled "Relevant Screen Page(s)" in 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)].

--- Page 716 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
717 
(e) 
Relevant Maturity: 
[ ] [In respect of the Primary 
Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Relevant Maturity" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column 
entitled "Relevant Time" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(g) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[] [TARGET] [US Govt SBD][In 
respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference 
Rate, as set out in the table below in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Relevant 
Financial 
Centre" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Specified Time for 
the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"Reference Rate " in 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 12(c)(ii): 
[] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column 
entitled "Specified Time for the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
"Reference 
Rate" 
in 
General 
Instrument Condition 12(c)(ii)" in 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary 
Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(i) 
Reference Rate 0% 
Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In 
respect of the Primary Reference 
Rate and the Secondary Reference 
Rate, as set out in the table below in 
the column entitled "Reference Rate 
0% Floor" in the row corresponding 
to the Primary Reference Rate or 
Secondary 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)] 
(j) 
Multiple Screen Rate 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. [The 
Primary Reference Rate is applicable 
in respect of each Interest Period in 
respect of which "Primary Reference 
Rate" is specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period 
below. 
The 
Secondary 
Reference Rate is applicable in

--- Page 717 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
718 
respect of each Interest Period in 
respect 
of 
which 
"Secondary 
Reference Rate" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table 
in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period].] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
[Reference Rate 
Currency] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Screen 
Page(s)] 
[Relevant 
Maturity] 
[Relevant 
Time] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre]
[Specified 
Time for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "Reference 
Rate" in 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 
12(c)(ii)] 
[Reference Rate 
0% Floor] 
Direct 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
Fallback: 
Primary 
Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any relevant day] [[*] 
Rate Business Days 
prior to [any relevant 
day] [the [] day of 
the relevant Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: [
]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: []] 
[] 
[[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Secondary 
Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any relevant day] [[
] Rate Business Days 
prior to [any relevant 
day] [the [] day of 
the relevant Interest 
Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: [
]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: []] 
[] 
[[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General 
Instrument Condition 12(d):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily SOFR 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable, unless either of 
Compounded Daily SOFR (Shift) or 
Index Determination is applicable) 
-
Compunded Daily SOFR 
(Shift):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, 
unless 
Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag) is 
applicable) 
-
p:  
[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business  Day(s) (Specify for 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date] (N.B. This 
should not be more than the number 
of days specified as "p")
 
(vii) 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 718 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
719 
Instrument 
Condition 
(12(e)): 
-
Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lag):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, 
unless 
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift) is 
applicable) 
-
Compounded Daily €STR 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, 
unless 
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag) is 
applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] TARGET2 Settlement Days 
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] TARGET2 Settlement Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date (N.B. this should not be 
more than the number of days 
specified as "p") 
 
(viii) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 12(f)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in 
respect of] [each Interest Period] [in 
respect of which the Interest Basis is 
specified to be "Floating Rate" in the 
table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] 
[each Interest Period in respect of 
which "ISDA Determination" is 
specified to be applicable in the 
Interest Rate Table below in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
Definitions][2021 
Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA 
Rate and the Secondary ISDA Rate, 
as set out in the table below in the 
column entitled "Floating Rate 
Option" in the row corresponding to 
the Primary ISDA Rate or Secondary 
ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" shall 
be the [ ] [Business Day] [ ] 
(specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date]. 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA 
Rate and the Secondary ISDA Rate, 
as set out in the table below in the 
column 
entitled 
"Designated 
Maturity" in the row corresponding

--- Page 719 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
720 
to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary 
ISDA 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)].[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] 
[The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last day of an Interest 
Period] [The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period 
is 
scheduled to end [] (specify)] [In 
respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set 
out in the table below in the column 
entitled "Reset Date" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA 
Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(e) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Avera
ging Method: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set 
out in the table below in the column 
entitled 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/Averaging 
Method" in the row corresponding to 
the Primary ISDA Rate or Secondary 
ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f)
 Lookback/Observat
ion Period Shift: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set 
out in the table below in the column 
entitled 
"Lookback/Observation 
Period 
Shift" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA 
Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)]. [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
ISDA Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In 
respect of the Primary ISDA Rate 
and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set 
out in the table below in the column 
entitled "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary 
ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate 
(as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Multiple 
ISDA 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. [The 
Primary ISDA Rate is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in 
respect of which "Primary ISDA 
Rate" is specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period. The Secondary ISDA Rate is 
applicable in respect of each Interest 
Period 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
"Secondary ISDA Rate" is specified 
to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled

--- Page 720 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
721 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period.] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the table below) 
 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Floating Rate 
Option]
[Designated 
Maturity]
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/ 
Averaging 
Method]
[Lookback/ 
Observation 
Period Shift]
[Reset Date]
Primary ISDA 
Rate
[]. 
["Non-
Standard ISDA 
Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag 
Specified Day" 
shall be the [
] 
[Business 
Day] 
[ ] 
(specify other 
type of day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.]
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[[

] 
Applicable 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with Lookback 
applies) 
[[

] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies)
[First/[]] da
of an Intere
Period / Th
Interest 
Payment Dat
following 
th
last day of a
Interest Perio
/ 
The 
da
[following/on 
which] 
a
Interest Perio
is scheduled t
end / [ 
(specify)].
Secondary 
ISDA Rate
[]. 
["Non-
Standard ISDA 
Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag 
Specified Day" 
shall be the [
] 
[Business 
Day] 
[ ] 
(specify other 
type of day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.]
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable]
[[

] 
Applicable 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with Lookback 
applies) 
[[

] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies) 
[[First/[ 
day 
of 
a
Interest Perio
/ The Intere
Payment Dat
following 
th
last day of a
Interest Perio
/ 
The 
da
[following/on 
which] 
a
Interest Perio
is scheduled t
end / [ 
(specify)].
 
(ix) 
Steepener 
Floating 
Rate 
Conditions 
(General 
Instrument Condition 12(g)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in 
respect of [each Interest Period] [in 
respect of which the Interest Basis is 
specified to be "Floating Rate" in the 
table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] 
[each Interest Period in respect of 
which the "Steepener Floating Rate 
Instrument Provisions" are specified 
to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table below in the column entitled 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate

--- Page 721 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
722 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period.]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiple 
Steepener 
Rates: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Steepener Rate 1 is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in 
respect of which "Steepener Rate 1" 
is specified to be applicable in the 
Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period. 
Steepener 
Rate 
2 
is 
applicable in respect of each Interest 
Period 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
"Steepener Rate 2" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table 
in the column entitled "Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument 
Conditions" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period]. 
(b) 
ISDA Rate 1: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" shall 
be the [ ] [Business Day] [ ] 
(specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] 
[The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last day of an Interest 
Period] [The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period 
is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 1 Cap" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 1 Floor"

--- Page 722 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
723 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
ISDA Rate 2: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" shall 
be the [ ] [Business Day] [ ] 
(specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] 
[The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last day of an Interest 
Period] [The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period 
is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 2 Cap" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 2 Floor" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
ISDA Rate 3: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" shall 
be the [ ] [Business Day] [ ] 
(specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] 
[The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last day of an Interest 
Period] [The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period 
is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)].

--- Page 723 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
724 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 3 Cap" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 3 Floor" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
ISDA Rate 4: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]. 
["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-Standard 
ISDA Rate Lag Specified Day" shall 
be the [ ] [Business Day] [ ] 
(specify other type of day) preceding 
the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] 
[The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last day of an Interest 
Period] [The day [following/on 
which] 
an 
Interest 
Period 
is 
scheduled to end] [[] (specify)]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 4 Cap" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "ISDA Rate 4 Floor" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[In respect of each Interest Period, 
[+/−] [] per cent. per annum] [In 
respect of an Interest Period, the 
amount set forth in the Interest Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled

--- Page 724 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
725 
"Margin" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period]. 
(xi) 
Participation Rate: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
]] [In respect of an Interest Period, 
the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Participation Rate" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period]. 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Minimum Rate of 
Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such 
Interest 
Period] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [
] per cent. per annum] [In respect of 
an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Maximum Rate of 
Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such 
Interest 
Period] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as specified in the 
Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Day Count Fraction" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. 
(xv) 
Specified Period: 
[ ] (Specify if Floating Rate 
Convention 
is 
the 
applicable 
Business Day Convention) [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(xvi) 
Capped Floored Floating 
Rate Instrument Conditions 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 12(i)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in 
respect of [each Interest Period] [the 
Interest Periods commencing on 
(and including) [ ]] each Interest 
Period in respect of which the 
"Capped Floored Floating Rate 
Instrument Conditions" are specified 
to be applicable in the Interest Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Applicable 
Floating 
Rate 
Instrument Conditions" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Interest 
Period].

--- Page 725 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
726 
(xvii) 
Cut-off Date: 
[Applicable – [] Business Day[s] 
[Not Applicable]. 
 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
Interest Rate Table
Change of Interest Basis (General 
Instrument Condition 13):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Delete table or column if not 
required] 
[Interest Period(s)] 
[Interest Basis] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing 
on 
(and 
including) 
the 
[Fixed/Floating] Interest Commencement Date 
[and ending on (but excluding) [the date on 
which] the Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall on [] [is scheduled to fall] 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on [ ] [and 
ending on (but excluding) [the date on which] the 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on [] [is 
scheduled to fall] (repeat as required) 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
Conditional 
Coupon 
(Coupon 
Payout Condition 1.3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Deferred 
Conditional Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Memory 
Coupon 
(Deferred): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the 
definition of "Coupon Payment 
Event" in the Coupon Payout 
Conditions, 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Coupon 
Barrier Level] [Coupon Barrier 
Reference Value less than [or equal 
to] Coupon Barrier Level 1 and 
greater than [or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier Level 2] is applicable in 
respect of each Coupon Observation

--- Page 726 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
727 
Date] [in respect of each Coupon 
Observation 
Date, 
the 
Coupon 
Payment Event applicable to such 
Coupon Observation Date is set forth 
in the Contingent Coupon Table in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Event" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
[Coupon Payment Event (Inverse) is 
applicable.] 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference Value: 
[Coupon Barrier Closing Price] 
[Coupon Barrier Basket Value] 
[Coupon Barrier Asset Performance] 
[Coupon Barrier Intraday Price] 
[Coupon Basket Value] [In respect 
of a Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
applicable 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date is set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column "Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date]. (If 
Coupon Barrier Basket Value or 
Coupon 
Basket 
Value 
is 
not 
specified, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph (iv))
[Coupon Barrier Reference Value 
(Inverse) is applicable [to all Coupon 
Observation Dates] [to the following 
Coupon 
Observation 
Dates: 
[specify].] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable in respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date as set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column "Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date.] 
− 
Weight (i): 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[] (specify amount) [as set forth in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying Asset]. 
(v) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset and each Coupon Observation 
Date,] [] (specify amount)[, being] 
[[ ] per cent. of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the 
amount set forth for the Underlying

--- Page 727 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
728 
Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon Barrier Level" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Level 1: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset and each Coupon Observation 
Date,] [] (specify amount)[, being] 
[[ ] per cent. of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the 
amount set forth for the Underlying 
Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Level 2: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset and each Coupon Observation 
Date,] [] (specify amount)[, being] 
[[ ] per cent. of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the 
amount set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table for the Underlying 
Asset in the column "Coupon Barrier 
Level 2" in the row corresponding to 
the Coupon Observation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation Date: 
[The [Valuation Date(s) / Pricing 
Date(s)] scheduled to fall on] [ ] 
(specify dates) [Each date set forth in 
the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Observation Date"]. 
(vii) 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 728 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
729 
(b) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
deemed to be Asset 
Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Coupon Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying 
Asset, [a] [the] Coupon Observation 
Date and the Coupon Observation 
Period 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon Observation Date, [] [the 
Initial Reference Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
immediately 
preceding such Coupon Observation 
Date] [or, if there is no immediately 
preceding 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, the Initial Reference Date] [for 
such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Contingent Coupon 
Table below in the column entitled 
"Coupon Observation Period Start 
Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date] (and 
such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded 
from] 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Period)]. 
(d) 
Coupon Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying 
Asset, [a] [the] Coupon Observation 
Date and the Coupon Observation 
Period 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon Observation Date, [] [such 
Coupon Observation Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified 
in the Contingent Coupon Table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date] (and 
such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded 
from] 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Period)]. 
(viii) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Coupon Value: 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [ ] (specify 
amount or percentage) [In respect of 
a Coupon Observation Date, the 
amount set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon 
Value" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, either the 
Multi-Coupon Value 1 or Multi-
Coupon Value 2 corresponding to 
such Coupon Observation Date as 
determined in accordance with the

--- Page 729 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
730 
Conditions] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier 
Method 
is 
[not] 
applicable.]. 
(If 
Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier Method is not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph). 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the 
Coupon Amount) determined on the 
basis of the Coupon Value.] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
- 
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation Date: 
[]. 
- 
Coupon 
Value 
Multiplicand: 
[].]
(x) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
[] (specify date) [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, the date 
set forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon Payment Date" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [Maturity Date] 
[Not Applicable]. 
[The Coupon Payment Date shall be: 
(i) 
the 
Autocall 
Payment Date following the 
first Autocall Observation 
Date (if any) on which an 
Autocall Event occurs; or 
(ii) 
if no Autocall Event occurs 
on 
any 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
the 
Maturity Date]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
First 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the 
Coupon Payment Dates scheduled to 
fall on [ ] (specify dates)] [each 
Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Maturity 
Date] 
[each 
Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in respect 
of which the column "Adjusted as a 
Coupon Payment Date" is specified 
to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified Number of 
Business Day(s) for 
[] Business Day[s] following the 
[Scheduled 
Coupon 
Observation

--- Page 730 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
731 
the purposes of "First 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
Date] [Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date]. 
− 
Relevant 
Coupon 
Payment 
Determination Date: 
The [Latest Reference Date in 
respect of] the [Coupon Observation 
Date [corresponding to/immediately 
preceding] such Coupon Payment 
Date] [] (specify other date) [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Second 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the 
Coupon Payment Dates scheduled to 
fall on [ ] (specify dates)] [each 
Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Maturity 
Date] 
[each 
Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in respect 
of which the column "Adjusted as a 
Coupon Payment Date" is specified 
to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified Number of 
Business Day(s) for 
the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[] Business Days. 
− 
Relevant 
Coupon 
Payment 
Determination Date: 
The [Latest Reference Date in 
respect of the] Coupon Observation 
Date [corresponding to/immediately 
preceding] such Coupon Payment 
Date] [] (specify other date)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
(xi) 
Multi-Coupon 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multi-Coupon Value 
Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset and each Coupon Observation 
Date,] [] (specify amount)[, being] 
[[ ] per cent. of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the 
amount set forth for the Underlying 
Asset in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Multi-
Coupon Value Barrier Level" in the

--- Page 731 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
732 
row corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(b) 
Multi-Coupon Value 
1: 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [ ] (specify 
amount) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Multi-
Coupon Value 1" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(c) 
Multi-Coupon Value 
2: 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [ ] (specify 
amount) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Multi-
Coupon Value 2" in the row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(xii) 
Simultaneous 
Coupon Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate 
Coupon 
Amounts] 
[Highest Coupon Amount] [Lowest 
Coupon Amount] [Average Coupon 
Amount] is applicable]. 
Contingent Coupon Table 
AUTOCALL 
PAYOUT 
CONDITIONS 
Automatic Early Exercise (General 
Instrument Condition 15): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Applicable Date(s): 
[ ] [Each Autocall Observation 
Date] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise Date(s): 
[ ] [Each date set forth in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled 
"Automatic Early Exercise Date"] [[
] Business Day[s] following the 
Applicable Date]. 
(a) 
First Automatic Early 
Exercise 
Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 732 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
733 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s) 
for 
the 
purposes of "First 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Clearing 
System Business Day[s] / calendar 
day[s] following the [Scheduled 
Applicable 
Date] 
[Relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Determination Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in 
respect of the] Applicable Date 
corresponding to such Scheduled 
Automatic Early Exercise Date] [The 
Applicable Date corresponding to 
such Scheduled Automatic Early 
Exercise Date] [The Applicable Date 
falling latest in time corresponding 
to such Scheduled Automatic Early 
Exercise Date] [ ]. (specify other 
date) 
(b) 
Second 
Automatic 
Early Exercise Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s) 
for 
the 
purposes of "Second 
Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[In respect of each Applicable Date 
corresponding 
to 
a 
Scheduled 
Automatic Early Exercise Date,] [] 
[Business Day[s] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s] [
]] [as specified in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled "Automatic 
Early Exercise Specified Day(s)" in 
the row corresponding to such 
Applicable Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Determination Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in 
respect of the] [Last Autocall 
Averaging Date / Final Autocall 
Pricing Date] [Applicable Date 
corresponding to such Scheduled 
Automatic Early Exercise Date] [The 
Applicable Date falling latest in time 
corresponding to such Scheduled 
Automatic Early Exercise Date] [] 
(specify other date) 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Exercise 
Amount(s): 
[] [In respect of each Applicable 
Date, the Autocall Event Amount 
corresponding to such Applicable 
Date]. 
Autocall Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall Event: 
Applicable, [for the purposes of the 
definition of "Autocall Event" in the 
Autocall Payout Conditions, [Best-
of] [Worst-of] [Autocall Reference 
Value] [less than] [greater than] [or

--- Page 733 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
734 
equal to] [[the] [its] Autocall Level] 
[Targeted 
Accrual 
Autocall] 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Autocall Observation Date] [in 
respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, the Autocall Event applicable 
to such Autocall Observation Date is 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column "Autocall Event" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date]. 
[Autocall 
Event 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable 
[to 
all 
Autocall 
Observation Dates] [to the following 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates: 
[specify].] [Autocall Event (Inverse) 
is applicable in respect of each 
Autocall Observation Date as set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column "Autocall Event" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date".] 
− 
No Coupon Amount 
payable 
following 
Autocall Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Daily 
Autocall 
Event Amount: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
(b) 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Autocall Reference 
Value: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall 
Average Price] [Autocall Basket 
Value] 
[Autocall 
Asset 
Performance] [In respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, the 
Autocall Reference Value applicable 
to such Autocall Observation Date is 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column "Autocall Reference Value" 
in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date]. (If 
Autocall 
Basket 
Value 
is 
not 
specified or the definition of Autocall 
Reference Value does not require the 
determination of the Autocall Asset 
Performance, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
sub-
paragraph) 
[Autocall Reference Value (Inverse) 
is 
applicable 
[to 
all 
Autocall 
Observation Dates] [to the following 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates:

--- Page 734 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
735 
[specify].] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value (Inverse) is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date as set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall 
Reference 
Value" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date.] 
(a) 
Autocall Asset Price: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall 
Average Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Weight: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying 
Asset, [ ] (specify amount)] [In 
respect of [], [] (specify amount)] 
[as set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Autocall Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Autocall 
Observation Date and [the/each] 
Underlying 
Asset,] 
[(specify 
Underlying Asset)] [ ] (specify 
amount)[, being] [[] of the Asset 
Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [(repeat for each Underlying 
Asset as required)] [In respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date [and an 
Underlying 
Asset], 
the 
[value] 
[percentage of the Asset Initial Price 
of such Underlying Asset] set forth 
in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall 
Level" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 

Autocall Level Comparative 
Method: 
[Applicable in respect of [[each/the] 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date[s] 
[falling on the Valuation Date[s] 
scheduled to fall on []]] [Autocall 
Level 
Comparative 
Method 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Autocall Observation Date as set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column 
"Autocall 
Level 
Comparative Method" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(delete the following sub-paragraphs 
if "Autocall Level Comparative 
Method" is Not Applicable) 

Autocall Asset Comparative 
Price Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall 
on [*]. 

Autocall Level Floor: 
[In respect of [each/the] Autocall 
Observation Date[s] [falling on the 
Valuation Date[s] scheduled to fall

--- Page 735 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
736 
on [ ]]] [ ] [In respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date and each 
Underlying Asset, the [amount] 
[percentage] set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall 
Level" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date]. 
(v) 
Autocall 
Observation Date: 
[The [Valuation Date] [Pricing Date] 
[Averaging Date] scheduled to fall 
on [ ] (specify applicable dates) 
[Each date set forth in the Autocall 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Autocall Observation Date"]/[Each 
Observation Date (closing valuation) 
falling in the Autocall Observation 
Period]. 
− 
Specified Number of 
[Scheduled Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity Business 
Days] 
for 
the 
purposes of ["Set of 
Autocall Averaging 
Dates"/"Set 
of 
Autocall 
Pricing 
Dates"]: 
[ ] [Scheduled Trading Days / 
Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days]. 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Observation Period: 
Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying 
Asset/[],] [] (specify date) / the 
date specified in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled "Autocall 
Observation Period Start Date" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying Asset. 
(c) 
Autocall Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying 
Asset/[],] [] (specify date) / the 
date specified in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled " Autocall 
Observation Period End Date" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying Asset.

--- Page 736 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
737 
(vii) 
Autocall 
Event 
Amount: 
In 
respect 
of 
each 
Autocall 
Observation Date, [[ ] (specify 
amount) [the amount set forth in the 
Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Event Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date]] / [the Daily 
Autocall 
Event 
Amount] 
[the 
Autocall Floored Weighted Basket 
Event Amount corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date]. (if 
the Autocall Event Amount is not the 
Autocall Floored Weighted Basket 
Event Amount, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the 
Autocall Event Amount)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation Date:
[].]
(a) 
Autocall 
Protection 
Level: 
[]. 
(b) 
Autocall Event Floor 
Amount: 
[ ] [In respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column 
"Autocall 
Event 
Floor 
Amount" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date"]. 
(viii) 
Simultaneous 
Autocall Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate 
Autocall 
Event 
Amounts] [Highest Autocall Event 
Amount] [Lowest Autocall Event 
Amount] [Average Autocall Event 
Amount] is applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Autocall Observation Period 
(Per AOD): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall Observation 
Period Start Date (Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying 
Asset, 
[an] 
[the] 
Autocall 
Observation Date and the Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall

--- Page 737 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
738 
Observation Date, [ ] [the Initial 
Reference 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Underlying Asset] [the Autocall 
Observation 
Date 
immediately 
preceding such Autocall Observation 
Date] [or, if there is no immediately 
preceding 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, the Initial Reference Date] [for 
such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Autocall Table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Autocall Observation Period Start 
Date (Per AOD)" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] such Autocall Observation 
Period (Per AOD))]. 
(c) 
Autocall Observation 
Period End Date (Per 
AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying 
Asset, 
[an] 
[the] 
Autocall 
Observation Date and the Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date, [] [such Autocall 
Observation 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified 
in the Autocall Table below in the 
column 
entitled 
"Autocall 
Observation Period End Date (Per 
AOD)" in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date] 
(and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded 
from] 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Period (Per AOD))]. 
 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
AUTOCALL TABLE 
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT AND PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Settlement: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Settlement] [Credit Linked 
Redemption as per Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions and paragraph 
52]  is applicable.

--- Page 738 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
739 
Single 
Limb 
Payout 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1):  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Participation 
Security 
(Payout Condition 1.1(a)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[] 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
−
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column "Reference 
Price 
(Initial)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Participation FX Security 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(ii)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum

--- Page 739 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
740 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(b) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] / []. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
 
(iii) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.].

--- Page 740 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
741 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
 
(iv) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Performance) 
(Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(iv)):
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
−
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
 
(v)         Redemption 
Percentage 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.1(a)(v)): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
Redemption Percentage:
[] / [Not Applicable].] 
Multiple Limb Payout (Payout 
Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger 
Event 
(Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Payout 1: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 741 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
742 
− 
Trigger Percentage: 
[]. 
(b) 
Trigger Payout 2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Floored 
Weighted Basket Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
−
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Event Floor 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Protection 
Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Payout 3: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
− 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(d) 
Trigger Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Trigger Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Payout 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(A)):
Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[] [Insert amount].

--- Page 742 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
743 
 
(iii) 
Payout 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(A)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Payout 
3 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(C)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[].

--- Page 743 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
744 
(e) 
Reference 
Price 
(Call): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price]. 
(f) 
Reference 
Price 
(Put): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price]. 
(g) 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(i) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(v) 
Payout 
4 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(D)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
−
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 744 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
745 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(vi) 
Payout 
5 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(E)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[].

--- Page 745 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
746 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(vii) 
Payout 
6 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(F)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(b) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
−
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[].

--- Page 746 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
747 
(e) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(viii) 
Payout 
7 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(G)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] [].

--- Page 747 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
748 
(g) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(ix) 
Payout 
8 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(H)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(c) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 748 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
749 
 
(x) 
Payout 
9 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(I)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Perf:
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[]. 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(f) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(xi) 
Payout 
10 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(J)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 749 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
750 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[]. 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[] 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(f) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(i) 
Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(j) 
Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 750 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
751 
 
(xii) 
Payout 
11 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(K)):
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf:
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Local Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Local Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Cash Settlement 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A)): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, for the 
purpose 
of 
Payout 
Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A) [Single Asset] [Worst of 
Basket] [Best of Basket] [Minimum 
Percentage] 
[Weighted 
Basket] 
[Buffered 
Downside] 
[Basket 
Buffered Downside] [and Final 
Asset FX] [and Booster] [and FXR] 
[and Downside Put] is applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the

--- Page 751 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
752 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum 
Percentage: 
[[]] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] / [Final 
Average Price] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Initial 
Value" in the row corresponding to 
such 
Underlying 
Asset] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Downside Cap: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Downside Floor: 
[ ] [Insert amount] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Asset FX: 
[Non-Inverse Return] / [Inverse 
Return] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Buffer Level: 
[] (insert amount)[, being [] per 
cent. [of the Asset Initial Price] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
(i) 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Final Closing Price] 
[Final Average Price] [Lookback 
Price] / [Not Applicable]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
(j) 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [[] per cent. of the] 
[Initial Closing Price] [Initial Price] 
[Initial Average Price] [Entry Level] 
[(specify amount)] [In respect of 
each Underlying Asset, the amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(k) 
Perf: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), 
[Underlying 
Performance] [Basket Performance] 
[Not Applicable].

--- Page 752 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
753 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[specify amount] / [In respect of [], 
[specify amount] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset,] as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(l) 
Strike: 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [] / [Not Applicable]. 
(m) 
Participation: 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [] / [Not Applicable]. 
(n) 
FXR: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Non Inverse Return] 
[Inverse Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(o) 
Reference 
Value 
(Final Value): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(p) 
Reference 
Value 
(Initial Value): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] [Entry Level] [] [In respect 
of each Underlying Asset, the 
amount specified in the Underlying 
Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Value (Initial Value)" in 
the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(xiv) 
Downside 
Physical 
Settlement 
Payout 
Condition 1.2(c)(ii)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, for the 
purpose 
of 
Payout 
Condition 
1.2(c)(ii)) , [Single Asset] [Worst of 
Basket] is applicable].

--- Page 753 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
754 
Warrants 
Payout 
(Payout 
Condition 1.3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Ratio 
Call 
(Payout 
Condition 1.3(a)(i): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Ratio: 
[]. 
(b) 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
 
(ii) 
Ratio Put (Payout Condition 
1.3(a)(ii):  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Ratio: 
[]. 
(b) 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[]. 
 
(iii) 
Nominal 
Call 
(Payout 
Condition 1.3(a)(iii): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Perf:
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled

--- Page 754 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
755 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Nominal 
Put 
(Payout 
Condition 1.3(a)(iv): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf:
[Underlying Performance] [Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum 
Performance] 
[Temple 
Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return]. 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] [Lookback Price]. [For the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
Lookback Price, [highest] [lowest] is 
applicable.] 
− 
Reference 
Price 
(Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average 
Price] 
[Entry 
Level] 
[(specify 
amount)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement 
Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 755 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
756 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse 
Return] 
[Inverse 
Return] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(d) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(e) 
Strike: 
[]. 
Mini 
Futures 
Payout 
(Payout 
Condition 1.4) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Strike Adjustment
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
[]. 
Dividend Percentage 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Financing Rate 
[] 
Strike Adjustment Date 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Strike Adjustment Time 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(iii) 
Stop Loss Level 
[]. 
 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Reference Price 
[]. 
 
(v) 
Stop Loss Event 
[Stop Loss Reference Value less than 
or equal to Stop Loss Level][Stop 
Loss Reference Value greater than or 
equal to the Stop Loss Level][Stop 
Loss Reference Value less than the 
Stop 
Loss 
Level 
during 
the 
Observation 
Period][Stop 
Loss 
Reference Reference Value greater 
than the Stop Loss Level][Stop Loss 
Reference Value less than or equal to 
the Current Stop Loss Level][Stop 
Loss Reference Value greater than or 
equal to the Current Stop Loss 
Level][Stop Loss Reference Value 
than 
the 
Current 
Stop 
Loss 
Level][Stop Loss Reference Value 
greater than the Current Stop Loss 
Level][]. 
 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Reference Value 
[]. 
 
(vi) 
Stop Loss Level Adjustment 
Date 
[]. 
 
(vii) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period 
[].

--- Page 756 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
757 
 
(vii) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period Start Date 
[]. 
 
(viii) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period End Date 
[]. 
Barrier Event Conditions (Payout 
Condition 2): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the 
definition of "Barrier Event" in the 
Payout 
Conditions, 
Barrier 
Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal] to the Barrier Level 
[1] [or less than [or equal to] the 
Barrier Level 2] is applicable. 
(ii) 
Barrier 
Reference 
Value: 
[Barrier Closing Price] [Barrier 
Average Price] [Barrier Intraday 
Price] [Barrier Worst Closing Price] 
[Barrier Best Closing Price] [Barrier 
Basket 
Value] 
[Barrier 
Asset 
Performance] [Barrier Worst Asset 
Performance] [Barrier Best Asset 
Performance] 
is 
applicable. 
(If 
Barrier Basket Value, Barrier Asset 
Performance, Barrier Worst Asset 
Performance or Barrier Best Asset 
Performance is not specified, delete 
the sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Barrier Asset Price: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
(specify amount)] / [In respect of [
], [specify amount] / [In respect of 
each Underlying Asset,] as set forth 
in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Barrier Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [ ] per 
cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, [
] per cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying 
Asset] set forth in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier 
Level" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Barrier Level 1: 
[(specify amount)][, being [ ] per 
cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, [
] per cent. of the Asset Initial Price] /

--- Page 757 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
758 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying 
Asset] set forth in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Barrier Level 2: 
[(specify amount)][, being [ ] per 
cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, [
] per cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying 
Asset] set forth in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Level 2" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Date/Pricing 
Date 
deemed 
to 
be 
Observation 
Date 
(closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Price 
deemed to be Asset 
Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier Observation 
Period Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying 
Asset/[],] [] (specify date) / the 
date specified in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset (and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period). 
(d) 
Barrier Observation 
Period End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying 
Asset/[],] [] (specify date) / the 
date specified in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled

--- Page 758 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
759 
"Barrier Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset (and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period). 
(v) 
Lock-In 
Event 
Condition: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Lock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of 
"Lock-In Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, 
Lock-In 
Reference 
Value [greater than] [less than] [or 
equal to] the Lock-In Level is 
applicable. 
(b) 
Lock-In 
Reference 
Value: 
[Lock-In Closing Price] [Lock-In 
Basket Value] is applicable. 
(c) 
Lock-In Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [ ] per 
cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / [In 
respect of each Underlying Asset, [
] per cent. of the Asset Initial Price] / 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying 
Asset] set forth in the Barrier and 
Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Lock-In 
Level" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset]. 
(d) 
Lock-In Observation 
Dates: 
[The [Valuation / Pricing] Date[s] 
scheduled to fall on [insert dates] 
[Each Valuation Date other than the 
Final Reference Date]. 
(vi) 
Star Event: 
[Applicable. [Final Closing Price of 
the Underlying Asset is greater than 
[or equal to] the Star Level.] [Final 
Closing Price of any Underlying 
Asset in the Asset Basket is greater 
than [or equal to] the Star Level.] 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Star 
Event 
Best 
Asset Performance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(b)
Star Level:
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying 
Asset,] [] (specify amount)[, being] 
[[ ] per cent. of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset]. 
[Delete table or columns if not 
required] 
[BARRIER AND TRIGGER TABLE]

--- Page 759 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
760 
[Underlying Asset] 
[Barrier Level [1] 
[Barrier Level 2] 
[Trigger Level] 
[Trigger Level Floor]
[Lock-In Level] 
[Barrier/ Trigger] 
Observation Period 
Start Date] 
[Barrier/ Trigger] 
Observation Period 
End Date] 
[] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[] [per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] 
[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[] [per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] 
[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[] 
[] 
(specify date) 
[] 
(specify date) 
Trigger 
Event 
Conditions 
(Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Trigger Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Trigger Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Trigger Level is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Trigger Reference Value: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price] [Trigger Intraday Price] [Trigger Worst 
Closing Price] [Trigger Best Closing Price] 
[Trigger Basket Value] [Trigger Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Best 
Asset 
Performance]. (If Trigger Basket Value, 
Trigger Asset Performance, Trigger Worst 
Asset Performance or Trigger Best Asset 
Performance is not specified, delete the sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Trigger Asset Price: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, (specify 
amount)] / [In respect of [], (specify amount)] 
/ [In respect of each Underlying Asset,] as set 
forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Weighting" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Trigger Level: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [ ] of the Asset Initial 
Price] / [In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset Initial 
Price of such Underlying Asset] set forth in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled 
"Trigger 
Level" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
− 
Trigger Level Comparative Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Trigger Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable)

--- Page 760 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
761 
− 
Trigger Asset Comparative Price 
Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 
− 
Trigger Level Floor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [
] [In respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
[amount] [percentage] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger 
Level 
Floor" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(iv) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Observation Period Start Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Trigger Observation Period). 
(d) 
Trigger Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [] 
(specify date) / the date specified in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger Observation Period End Date" in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying Asset 
(and such date shall be [included in] [excluded 
from] the Trigger Observation Period). 
Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Converted Currency: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Calculation Currency: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Currency 
Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[]. (repeat as necessary)

--- Page 761 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
762 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[Official fixing rate] [official mid closing rate] 
[spot rate] [mid rate] [fixing rate]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(v) 
Currency Price Source: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[]. 
(vi) 
Currency Valuation Time: 
[In respect of the [Cross Currency/Calculation 
Currency 
exchange 
rate,] 
[Cross 
Currency/Converted Currency exchange rate,] 
[]. 
(vii) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Valuation 
Date: 
[] [Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Final 
FX Valuation Date] [(specify number) of 
[Currency Conversion Business Day[s] / 
Business Day[s] / calendar day[s] immediately 
following [Adjusted Asset Final Reference 
Date / Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date/ [] 
[(specify number) of Currency Conversion 
Business Day(s) immediately preceding [the 
Maturity Date / []]. 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Non-Default 
Currency 
Conversion Business Day for 
euro: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Currency Conversion Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Currency Conversion Derived Rate: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Cross Currency: 
[]. 
Physical Settlement (General Instrument 
Condition 7(e)): 
[Applicable, General Instrument Condition 
7(e) shall apply] [Not Applicable]. 
[Single Asset] [Worst of Basket] is applicable. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Deliverable Assets: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 5] [In 
respect of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] []. 
(repeat as necessary) 
(iii) 
Deliverable Assets Price: 
[In respect of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] [
] per cent. of the Initial Value]. (repeat as 
necessary)

--- Page 762 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
763 
(iv) 
Lot size: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Fractional Cash Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Underlying Asset]. 
(viii) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
Non-scheduled Early Repayment Amount: 
[Par plus accrued (Do not specify for 
Warrants; and, if specified in relation to 
Certificates, include definition of "Calculation 
Amount")/Fair Market Value]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and 
Costs:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
EXERCISE PROVISIONS 
Exercise Style of [Warrants / Certificates] 
(General Instrument Condition 7): 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are American 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(a) is applicable]. 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are European 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(b) is applicable]. 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are Bermudan 
Style 
Instruments. 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 7(c) is applicable]. 
[− 
Specified Exercise Time:
[ ]. (Insert if cut-off time for receipt of 
Exercise Notice is not 10.00 a.m. as specified 
in General Instrument Condition 8)] 
[− 
Local Exercise Place: 
[]. (Insert if appropriate)] 
[− 
Receipt of Exercise Notice by 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Instrument Condition 8(m)): 
Applicable. (Insert if appropriate)] 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
(American Style Instruments only) [The period 
beginning on (and including) [] and ending 
on (and including) the Expiration Date] / 
(Bermudan Style Instruments only) [Each 
Specified Exercise Date and the Expiration 
Date] / (For European Style Instruments) [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 763 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
764 
(ii) 
Specified Exercise Dates: 
(Bermudan Style Instruments only − specify 
date and fallback if not a Business Day) [The 
first Business Day in each month between the 
Issue Date and the Expiration Date / [ ] 
(specify date(s))]. 
(For American Style Instruments or European 
Style Instruments) [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Expiration Date[s]: 
[The Latest Reference Date in respect of] [the 
Final Reference Date] [the Final Pricing Date] 
[the Last Averaging Date] [the Adjusted Final 
FX Valuation Date] [] (insert other date).] 
[If: 
(iv) 
an Automatic Early Exercise Event 
does not occur on any Applicable 
Date, [the Latest Reference Date in 
respect of] [the Final Reference Date] 
[the Final Pricing Date] [the Last 
Averaging Date] [the Adjusted Final 
FX Valuation Date] [] (insert other 
date); or 
(v) 
an Automatic Early Exercise Event 
occurs on any Applicable Date, [the 
Latest Reference Date in respect of] 
[such Applicable Date] [the Latest 
Reference Date in respect of] [the 
Final Reference Date] [the Final 
Pricing Date] [the Last Averaging 
Date] 
[the 
Adjusted 
Final 
FX 
Valuation Date] [ ] (insert other 
date).] 
− 
Expiration Date is Business 
Day Adjusted: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(General Instrument Condition 16): 
[Applicable – General Instrument Condition 
16 shall apply] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[[] [or, [in each case,] if later, the] [The] [] 
Business 
Day 
following 
[each] 
[the 
corresponding] Call Option Notice Date]/[As 
specified in the Optional Redemption Table in 
the column entitled "Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]. 
(ii) 
Call Option Notice Date(s): 
[[ ]/Each date set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call 
Option Notice Date(s)"]. 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[In respect of each Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [[ ] per Calculation Amount] [the 
amount set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column "Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)" in the row corresponding to

--- Page 764 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
765 
such Optional Redemption Date (Call)]. 
[Accrued interest payable.] 
(iv) 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Optional Redemption Table] 
[Call Option Notice 
Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[insert] 
[insert] [or, [if later, the] 
[The] [] Business Day 
following the Call Option 
Notice Date] 
[insert] 
Automatic Exercise (General Instrument 
Condition 7(h)/7(i)): 
[Not Applicable / The [Warrants/Certificates] 
are Automatic Exercise Instruments – General 
Instrument Condition 7(h)/7(i) is applicable[, 
save that General Instrument Condition 
7(h)(ii) is not applicable] (General Instrument 
Condition 7(h)(ii)) is applicable only for 
physically settled Instruments – if Instruments 
do not permit physical settlement then remove 
the square brackets) 
Minimum Exercise Number (General 
Instrument Condition 10(a)): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Permitted Multiple (General Instrument 
Condition 10(a)): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Strike Price: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
Closing Value: 
[[] (Specify amount)/Not Applicable]. 
SHARE LINKED INSTRUMENT / INDEX LINKED INSTRUMENT / 
COMMODITY LINKED INSTRUMENT / FX LINKED INSTRUMENT / FUND-
LINKED INSTRUMENT / FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED INSTRUMENT / 
CREDIT LINKED INSTRUMENT / MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED 
INSTRUMENT 
Type of [Warrants/Certificates]: 
The [Warrants/Certificates] are [Share Linked 
Instruments – the Share Linked Conditions are 
applicable / [and] Index Linked Instruments – 
the Index Linked Conditions are applicable / 
linked to the Index-Linked Derivatives 
Contract (as defined in paragraph 8 above) and 
are also Index Linked Instruments – the Index 
Linked 
Conditions 
are 
applicable 
/ 
Commodity 
Linked 
Instruments 
– 
the 
Commodity Linked Conditions are applicable 
/ FX Linked Instruments – the FX Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Fund Linked 
Instruments – the Fund Linked Conditions are

--- Page 765 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
766 
applicable 
/ 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Instruments – the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions are applicable / / Credit Linked 
Instruments – the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions 
are 
applicable.] 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] are also Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Instruments – Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Conditions are applicable.] 
(Specify which Underlying Asset Conditions 
are applicable) 
[Delete table or columns if not required]
[UNDERLYING ASSET TABLE] 
Underlying Asset 
Bloomberg 
/ Reuters 
[ISIN] 
(specify if 
Underlying 
Asset is a 
Share) 
[Exchange 
/ Trading 
Facility/ 
FX Price 
Source] 
[Commodity] 
Index 
Sponsor] 
(specify if 
Underlying 
Asset is an 
Index) 
[Reference 
Price 
(Initial)] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Initial 
Value] 
[Weighting] 
[Variable 
Floor Level] 
[The [ordinary shares] [
] of] [Name of Share(s) or 
Share Issuer] [The shares 
of the [Exchange Traded 
Fund(s)] [Index(ices) / 
Commodity(ies) / FX 
Rate(s) / Futures 
Contract] [The shares or 
units of the [Name/Class 
of Fund] [([the /each an] 
"[] [Exchange Traded 
Fund/Share/Index/Fund")] 
(repeat as required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[RELEVANT ANNEX – ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED INSTRUMENTS] 
[Reference Entity] 
[Transaction 
Type] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[Reference 
Obligation 
(ISIN)] 
[Standard Reference 
Obligation] 
[Reference Entity 
Weighting] 
[Index Sponsor] 
[] (repeat as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as required) 
Share Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Share or Share Basket or 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
[Single Share /[, being a Share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund] / Share Basket / [The/Each] 
Share comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Share(s): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table / The shares of the [Exchange Traded 
Fund / [The [ordinary shares] [] of] [Name of 
Share(s) or Share Issuer] / (Bloomberg: []; 
ISIN: []) (the "Share")]. 
(If the Share is the share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, insert the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Exchange Traded Fund[s]:] 
[Name 
of 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s)] 
(Bloomberg: []; ISIN: []).]

--- Page 766 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
767 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ] / As specified in the column entitled 
"Exchange" in the Underlying Asset Table]. 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges]. 
(v) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange]. 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)]. 
(vii) 
Single Share and Reference Dates − 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.11.11.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Single 
Share 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.21.2 / 
Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates − 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.4 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 767 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
768 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates] − as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 1.6 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of (insert relevant Reference 
Dates)] − as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 1.7(b)(i)/ Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Averaging Reference Dates] − as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 1.8 / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 768 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
769 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Share 
Linked 
Condition 7 /Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of 
[Final 
Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/Final Pricing Date/specify date(s)], the 
Fallback Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / 
Default Fallback Valuation Date is applicable 
in respect of [Final Reference Date/Initial 
Reference Date/Final Pricing Date/(specify 
date(s))]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(xvi) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Extraordinary 
Event 
− 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Correction of Share Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in respect of: [the/each] Valuation Date/ Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date/ each 
Initial Reference Date/ each Averaging 
Reference Date /specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [the/each] Valuation Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/each Reference Date [(other 
than the Final Reference Date)] /[the/each] 
Initial Reference Date/[the/each] Averaging 
Reference Date /specify date(s)], [insert 
number] Business Days prior to [the Maturity 
Date / the next following date upon which any 
payment or delivery of assets may have to be 
made by the Issuer by reference to the price of 
[the/such] Underlying Asset] / [ ] (specify 
date(s))].] (repeat as necessary) 
(xxii) 
Depositary 
Receipts 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Depositary Receipts: 
[]. 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.15.1(a)]. 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(a)].

--- Page 769 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
770 
(d) 
Exchange(s) in respect of 
Underlying Shares: 
[[]/As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)]. 
(e) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[] / As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)]. 
(f) 
Valuation Time in respect of 
Underlying Shares: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)/Other (specify time and place)]. 
Index Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Index or Index Basket or 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
[Single Index/Index Basket/[The/Each] Index 
comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Index(ices): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table/The [Name of Index] (Bloomberg: []; 
ISIN: []) (the "Index")]. 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index]. 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[] / As specified in Index Linked Condition 
7 / Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges / Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[]. 
(viii) 
Index Currency: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)]. 
(xi) 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract: 
[Specify]. 
(b) 
Derivatives Exchange: 
[Specify]. 
(c) 
Daily Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable/As specified in Index Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(d) 
Final Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(e) 
Index Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/(Specify multiplier)]. 
(f) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)]. 
(g) 
Special Quotation Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (Specify price)].

--- Page 770 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
771 
(xii) 
Single Index and Reference Dates − 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Index Linked 
Condition 1.1 / [where the Underlying Asset is 
an 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract] 
Applicable only if the Final Reference Price is 
the Final Index Level, in which case, as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.1 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
[where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract] in respect of the 
Valuation Date, [eight] Scheduled Trading 
Days / Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Single 
Index 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.2 / Not 
Applicable]. 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Index Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.4/ Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 771 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
772 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Index Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify number of days) / Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.6 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant Reference 
Dates] − as specified in Index Linked 
Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify dates) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.8 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 772 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
773 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of 
[Valuation Date/Initial Valuation Date/Final 
Reference Date/specify date(s)], the Fallback 
Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date is applicable in 
respect of [Valuation Date/Initial Valuation 
Date/Final Reference Date/specify date(s)]. 
(xxi) 
Index Modification: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/[Not Applicable] [- See Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxii) 
Index Cancellation: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] / 
[Not Applicable] [- See Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxiii) Index Disruption: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] / 
[Not Applicable] [- See Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxiv) 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] / 
[Not Applicable] [- See Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxv) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxvii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxviii) Correction of Index Level: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxix) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in respect of: [the/each] Valuation Date/ Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date/ each 
Initial Reference Date/ each Averaging 
Reference Date/specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [the/each] Valuation Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date [(other 
than the Final Reference Date)]/ [the/each] 
Initial Reference Date/[the/each] Averaging 
Reference 
Date/specify 
date(s)], 
[insert 
number] Business Days prior to [the Maturity 
Date/ the next following date upon which any 
payment or delivery of assets may have to be 
made by the Issuer by reference to the price of

--- Page 773 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
774 
[the/such] Underlying Asset] / [ ] (specify 
date(s))].] (repeat as required) 
(where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract) [In respect of the 
Valuation Date, the second Business Day prior 
to the Maturity Date / specify date(s)]. 
(xxx) 
Index Disclaimer: 
[Applicable to an Index / Not Applicable]. 
Commodity Linked Instruments (Single 
Commodity or Commodity Basket): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Commodity or Commodity 
Basket: 
[Single Commodity / Commodity Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Commodity (ies): 
[Name 
of 
Commodity(ies) 
(Bloomberg 
Code(s): []])]. 
(iii) 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price(s): 
[insert relevant Commodity Reference Price], 
as specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
8 / Commodity Reference Price Framework 
Determination is applicable]. 
(iv) 
Trading Facility: 
[[ ] / As specified in the Commodity 
Reference Price]. 
(v) 
Unit: 
[Specify unit of measure of the Relevant 
Commodity]. 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[] / Adjusted Delivery Date]. 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[As specified in the Commodity Reference 
Price / high price / low price / average of high 
price and low price / closing price / opening 
price / bid price / asked price / average of bid 
price and asked price / official settlement price 
/ official price / morning fixing / afternoon 
fixing / spot price]. 
(viii) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Price Materiality Percentage in 
respect of Price Source Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(x) 
Single Commodity and Pricing 
Dates – Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.1 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply 
/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth].

--- Page 774 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
775 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
7 / Other (specify number of Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Commodity 
Business 
Day 
and 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.2 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply 
/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 775 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
776 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
7 / Other (specify number of Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] / 
[in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates] – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 1.3 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the order 
in which such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply 
/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[]. 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]. 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second / 
third / fourth]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Commodity Linked Condition 
7 / Other (specify number of Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 776 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
777 
(xiii) 
Correction of Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 3]. 
(xiv) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default Correction Cut-off Date is applicable 
in respect of: [Valuation Date/Initial Valuation 
Date/ 
Reference 
Date/Final 
Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/ 
Averaging 
Reference Date/specify date(s)].] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date [(other 
the Final Reference Date)]/Final Reference 
Date/Initial 
Reference 
Date/ 
Averaging 
Reference Date/ specify date(s)], [insert 
number] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [ ] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as 
necessary) 
(xv) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Observation Hours: 
[Not Applicable / specify period]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Start 
Time: 
[]. (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset) 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
End 
Time: 
[]. (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset) 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
FX Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single FX Rate or FX Rate 
Basket: 
[Single FX Rate / FX Rate Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of FX Rate(s): 
[Each Asset FX Rate / Currency Price / 
Derived Exchange Rate / EUR/USD FX Rate] 
[Base Currency is []]. 
[Reference Currency is []]. 
[FX Price Source is []].

--- Page 777 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
778 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Derived 
Exchange Rate", Derived Exchange Rate 
[1/2/3/4/5] is applicable]. 
(iii) 
Subject Currency: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[Official fixing rate / Official mid closing rate 
/ Spot rate / Mid rate / Fixing rate]. 
(v) 
Fixing Day: 
[Publication Fixing Day / Transaction Fixing 
Day] on which no FX Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing. 
(vi)        Latest Reference Date 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Non-Default FX Business Day for 
euro: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] (specify time)]. 
(x) 
Adjusted Valuation Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment/No 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation Date": 
[[

] 
[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Adjusted Initial Valuation 
Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment/No 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes of "Adjusted Initial 
Valuation Date": 
[[

] 
[Common] 
Publication 
Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates 
− Consequences of non-Fixing 
Days: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 778 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
779 
(xiii) 
Single FX Rate and Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
non-Fixing Days: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify number of days) / Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Individual Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual Fixing 
Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Common Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify number of days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation 
Period 
Start 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Period End Date 
and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable].

--- Page 779 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
780 
(c) 
Barrier Event Determination 
Date: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 / Other (specify date) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 / Other (specify rate) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Currency Pair: 
[Not Applicable / Reference Currency is [] 
and Base Currency is []]. 
(xviii) Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
(FX 
Linked Condition 2): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
[Alternate Price Source(s): 
[].] 
(xix) 
Hedging Disruption (FX Linked 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
(xx) 
Increased Cost of Hedging (FX 
Linked Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].  
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[ASSET FX TABLE]9
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Asset Currency] 
[Base Currency] 
[Asset FX 
(Initial)] 
[Asset FX Fixing 
Price Sponsor] 
[Asset FX Price 
Source] 
[Asset FX 
Valuation Time] 
[The [ordinary] 
shares of the 
[Name of Share(s) 
or Share Issuer] 
[The shares of the 
[Name of 
Share(s))/Exchange 
Traded Fund(s) 
/Index(ices)] [The 
shares or units of 
the [Name/Class of 
Fund] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
exchange rate] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
entity] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
price source(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
valuation time in 
the relevant place] 
(repeat as 
required) 
Fund-Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Fund or Fund Basket: 
[Single Fund / Fund Basket] 
(ii) 
Name of Fund(s): 
[Name and Class of Fund (Bloomberg 
Code: []; ISIN: [])]. 
(iii) 
Reference Fund: 
[Name of Reference Fund]. 
(iv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Maturity Settlement Period: 
[Five/[]] Business Days. 
(viii) 
Dealing Charge Threshold: 
[0.20/[]] per cent. ([0.20/[]]%). 
9
Insert if "Participation Certificate" is applicable.

--- Page 780 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
781 
(ix) 
Holding Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(x) 
AUM Threshold: 
[75/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xi) 
NAV Threshold: 
[85/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xii) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
Futures Contract Linked Instruments (Single 
Futures 
Contract 
or 
Futures 
Contract 
Basket):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Futures Contract or Futures 
Contract Basket:
[Single 
Futures 
Contract 
/ 
Futures 
Contract Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Futures Contract (ies): 
[Name of Futures Contract(s) (Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])]. 
Futures Contract Reference Price(s): 
[]. 
(iii) 
Trading Facility: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Unit: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8 / Other (specify)]. 
(v) 
Specified Price: 
[]. 
(vi) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen Page: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Disruption Event: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify). 
(viii) 
Single Futures Contract and Pricing 
Dates – Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] 
[Initial Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] 
Pricing Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Initial Pricing Dates and/or 
Pricing Dates]] – as specified in Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.1 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum Days of Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(ix) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Individual 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] 
[Initial Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] 
Pricing Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Initial Pricing Dates and/or

--- Page 781 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
782 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Individual Disrupted Day):
Pricing Dates]] – as specified in Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.2 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum Days of Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 9/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(x) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] 
[Initial Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] 
Pricing Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Initial Pricing Dates and/or 
Pricing Dates]] – as specified in Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.3 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum Days of Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(xi) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Futures Contract Business 
Day and Common Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] 
[Initial Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] 
Pricing Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Initial Pricing Dates and/or 
Pricing Dates]] – as specified in Futures 
Contract Linked Condition 1.4 - the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted]

--- Page 782 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
783 
- 
Maximum Days of Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / 
second / third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, 
this sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(xii) 
Corrections 
of 
Published 
Futures 
Contract Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 3 / 
Other (specify)]. [If Not Applicable, this 
sub-paragraph may be deleted] 
(xiii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. [If Not 
Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(xiv) 
Fallback Pricing Date 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
(xv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Provisions 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
- 
Rollover Date
[]  
- 
Relevant Month
[]  
Credit Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Type of Credit Linked Securities: 
(Specify all that apply) 
(a)
Single Reference Entity Credit 
Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(b)
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c)
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
(ii)
Credit Linkage 
(a)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/] (Delete if Credit Linked Securities are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Securities:

--- Page 783 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
784 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked 
Securities are linked to an index of Reference 
Entities) 
(b)
Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin American Corporate BL/Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
New Zealand [Financial] Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore [Financial] Corporate/Standard 
Asia [Financial] Corporate/Standard Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Full 
Faith 
and 
Credit/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Revenue/[]//As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
(c)
[Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] (Specify amount 
or weighting) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)] []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
(d)
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date 
of Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in 
Final Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)]:  
Primary Obligor:  
[] 
Guarantor:  
[]

--- Page 784 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
785 
Maturity:  
[] 
Coupon:  
[] 
CUSIP/ISIN:  
[] 
Original Issue Amount:  [] 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(e)
Credit Linked Interest Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(f)
Credit-Linked Principal Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(ii)
Terms 
relating 
to 
Credit 
Event 
Settlement 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery]  
Principal Protection Level: [[ ]%/Not 
applicable] (May be deleted if principal 
protection is not applicable) 
(a)
Settlement Method: 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities 
Conditions] 
(Include if Physical Settlement applicable as 
the Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not 
applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions]

--- Page 785 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
786 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
[Terms 
relating 
to 
Fallback 
Physical 
Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities 
Conditions] 
(Include if Physical Settlement applicable as 
the Fallback Settlement Method) 
(b)
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(c)
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(d)
Settlement Currency: 
[As per the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions /[]] 
(iii)
Miscellaneous Credit Terms 
(a)
Credit Event Backstop Date:   
[As per the Credit Securities Conditions/The 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date/Issue Date/[]] 
(b)
Credit Observation Period End 
Date: 
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
(c)
Trade Date: 
[] 
(d)
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/ As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
(e)
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(f)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type]] 
(g)
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period End Date/Event Determination Date]

--- Page 786 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
787 
(h)
Interest following Scheduled 
Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable] 
(i)
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Security Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption redemption basis: [Fair Market 
Value/ ]] 
(j)
Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(k)
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Instruments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Multi-Asset Basket:
A basket composed of the Share[s] and the 
Ind[ex/ices] each as specified in the 
column entitled "Underlying Asset" in the 
Underlying Asset Table. 
(ii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Trading Day but Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Trading Day and Common 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
– as specified in Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days

--- Page 787 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
788 
of Common Trading Days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates 
– Basket Valuation (Common Trading 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
− as specified in Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days 
of Scheduled Trading Days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference Dates 
– Basket Valuation (Common Trading 
Day and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
− as specified in Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Provision 2 / Other (specify number of days 
of Common Trading Days) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
GENERAL 
PROVISIONS 
APPLICABLE 
TO 
THE 
[WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES]
FX Disruption Event/Currency Conversion 
Disruption 
Event 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 14): 
[FX Disruption Event is applicable to the 
Instruments 
− 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 14 and FX Linked Condition 4 
shall 
apply/ 
Currency 
Conversion 
Disruption Event is applicable to the 
Instruments, 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 14 and FX Linked Condition 4 
shall apply/Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/[[]] (specify other 
currency)]. 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Reference Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Currency 
Conversion 
Reference 
Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
USD/Affected Currency FX 
Rate: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 
4/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 788 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
789 
(a) 
Affected Currency: 
[Settlement 
Currency/Reference 
Currency/Converted 
Currency/[[

]] 
(specify other currency)]. 
(b) 
FX Disruption Event Cut-off 
Date 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default FX Disruption Event Cut-off 
Date / Specified Day(s): [ ] Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(c) 
Adjusted Affected Payment Date 
(General Instrument Condition 
2(a)): 
[Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date 
/ Specified Day(s): [ ] [Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(d) 
Affected Payment Cut-off Date 
(General Instrument Condition 
2(a)): 
[Default Affected Payment Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[
] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(e) 
USD/Affected Currency FX Rate 
Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Trade Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
Rounding (General Instrument Condition 25): 
(i) 
Non-Default Rounding −calculation 
values and percentages: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Fractional Entitlement / Bonus / Perf / 
Underlying Performance / Participation / 
Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price 
(Initial) / Floor / Cap / Strike / FXR / FX 
(Final) / FX (Initial) / Asset FX (Final) / 
Asset FX (Initial) specify other calculation 
value or percentage]: rounded to [insert 
number] decimal place[s]. 
(ii) 
Non-Default Rounding −amounts due 
and payable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[All amounts due and payable/Settlement 
Amount/Interest Amount/Automatic Early 
Exercise Amount / specify other amounts 
due 
and 
payable]: 
rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
next 
[higher/lower] [] (Specified Sub-Unit of 
relevant currency)]. 
(iii) 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Not Applicable / [Barrier Level / specify 
other amount]: rounded to [insert number] 
decimal place[s].

--- Page 789 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
790 
(b) 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[Not Applicable / [Barrier Level / specify 
other 
amount]: 
rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
next 
[higher/lower] [insert number] (Specified 
Sub-Unit of relevant currency)]. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[ ] (Specify such place(s) as may be 
relevant. Definition of Business Day in 
General 
Instrument 
Condition 
2(a) 
includes Principal Financial Centre of 
Settlement Currency)/Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[As specified in General Instrument 
Condition 2(a) / The Principal Financial 
Centre in relation to [insert relevant 
currency] is [insert relevant place(s)]. (If 
Non-Default Principal Financial Centre is 
Applicable, specify the place(s) to be 
specified as the principal financial centre 
for 
the 
relevant 
currency)] 
/ 
Not 
Applicable. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default Principal Financial 
Centre:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Form of [Warrants/Certificates]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream Instruments] 
[Monte Titoli Registered Instruments] 
Minimum 
Trading 
Number 
(General 
Instrument Condition 5(b)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Permitted 
Trading 
Multiple 
(General 
Instrument Condition 5(b)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Instrument 
Condition 20): 
[Marex Financial/[] (specify other)]. 
Governing law  
English law 
DISTRIBUTION
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
[Managers/placers] and underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable / give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments]. 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment 
basis 
and 
names 
and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on

--- Page 790 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
791 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers/placers.) 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / give name and address]. 
[If Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph 
may be deleted] 
 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to  EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
Signed on behalf of Marex Financial 
By:  ………………………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 791 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
792 
(Where the Pricing Supplement cover two or more Series of Securities, the table below should be 
completed for all variables which will differ across the different Series. The relevant line item for any 
such variable in the Conditions below should include the following language: "In respect of each Series, 
as specified in the table set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below".)  
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Instruments: 
ISIN 
[Commo
n Code] 
[Valoren] [Aggrega
te 
[number] 
[Nominal 
Amount] 
of 
[Certifica
tes] 
[Warrant
s] in the 
Series] 
[Aggrega
te 
Nominal 
Amount]
[Schedule
d 
Maturity 
Date] 
[Valuatio
n Date(s)]
[Final 
Referenc
e Date] 
[Initial 
Valuation 
Date] 
[Rate of 
Interest] 
[Issue 
Price] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount]
[Redempt
ion 
Percenta
ge] 
[Cap] 
[Floor] 
[Downsid
e Cap] 
[Barrier 
Level] 
[Name of 
Share] 
[Exchang
e(s)] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] [

]Tranche: 
[Up to] [
] 
[] 
[] / 
[The [[
] 
[Expected 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day / 
Expected 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
preceding 
the 
Adjusted 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date.][Th
e 
Valuation 
Date is 
expected 
to be [] 
as of the 
date of 
this 
Pricing 
Suppleme
nt.] 
The 
[Valuatio
n Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled 
to fall on [
] 
[] 
[[] per 
cent. [per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually/ 
semi-
annually/q
uarterly/ 
bi-
monthly/ 
monthly/[
]] in 
arrear] 
[] 
[The [] 
day of 
[month], 
[month] 
(repeat as 
required) 
in each 
calendar 
year from, 
and 
including, 
[] to, 
and 
including, 
[]][] 
(specify 
date(s))[, 
subject to 
adjustmen
t in 
accordanc
e with the 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]. [The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjuste
d"/ 
"Unadjust
ed"].] 
[] per 
Calculatio
n Amount
[] 
[] [per 
cent. of 
the Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
The 
shares of 
the 
[Exchang
e Traded 
Fund / 
[The 
[ordinary 
shares]  [
] of] 
[Name of 
Share(s) 
or Share 
Issuer] / 
(Bloombe
rg: []; 
ISIN: [
]) (the 
"Share")]. 
(If the 
Share is 
the share 
of an 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund, 
insert the 
following 
sub-
paragrap
h of this 
paragrap
h) 
[−Exchan
ge Traded 
Fund[s]: 
[Name of 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s)] 
(Bloombe
rg: []; 
ISIN: [
]).]] 
[] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Index Linked Instruments: 
ISIN 
[Commo
n Code]
[Valoren
] 
[Aggreg
ate 
[number
] 
[Nomina
l 
Amount
] of 
[Certific
ates] 
[Warran
ts] in the 
Series] 
[Aggreg
ate 
Nominal 
Amount
] 
[Schedul
ed 
Maturit
y Date] 
[Valuati
on 
Date(s)]
[Final 
Referen
ce Date]
[Initial 
Valuatio
n Date] 
[Rate of 
Interest]
[Issue 
Price] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount]
[Redem
ption 
Percenta
ge] 
[Cap] 
[Floor] [Downsi
de Cap]
[Barrier 
Level] 
[Name 
of 
Index] 
[Type of 
Index] 
[Exchan
ge(s)] 
[Index 
Sponsor]
[] 
[] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] [

]Tranche
: [Up to] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
The 
[Valuatio
n Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
schedule
[] 
[[] per 
cent. [per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually
/semi-
annually/ 
quarterly
/ bi-
[] 
[The [
] day of 
[month], 
[month] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
in each 
calendar 
[] per 
Calculati
on 
Amount 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [per 
cent. of 
the Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
[As 
specified 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Underly
ing 
Asset" in 
the 
[Unitary 
Index / 
Multi-
Exchang
e Index 
]]. 
[[] / 
As 
specified 
in Index 
Linked 
Conditio
n 7 / Not 
[]

--- Page 792 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
793 
d to fall 
on [] 
monthly/ 
monthly/
[]] in 
arrear] 
year 
from, 
and 
including
, [] to, 
and 
including
, []][
] 
(specify 
date(s)) 
[, subject 
to 
adjustme
nt in 
accordan
ce with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Conventi
on]. 
[The 
Interest 
Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjust
ed"/ 
"Unadjus
ted"].] 
Underlyi
ng Asset 
Table/Th
e [Name 
of Index] 
(Bloomb
erg: [
]; ISIN: [
]) (the 
"Index")
]. 
Applicab
le]. 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Instruments or Index Linked Instruments 
where Redemption at the option of the Issuer is applicable: 
ISIN 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date(s)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if 
later, the] [The] [ ] 
Business Day following 
[each][the corresponding] 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date]/[As specified in the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Table relating to this Series 
in the column entitled 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
[[]/Each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption 
Table relating to this 
Series in the column 
entitled 
"Call 
Option 
Notice Date(s)"]. 
[In 
respect 
of 
each 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [[] per Calculation 
Amount] [the amount set 
forth 
in 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Table relating 
to this Series in the column 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)" in the 
row corresponding to such 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)]. [Accrued interest 
payable]. 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING 
Application [has been/will be] made by [the Issuer (or on 
its behalf)] for the [Warrants/Certificates] to be [listed on 
and] admitted to trading on the [ ] (Specify other 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading platforms) 
with effect from [at the earliest] [the Issue Date/specify 
other date]] / [Application is expected to be made by [the 
Issuer (or on its behalf)] for the [Warrants/Certificates] to 
be [listed on and] admitted to trading on the [] (Specify 
multilateral facilities or other trading platforms) with 
effect from [at the earliest] [the Issue Date/specify other 
date]] / [The [Warrants/Certificates] will not be listed or 
admitted to trading on any exchange].]  
[No assurances can be given that such application for 
listing and admission to trading will be granted (or, if

--- Page 793 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
794 
granted, will be granted by [the Issue Date/specify other 
date]).] 
[Application [has been/ will be] made by [the Issuer (or 
on its behalf)/ the placer] [for admission to trading of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] on SeDeX, a multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[for admission to trading of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
on the EuroTLX market, a multilateral trading facility 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana.] The 
admission to trading of the [Warrants/Certificates] is 
expected to be by the Issue Date. [The effectiveness of 
the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is Conditional 
upon such admission to trading occurring by the Issue 
Date. In the event that admission to trading of the 
Instruments does not take place by the Issue Date for 
whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the 
offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant 
Instrument will not be issued.]] 
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the [listing/trading] 
(if any) of the [Warrants/Certificates] on the relevant 
[stock exchange(s) / indicate other multilateral trading 
facilities or other trading platforms] over their entire 
lifetime. The [Warrants/Certificates] may be suspended 
from trading and/or de-listed at any time in accordance 
with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant 
[stock exchange(s) / indicate other multilateral trading 
facilities or other trading platforms.] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to trading.) 
2.
LIQUIDITY ENHANCEMENT 
AGREEMENTS 
[Insert name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their commitment] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
3.
RATINGS 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable].(If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Ratings: 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] to be issued have been rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]]. 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Warrants/Certificates of the type being issued under

--- Page 794 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
795 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating) 
4.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]
[A selling commission of [up to] [ ] of the [Issue Price/other] has been paid to the 
[Managers/placer] in respect of this issue.] 
[]10
5.
PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Any Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ Monte Titoli/[] (specify other, give 
name(s), address(es) and number(s))]. 
Programme Agency Agreement: 
[] 
Names and address of Principal 
Programme Agent: 
[] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Operational 
contact(s) 
for 
Principal Programme Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
7.
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
7.1
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax 
(If the Instruments are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert either of the 
following paragraphs, depending on whether the Instruments are subject to Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. If the Instruments are not Share Linked 
Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert 'Not Applicable'.) 
[If the Instruments are subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). We have determined that, as of the issue 
date of the [Warrants/Certificates], the [Warrants/Certificates] will be subject to withholding 
under these rules. The tax will be imposed at the full withholding tax rate even if you are 
otherwise eligible for a reduction in the rate under an applicable treaty. See "United States Tax 
Considerations – Dividend Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more 
comprehensive discussion of the application of Section 871(m) to the [Warrants/Certificates].] 
[If the Instruments are not subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
10
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issue/offer is different from that set out in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled " Risks associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of 
Securities".

--- Page 795 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) 
796 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). We have determined that, as of the issue 
date of the [Warrants/Certificates], the [Warrants/Certificates] will not be subject to 
withholding under these rules. In certain limited circumstances, however, it is possible for 
United States alien holders to be liable for tax under these rules with respect to a combination 
of transactions treated as having been entered into in connection with each other even when no 
withholding is required. United States alien holders should consult their tax advisor concerning 
these regulations, subsequent official guidance and regarding any other possible alternative 
characterisations of their [Warrants/Certificates] for United States federal income tax purposes. 
See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend Equivalent Payments" in the Base 
Prospectus for a more comprehensive discussion of the application of Section 871(m) to the 
[Warrants/Certificates].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
8.
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[(Include if applicable, include Index disclaimer(s) / Not Applicable]. 
9.
[ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, include additional information here as to additional 
provisions, not required by the relevant securities note, relating to the Underlying Asset(s) 
including, if applicable, Index disclaimer(s).] 
10.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i)
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from providing additional 
funds for the Issuer's operations and for other general 
corporate purposes, will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
(ii)
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds:  
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii)
Estimated total expenses 
[related to the admission to 
trading] 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(Include breakdown of expenses)

--- Page 796 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
797 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or 
otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as described in the above 
paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case 
where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the 
prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the 
United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.]  
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (NOTES) 
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION CONTAINED IN 
THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[Where the Pricing Supplement covers two or more Series of Securities, the identification numbers for 
each Series should be included in the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
FOR EACH SERIES" below, and should not be included here.]  
[ISIN: [] 
Common Code: [] 
[Valoren: []] 
[WKN: []]

--- Page 797 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
798 
[insert other security identification number] 
[Tranche Number: []] 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[insert in the case of an increase of the issue size of a Series of Notes or Securities: (relating to [insert 
Series of Notes or Securities: ●] (the "[First][●] Increase", which are consolidated with the 
outstanding [insert designation of the Series of Notes or Securities: ●] ([WKN ●][●]) issued on 
[insert date of the first issue: ●] [insert additional issue, if applicable: ●] [under the Base Prospectus 
dated 30 September 2021] [under the Base Prospectus dated 30 September 2022] and constitute a 
single issue)]
MAREX FINANCIAL 
(Incorporated with unlimited liability in England) 
 Programme for the issuance 
of Warrants, Notes and Certificates 
Issue of [[] Series of] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [, due [Maturity 
Date]] (the "Notes" or the "Securities") 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Note Conditions [and] [, the Coupon 
Payout Conditions] [, the Autocall Payout Conditions] [and the applicable Underlying Asset Conditions] 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 30 September 2022 (expiring on 30 September 2023) (the "Base 
Prospectus") [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [], [] and []]. This 
document does not constitute a final terms of the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier has neither approved nor reviewed 
the information contained in this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus in connection with the 
Securities. The Issuer is not offering the Securities in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make 
such an offer of the Securities on behalf of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. [In addition, no application has 
been made (nor is it proposed that any application will be made) for listing of the Securities on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (as may be 
amended, from time to time). 
[Specify whether each of the items below is applicable or not applicable. Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[Where the Pricing Supplement cover two or more Series of Securities: 
(a)
the table(s) set out in the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH 
SERIES" below should be completed for all variables which will differ across the 
different Series;  
(b)
the relevant line item for any such variable in the Conditions below should include the 
following language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 
"Specific Provisions for each Series" below"; and 
(c)
all other provisions in the Conditions below shall be construed as applying separately to 
each Series of Securities.] 
[This Pricing Supplement covers two or more Series of Securities, as specified in the table(s) set out in 
the section entitled "SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES" below. Unless otherwise specified 
in this Pricing Supplement or the Conditions, the provisions below and the Conditions shall be construed

--- Page 798 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
799 
as applying separately to each Series of Securities.] [Insert if Pricing Supplement cover two or more 
Series of Securities.] 
Tranche Number: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(If fungible with an existing Series, include 
the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]. (specify defined term for the currency if 
required) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(If 
Applicable, 
specify 
Currency 
and 
Nominal Amount) 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] []. (Specify Currency and Nominal 
Amount) 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] []. (Specify Currency and Nominal 
Amount) 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount / [ ] per Note [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]. 
[EUR Issue Price is: EUR []]  
Specified Denominations: 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess 
thereof].  
Calculation Amount: 
[] [As specified in General Note Condition 
2(a) (Definitions) in respect of Instalment 
Notes]. (If not Instalment Notes, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[]. 
Issue Date: 
[]. 
Maturity Date: 
Scheduled Maturity Date is []. [Maturity 
Date 
− 
Share 
Linked 
Condition 
7 
(Definitions)/Maturity Date −Index Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)/Maturity Date 
−Commodity Linked Condition 7 (General 
Definitions)] / Maturity Date − Fund Linked 
Condition 8 (Definitions) / Maturity Date – 
Futures Contract Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions)  [is/are] applicable]. 
(i) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Determination 
Date 
(General Note Condition 2(a)): 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Latest 
Reference Date in respect of the] [Last 
Averaging 
Date/Valuation 
Date/Final 
Pricing Date/Final Reference Date] [The

--- Page 799 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
800 
Final Reference Date to fall latest in time] [[
] (specify other date)] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Scheduled Determination 
Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
First 
Maturity 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)  
− 
Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"First 
Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] Business Day[s]] following the 
[Scheduled Determination Date] [Relevant 
Determination Date]. 
(v) 
Second Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)  
− 
Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s] []]. 
− 
Maturity Date Business 
Day Convention for the 
purposes 
of 
"Second 
Maturity Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
(vi) 
Business Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
(vii) 
Maturity Date Roll on Payment 
Date Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maturity Date Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Nearest/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment]. 
Underlying Asset(s): 
[The] Share[s] (as defined under "Share 
Linked Note" below) (as defined below)] 
[Exchange Traded Fund[s] (as defined under 
"Share Linked Note" below)] [Inde[x/ices] 
(as defined under "Index Linked Note"

--- Page 800 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
801 
below)] [[ ] (Specify relevant futures 
contract), 
being 
the 
[futures/options] 
contract relating to the Index, with the 
expiration month of [ ] (Specify) (the 
"Index-Linked Derivatives Contract")/ 
Commodit[y/ies] (as defined below)] (as 
under defined under "Commodity Linked 
Note"  below)] [FX Rate[s] (as defined "FX 
Linked Note"  below)] [Fund (as defined 
under "Fund Linked Note" below)] [and 
the] [Futures Contract[s] (as defined under 
"Futures Contract Linked Note" below)] 
[the [Reference Entity][Reference Entities] 
(as defined under "Credit Linked Note" 
below). The Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions 
are 
applicable.] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
below) 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
VALUATION PROVISIONS 
[Valuation / Pricing] Date(s):
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If Maturity Date Roll on Payment Date 
Adjustment is specified to be applicable, 
insert: 
The [] [Expected Scheduled Trading Day / 
Expected Common Scheduled Trading Day] 
preceding the Adjusted Scheduled Maturity 
Date.] 
[The Valuation Date is expected to be [] as 
of the date of this Pricing Supplement.] 
[− 
Final Reference Date: 
The 
[Valuation 
Date]/[Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to fall on [ ] [immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date].] 
[− 
Number of Relevant Days for the 
purposes 
of 
"Final 
Reference 
Date":] 
[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days/ 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days/Fund 
Calculation Day/ Scheduled Futures Contract 
Business Days days] [Not Applicable]. 
[− 
Lookback Observation Date: 
[Each Valuation Date] [The Valuation Dates 
scheduled to fall on []] [Not Applicable] 
Entry Level Observation Dates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[] [The First Entry Level Observation Date, 
and each of the [] [Scheduled Trading Days 
for such Underlying Asset] [Common 
Scheduled Trading Days for all Underlying

--- Page 801 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
802 
Assets] following the First Entry Level 
Observation Date]. 
− 
First Entry Level Observation Date: 
[ ], or if such day is not a [Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying Asset] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlying Assets], the first following 
[Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 
Asset] [Common Scheduled Trading Day for 
all Underlying Assets]. 
(i) 
Entry Level: 
[Lowest / Highest] is Applicable. 
(ii) 
Entry Level Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, []] / 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] [] (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] the 
Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, []] 
[The [Initial Valuation Date / Initial Pricing 
Date] scheduled to fall on] [] [(and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded from] 
the Entry Level Observation Period)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
Entry 
Level 
Observation 
Specified Date: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
[Common 
Scheduled Trading Day] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Consequences of Non-Scheduled 
Trading 
Days, 
Non-Common 
Disrupted Days or Disrupted Days 
in respect of an Entry Level 
Observation Date: 
(a) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 802 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
803 
(b) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.4: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.6: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
[Share 
/ 
Index] 
Linked 
Condition 1.8: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(I) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(II) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(III) 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(IV) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7] 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7] [[
] (specify number of days)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(V) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Initial Valuation / Pricing Date(s)]: 
[ ] [Adjusted Valuation Date] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 803 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
804 
(i) 
[Averaging Dates/Pricing 
Dates]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
[Initial Averaging Date(s)/Initial 
Pricing Date(s)]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
[Last Averaging Date/Final Pricing 
Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
[Last Initial Averaging Date/Last 
Initial Pricing Date]: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Last Initial Averaging Dates: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
[Final 
Set 
First 
Averaging 
Date/Final Set First Pricing Date]: 
[[] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business 
Days] for the purposes of 
["Final Set of Averaging 
Dates"/"Final 
Set 
of 
Pricing Dates"]: 
[] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days]. 
Initial Average Price: 
[Initial Average Share Price] [Initial Average 
Closing Share Price] [Initial Average Share 
Reference Price] [Initial Average Index 
Level] [Initial Average Closing Index Level] 
[Initial Average Index Reference Price] 
[Initial Average Commodity Price] [Initial 
Average Commodity Reference Price] [The 
arithmetic means of the FX Rates on each of 
the Initial Averaging Date] [The arithmetic 
mean of the NAV on each of the Initial 
Averaging Dates] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Price] [Initial Average Futures 
Contract Reference Price] [Not Applicable]. 
Asset Initial Price: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset,] [
][, being] [the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Average Price] [Initial Price] [Entry 
Level] [of such Underlying Asset] [In respect 
of [each/the] Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth in the Underlying Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Asset Initial Price" [in the 
row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset]] [Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Final Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] [Final 
Reference Date / Last Averaging Date / Final 
Pricing Date] [Not Applicable]. 
Adjusted Asset Initial Reference Date: 
[[Latest 
Reference 
Date 
/ 
Latest 
Determination Date] in respect of the] [Initial 
Reference Date / Last Initial Averaging Date 
/ Last Initial Pricing Date] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 804 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
805 
FX (Final) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] [Final 
FX Valuation Date] [[] (Specify number) 
[FX Business Day(s) / Business Day(s) / 
calendar day(s) following []] [[] (specify 
date)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted 
Final FX Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
FX (Initial) Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Initial FX Valuation Date] [Initial 
FX Valuation Date] [[] (specify number) 
[FX Business Day[s] / Business Day[s] / 
calendar days] following []] [[] (specify 
date)] [Not Applicable.] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
FX Specified Days for "Adjusted 
Initial FX Valuation Date": 
[] [Business Day[s] / Publication Fixing 
Day[s] / calendar days] [Not Applicable]. 
Final FX Valuation Date: 
[[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] [the 
Final Reference Date / the Last Averaging 
Date / the Final Pricing Date] for such 
Underlying Asset] [(specify date)] [Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset,] [Initial 
Reference Date / the Last Initial Averaging 
Date / the Last Initial Pricing Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [] [Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Publication Fixing Day Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
COUPON PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Coupon Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
Interest Basis: 
[[[ ] per cent.] Fixed Rate] [and] 
[[EURIBOR / [] (specify other)] [+/– [] 
per cent.] Floating Rate] [and] [and] 
[Conditional 
Coupon] 
[and] 
[Not 
Applicable] [subject as provided in the 
Coupon Payout Conditions]. 
[(i)] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date] [[] (Specify)] [Not Applicable]. 
[(ii) 
[Fixed/Floating] 
Interest 
Commencement Date:] 
[Issue Date] [The [date on which the] Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on] [] [is

--- Page 805 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
806 
scheduled to fall] [ ] (specify)] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Fixed Rate Note Conditions (General Note 
Condition 7): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/bi-
monthly/monthly/[] (specify)] in arrear] [, 
subject to General Note Condition 7(c)] [Not 
Applicable] [Determined in accordance with 
General Note Condition 7(e) [and/or the 
Coupon Payout Conditions] and set forth in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the column 
entitled "Rate of Interest"]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] / [] 
(specify date(s))[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]. [The Interest Period[s] shall be 
["Adjusted"/"Unadjusted"].] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set forth in 
the Interest Rate Table below in the column 
entitled "Fixed Coupon Amount"] [Not 
Applicable]. 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Fixed Coupon 
Amount)] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
- Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[].] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] 
[and] [] (Insert particulars of any initial or 
broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond 
with 
the 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate)] [Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis]. 
(vi) 
Step 
Up 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Conditions 
(General 
Note 
Condition 7(e)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete the table below) 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Business Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention /

--- Page 806 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
807 
Floating Rate Convention / Eurodollar 
Convention / No Adjustment]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Rate Table 
[Interest Period] 
[Rate of Interest] 
[Fixed Coupon Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period 
[falling in the period] 
commencing on (and 
including) the [Fixed Interest 
Commencement Date] [and 
ending on (but excluding) the 
[date on which the] Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
[The/Each] Interest Period 
[falling in the period] 
commencing on (and 
including) the [date on which 
the] [Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on [] [is 
scheduled to fall] [and ending 
on (but excluding) the [date on 
which the] Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall on [] 
[is scheduled to fall]] [repeat 
as required] 
[[] per cent. per annum 
[repeat as required]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
[repeat as required] 
Floating Rate Note Conditions (General 
Note Condition 8): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[The [] day of [month], [month] [repeat as 
required] in each calendar year from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] [] 
(specify date(s)). 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Business Day 
Convention / Nearest/Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / 
Floating Rate Convention / Eurodollar 
Convention / No Adjustment]. 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] [and] [Steepener Floating 
Rate Conditions]. 
(v) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(General Note Condition 8(c)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which the 
Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating

--- Page 807 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
808 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which "Screen 
Rate Determination" is specified to be 
applicable in Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period]]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Bloomberg Page/Reuters Screen] shall 
prevail. 
(b) 
Reference Rate Currency: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference Rate 
and the Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Rate Currency" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference Rate 
or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(c) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Any relevant day] [[] Rate Business Days 
prior to [any relevant day] [the [] day of the 
relevant Interest Period] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference Rate 
or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[Bloomberg Page: [ ]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: [ ]] [In respect of the Primary 
Reference Rate and the Secondary Reference 
Rate, as set out in the table below in the 
column entitled "Relevant Screen Page(s)" in 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference 
Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Relevant Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary Reference Rate 
and the Secondary Reference Rate, as set out 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Relevant 
Maturity" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference Rate 
or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Relevant Time" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary Reference 
Rate or the Secondary Reference Rate (as 
applicable)]. 
(g) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [TARGET] [US Govt SBD] [In respect 
of the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the

--- Page 808 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
809 
table below in the column entitled "Relevant 
Financial Centre" in the row corresponding 
to the Primary Reference Rate or the 
Secondary Reference Rate (as applicable)]. 
(h) 
Specified 
Time 
for 
the 
purposes of the definition of 
"Reference Rate" in General 
Note Condition 12 (c) (ii): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [In respect of the 
Primary Reference Rate and the Secondary 
Reference Rate, as set out in the table below 
in the column entitled "Specified Time for 
the purposes of the definition of "Reference 
Rate" in General Note Condition 12 (c) (ii) in 
the row corresponding to the Primary 
Reference Rate or the Secondary Reference 
Rate (as applicable)]. 
(i) 
Reference Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary Reference Rate and the 
Secondary Reference Rate, as set out in the 
table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference Rate 0% Floor" in the row 
corresponding to the Primary Reference Rate 
or 
Secondary 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)]. 
(j) 
Multiple 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. [The Primary 
Reference Rate is applicable in respect of 
each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Primary Reference Rate" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period below. The Secondary 
Reference Rate is applicable in respect of 
each Interest Period in respect of which 
"Secondary Reference Rate" is specified to 
be applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period].] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the table below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Reference Rate 
Currency] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Screen 
Page(s)] 
[Relevant 
Maturity] 
[Relevant Time] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Specified Time 
for the purposes of 
the definition of 
"Reference Rate" 
in General Note 
Condition 12 (c) 
(ii) 
[Reference Rate 
0% Floor] 
Direct Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
Fallback: 
Primary Reference 
Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[][Any relevant 
day] [[] Rate 
Business Days prior 
to [any relevant 
day] [the [] day 
of the relevant 
Interest Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: [
]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: []] 
[] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
Secondary 
Reference Rate 
[Bloomberg 
Page/Reuters 
Screen] shall 
prevail. 
[] 
[Any relevant day] 
[[] Rate 
Business Days prior 
to [any relevant 
day] [the [] day 
of the relevant 
Interest Period] 
[Bloomberg Page: [
]] [and] [Reuters 
Screen: []] 
[] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[] [TARGET] 
[US Govt SBD] 
[[]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable / Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 809 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
810 
(vi) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Note Condition 8(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily SOFR (Lag):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless either of Compounded 
Daily SOFR (Shift) or Index Determination 
is applicable) 
-
Compunded Daily SOFR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily SOFR 
(Lag) is applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business  
Day(s) (Specify for Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
-
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End 
Date] (N.B. This should not be more than the 
number of days specified as "p")
(vii) 
€STR Floating Rate (General Note 
Condition 8(e): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily €STR 
(Shift) is applicable) 
-
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Applicable, unless Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lag) is applicable) 
-
p: 
[●] TARGET2 Settlement Days 
-
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date (N.B. this 
should not be more than the number of days 
specified as "p") 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination (General Note 
Condition 8(d)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period] [in respect of which the 
Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which "ISDA 
Determination" is specified to be applicable 
in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Applicable Floating Rate Note 
Conditions" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period]]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions][2021 Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and 
the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the 
table below in the column entitled "Floating

--- Page 810 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
811 
Rate Option" in the row corresponding to the 
Primary ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate 
(as applicable)]. 
["Non-Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of day) 
preceding the Reset Date]. 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] [In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and 
the Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the 
table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Designated 
Maturity" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[First]/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end 
[ ] (specify)] [In respect of the Primary 
ISDA Rate and the Secondary ISDA Rate, as 
set out in the table below in the column 
entitled 
"Reset 
Date" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate or 
Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
(e) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below in the column entitled "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method/Averaging Method" 
in the row corresponding to the Primary 
ISDA Rate or Secondary ISDA Rate (as 
applicable)]. [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Lookback/Observation 
Period Shift: 
[In respect of the Primary ISDA Rate and the 
Secondary ISDA Rate, as set out in the table 
below 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Lookback/Observation Period Shift" in the 
row corresponding to the Primary ISDA Rate 
or Secondary ISDA Rate (as applicable)]. 
[Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
ISDA Rate 0% Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [In respect of 
the Primary ISDA Rate and the Secondary 
ISDA Rate, as set out in the table below in 
the column entitled "ISDA Rate 0% Floor" in 
the row corresponding to the Primary ISDA 
Rate 
or 
Secondary 
ISDA 
Rate 
(as 
applicable)]. 
(h) 
Multiple 
ISDA 
Determination Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. [The Primary 
ISDA Rate is applicable in respect of each 
Interest Period in respect of which "Primary 
ISDA Rate" is specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period. The Secondary ISDA Rate is

--- Page 811 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
812 
applicable in respect of each Interest Period 
in respect of which "Secondary ISDA Rate" 
is specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period.] (If Not Applicable, delete the table 
below) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option]
[Designated 
Maturity]
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method/ 
Averaging 
Method]
[Lookback/ 
Observation 
Period Shift]
[Reset Date]
[ISDA Rate 
0% Floor]
Primary 
ISDA Rate 
[]. 
["Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag 
Specified 
Day" shall be 
the 
[ ] 
[Business 
Day] [ ] 
(specify 
other type of 
day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding 
with Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[ ] Applicable 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding or 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback applies) 
[[] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies) 
[First/[ ]] day of 
an Interest Period / 
The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last 
day of an Interest 
Period / The day 
[following/on 
which] an Interest 
Period is scheduled 
to end / [ ] 
(specify)]. 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
Secondary 
ISDA Rate 
[]. 
["Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag" 
is 
applicable. 
The 
"Non-
Standard 
ISDA 
Rate 
Lag 
Specified 
Day" shall be 
the 
[ ] 
[Business 
Day] [ ] 
(specify 
other type of 
day) 
preceding the 
Reset Date.] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding 
with Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Overnight 
Averaging] 
[Averaging with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[ ] Applicable 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding or 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback applies) 
[[] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] 
(Populate 
if 
Compounding or 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
applies) 
[[First/[]] day of 
an Interest Period / 
The 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
following the last 
day of an Interest 
Period / The day 
[following/on 
which] an Interest 
Period is scheduled 
to end / [ ] 
(specify)]. 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Steepener Floating Rate Conditions 
(General Note Condition 8(g)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of 
[each Interest Period [in respect of which the 
Interest Basis is specified to be "Floating 
Rate" in the table below] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
"Steepener Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions"

--- Page 812 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
813 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiple Steepener Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [Steepener 
Rate 1 is applicable in respect of each Interest 
Period in respect of which "Steepener Rate 
1" is specified to be applicable in the Interest 
Rate 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period. Steepener Rate 2 is applicable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of 
which "Steepener Rate 2" is specified to be 
applicable in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Applicable Floating Rate 
Note Conditions" in the row corresponding 
to such Interest Period]. 
(b) 
ISDA Rate 1: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ].["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of day) 
preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 1 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 1 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 1 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
ISDA Rate 2: 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ].["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] (specify other type of day) 
preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[].

--- Page 813 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
814 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 2 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 2 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 2 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
ISDA Rate 3: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ].["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of day) 
preceding the Reset Date.] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 3 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 3 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 3 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
ISDA Rate 4: 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ].["Non-Standard ISDA Rate Lag" is 
applicable. The "Non-Standard ISDA Rate 
Lag Specified Day" shall be the [ ] 
[Business Day] [] (specify other type of day) 
preceding the Reset Date.]

--- Page 814 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
815 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]. 
− 
Reset Date: 
[[First/[]] day of an Interest Period] [The 
Interest Payment Date following the last day 
of an Interest Period] [The day [following/on 
which] an Interest Period is scheduled to end] 
[] (specify). 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Cap: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 4 Cap" in the row corresponding to such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
ISDA Rate 4 Floor: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum / In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "ISDA 
Rate 4 Floor" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [+/−] [] 
per cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. 
(xi) 
Participation Rate: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, []] [In 
respect of an Interest Period, the amount set 
forth in the Interest Rate Table in the column 
entitled "Participation Rate" in the row 
corresponding to such Interest Period]. 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum 
Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Period, [] per 
cent. per annum] [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the amount set forth in the Interest 
Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum 
Rate of Interest" in the row corresponding to 
such Interest Period] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [In respect of an Interest Period, as 
specified in the Interest Rate Table in the 
column entitled "Day Count Fraction" in the 
row corresponding to such Interest Period. 
(xv) 
Specified Period: 
[] (Specify if Floating Rate Convention is 
the applicable Business Day Convention)] 
[Not Applicable].

--- Page 815 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
816 
(xvi) 
Capped Floored Floating Rate Note 
Conditions 
(General 
Note 
Condition 8(i)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of] 
[each Interest Period] [the Interest Periods 
commencing on (and including) []] [each 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
"Capped 
Floored 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Conditions" are specified to be applicable in 
the Interest Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Applicable Floating Rate Note Conditions" 
in the row corresponding to such Interest 
Period]. 
(xvii) 
Cut-off Date: 
[Applicable − [ ] Business Day[s]] [Not 
Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Rate Table 
Change of Interest Basis (General Note 
Condition 9): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Interest Period 
Interest Basis 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the 
[Fixed/Floating] Interest Commencement Date 
[and ending on (but excluding) the [date on 
which the] Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall on [] [is scheduled to fall]] 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
[The/Each] Interest Period [falling in the period] 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on [] [and 
ending on (but excluding) the [date on which 
the] Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on [
] [is scheduled to fall]] (repeat as required) 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
Conditional Coupon (Coupon Payout 
Condition 1.3): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Deferred 
Conditional 
Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Memory 
Coupon 
(Deferred): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Coupon Payment Event" in the Coupon 
Payout 
Conditions, 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Reference Value [greater than] [less than] [or

--- Page 816 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
817 
equal to] the Coupon Barrier Level] [Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value less than [or equal 
to] Coupon Barrier Level 1 and greater than 
[or equal to] Coupon Barrier Level 2] is 
applicable in respect of each Coupon 
Observation Date] [in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Payment 
Event 
applicable 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date is set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Payment Event" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation 
Date].  
[Coupon 
Payment 
Event 
(Inverse) 
is 
applicable.] 
(iv) 
Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value: 
[Coupon Barrier Closing Price] [Coupon 
Barrier Basket Value] [Coupon Barrier Asset 
Performance] [Coupon Barrier Intraday 
Price] [Coupon Basket Value] [In respect of 
a Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon 
Barrier Reference Value applicable to such 
Coupon Observation Date is set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
"Coupon Barrier Reference Value" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date]. (If Coupon Barrier 
Basket Value or Coupon Basket Value is not 
specified, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph (iv))
[Coupon Barrier Reference Value (Inverse) 
is applicable [to all Coupon Observation 
Dates] [to the following Coupon Observation 
Dates: [specify].] [Coupon Barrier Reference 
Value (Inverse) is applicable in respect of 
each Coupon Observation Dates as set forth 
in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column "Coupon Barrier Reference Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date.] 
− 
Weight (i): 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, [] 
(specify amount) [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [ ] 
(specify amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation

--- Page 817 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
818 
Date] [Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon Barrier Level 1: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [ ] 
(specify amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding to the Coupon Observation 
Date] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Coupon Barrier Level 2: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [ ] 
(specify amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth in the Contingent Coupon Table for 
the Underlying Asset in the column "Coupon 
Barrier Level 2" in the row corresponding to 
the 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Coupon Observation Date: 
[The [Valuation Date(s) / Pricing Date(s)] 
scheduled to fall on] [] (specify dates) / 
[Each date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Observation Date"]. 
(vii) 
Coupon Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding 
to such Coupon Observation Date, [] [the 
Initial Reference Date] [for such Underlying 
Asset] [the Coupon Observation Date 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date] [or, if there is no

--- Page 818 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
819 
immediately preceding Coupon Observation 
Date, the Initial Reference Date] [for such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Contingent Coupon Table below in the 
column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date (and such date 
shall be [included in] [excluded from] such 
Coupon Observation Period)]. 
(d) 
Coupon Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[a] [the] Coupon Observation Date and the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding 
to such Coupon Observation Date, [] [such 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Underlying Asset] [the date specified in the 
Contingent Coupon Table below in the 
column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
End Date" in the row corresponding to which 
such Coupon Observation Date (and such 
date shall be [included in] [excluded from] 
such Coupon Observation Period)]. 
(viii) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Coupon Value: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amount or percentage) [In 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the 
amount set forth in the Contingent Coupon 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date] [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, either the Multi-Coupon 
Value 
1 
or 
Multi-Coupon 
Value 
2 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date as determined in accordance with the 
Conditions] 
[Coupon 
Value 
Multiplier 
Method is [not] applicable.]. (If Coupon 
Value Multiplier Method is not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
- Coupon Value Multiplicand: 
[]. 
(x) 
Coupon Payment Date: 
[] (specify date) [In respect of a Coupon 
Observation Date, the date set forth in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Payment Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date.] [Maturity Date] [Not Applicable]. 
[The Coupon Payment Date shall be: 
(i) 
the 
Autocall 
Payment 
Date 
following 
the 
first 
Autocall 
Observation Date (if any) on which 
an Autocall Event occurs; or

--- Page 819 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
820 
(ii) 
if no Autocall Event occurs on any 
Autocall Observation Date, the 
Maturity Date]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
First Coupon Payment Date 
Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] [the [Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment Date 
other than the Maturity Date] [each Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in respect of which the column 
"Adjusted as a Coupon Payment Date" is 
specified to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
Business Day(s) for the 
purposes of "First Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] Business Day[s] following the 
[Scheduled Coupon Observation Date] 
[Relevant Coupon Payment Determination 
Date]. 
− 
Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to/immediately preceding] 
such Coupon Payment Date] [ ] (specify 
other date) [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Second Coupon Payment 
Date Specific Adjustment: 
[Applicable in respect of] the Coupon 
Payment Dates scheduled to fall on [ ] 
(specify dates)] [each Coupon Payment Date 
other than the Maturity Date] [each Coupon 
Payment Date set forth in the Contingent 
Coupon Table in respect of which the column 
"Adjusted as a Coupon Payment Date" is 
specified to be applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
Business Day(s) for the 
purposes of "Second Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s]] [Clearing System 
Business Day[s] [calendar day[s]] []]. 
− 
Relevant Coupon Payment 
Determination Date: 
[The [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to/immediately preceding] 
such Coupon Payment Date] [ ] (specify 
other date) [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Multi-Coupon Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Multi-Coupon Value Barrier 
Level: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset 
and each Coupon Observation Date,] [ ] 
(specify amount)[, being] [[] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying

--- Page 820 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
821 
Asset] [In respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date and an Underlying Asset, the amount 
set forth for the Underlying Asset in the 
Contingent Coupon Table in the column 
entitled "Multi-Coupon Value Barrier Level" 
in the row corresponding to the Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(b) 
Multi-Coupon Value 1: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amount) [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 1" in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date].  
(c) 
Multi-Coupon Value 2: 
[In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date] [] (specify amount) [In respect of a 
Coupon Observation Date, the amount set 
forth in the Contingent Coupon Table in the 
column entitled "Multi-Coupon Value 2" in 
the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Observation Date]. 
(xii) 
Simultaneous 
Coupon 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate Coupon Amounts] [Highest 
Coupon Amount] [Lowest Coupon Amount] 
[Average Coupon Amount] is applicable.]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
Contingent Coupon Table 
AUTOCALL PAYOUT CONDITIONS
Automatic Early Redemption (General 
Note Condition 10(g)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Applicable Date(s): 
[] [Each Autocall Observation Date] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] [Each date set forth in the Autocall Table 
in the column entitled "Automatic Early 
Redemption Date"] [[ ] Business Day[s] 
following the Applicable Date]. 
(a) 
First 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 821 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
822 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes of 
"First 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[ ] [Business Day[s] / Clearing System 
Business Day[s] / calendar day[s]] following 
the [Scheduled Applicable Date] [Relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination 
Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] [Last Autocall Averaging Date / Final 
Autocall Pricing Date] [Applicable Date 
corresponding to such Scheduled Automatic 
Early Redemption Date] [The Applicable 
Date [falling latest in time] corresponding to 
such 
Scheduled 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date] [] (specify other date) 
(b) 
Second 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s) for the purposes of 
"Second Automatic Early 
Redemption Date Specific 
Adjustment": 
[In respect of each Applicable Date 
corresponding to a Scheduled Automatic 
Early Redemption Date,] [ ] [Business 
Day[s]] [Clearing System Business Day[s] 
[calendar day[s]] []] [as specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled 
"Automatic Early Redemption Specified 
Day(s)" in the row corresponding to such 
Applicable Date]. 
− 
Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date: 
[The] [Latest Reference Date in respect of 
the] [Last Autocall Averaging Date / Final 
Autocall Pricing Date] [Applicable Date 
corresponding to such Scheduled Automatic 
Early Redemption Date] [The Applicable 
Date falling latest in time corresponding to 
such 
Scheduled 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date] [] (specify other date) 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] [In respect of each Applicable Date, the 
Autocall Event Amount corresponding to 
such Applicable Date] 
Autocall Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall Event: 
Applicable, [for the purposes of the 
definition of "Autocall Event" in the Autocall 
Payout Conditions, [Best-of] [Worst-of] 
[Autocall Reference Value] [less than] 
[greater than] [or equal to] [[the] [its] 
Autocall Level] [Targeted Accrual Autocall] 
is applicable in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date] [in respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the Autocall Event 
applicable to such Autocall Observation Date 
is set forth in the Autocall Table in the 
column "Autocall Event" in the row

--- Page 822 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
823 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]. 
[Autocall Event (Inverse) is applicable [to all 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates] 
[to 
the 
following Autocall Observation Dates: 
[specify].] [Autocall Event (Inverse) is 
applicable in respect of each Autocall 
Observation Date as set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Event" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date.] 
− 
No Coupon Amount payable 
following Autocall Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Daily 
Autocall 
Event 
Amount: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
(b) 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Autocall Reference Value: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Autocall Basket Value] [Autocall 
Asset Performance] [In respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall 
Reference Value applicable to such Autocall 
Observation Date is set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Reference 
Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date]. (If Autocall 
Basket Value is not specified or the definition 
of Autocall Reference Value does not require 
the determination of the Autocall Asset 
Performance, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
[Autocall Reference Value (Inverse) is 
applicable [to all Autocall Observation 
Dates] 
[to 
the 
following 
Autocall 
Observation Dates: [specify].] [Autocall 
Reference Value (Inverse) is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation Date as 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Reference Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date.] 
(a) 
Autocall Asset Price: 
[Autocall Closing Price] [Autocall Average 
Price] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Weight: 
[In respect of [each/the] Underlying Asset, [
] (specify amount)] [In respect of [], [] 
(specify amount)] [as set forth in the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Weighting" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable].

--- Page 823 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
824 
(iv) 
Autocall Level: 
[In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date and [the/each] Underlying Asset,] 
[(specify Underlying Asset)] [ ] (specify 
amount)[, being] [[] of the Asset Initial 
Price] [of such Underlying Asset] [(repeat 
for each Underlying Asset as required)] [In 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date [and 
an 
Underlying 
Asset], 
the 
[value] 
[percentage of the Asset Initial Price of such 
Underlying Asset] set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Level" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Autocall 
Level 
Comparative 
Method:  
[Applicable in respect of [[each/the] Autocall 
Observation Date[s] [falling on the Valuation 
Date[s] scheduled to fall on []]] [Autocall 
Level Comparative Method is applicable in 
respect of each Autocall Observation Date as 
set forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Level Comparative Method" in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] [Not Applicable].  
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Autocall Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable) 
− 
Autocall Asset Comparative Price 
Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 
− 
Autocall Level Floor: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Autocall 
Observation Date[s] [falling on the Valuation 
Date[s] scheduled to fall on []]] [] [In 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date and 
each Underlying Asset, the [amount] 
[percentage] set forth in the Autocall Table 
in the column "Autocall Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]. 
(v) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date: 
[The [Valuation Date / Pricing Date/ 
Averaging Date] scheduled to fall on [] 
(Specify applicable dates) [Each date set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
entitled "Autocall Observation Date"]]/[Each 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation) 
scheduled to fall in the Autocall Observation 
Period]. 
− 
Specified 
Number 
of 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled Commodity 
Business 
Days] 
for 
the 
purposes of ["Set of Autocall 
Averaging Dates"/"Set of 
Autocall Pricing Dates"]: 
[] [Scheduled Trading Days / Scheduled 
Commodity Business Days].

--- Page 824 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
825 
(vi) 
Autocall Observation Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled 
"Autocall Observation Period Start Date" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset. 
(c) 
Autocall Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Autocall Table in the column entitled " 
Autocall Observation Period End Date" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset. 
(vii) 
Autocall Event Amount:  
In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date, [[] (specify amount) [the amount set 
forth in the Autocall Table in the column 
"Autocall Event Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date]] / [the Daily Autocall Event Amount] 
[the Autocall Floored Weighted Basket 
Event Amount corresponding to such 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date]] 
[Autocall 
Multiplier Method is applicable] . (if the 
Autocall Event Amount is not the Autocall 
Floored Weighted Basket Event Amount and 
Autocall Multiplier Method is not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[- Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable (in respect of the Autocall 
Event Amount)] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date:
[].]
(a)
Autocall Protection Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b)
Autocall 
Event 
Floor 
Amount: 
[] [In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date, the amount set forth in the Autocall 
Table in the column "Autocall Event Floor 
Amount" in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date"] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(c)
Autocall 
Event 
Base 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 825 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
826 
(d)
Autocall 
Value 
Multiplicand: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Simultaneous 
Autocall 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[Aggregate 
Autocall 
Event 
Amounts] 
[Highest Autocall Event Amount] [Lowest 
Autocall Event Amount] [Average Autocall 
Event Amount] is applicable]. 
(x) 
Autocall Observation Period (Per 
AOD): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Autocall Observation Period 
Start Date (Per AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, [] [the Initial Reference Date] [for 
such Underlying Asset] [the Autocall 
Observation Date immediately preceding 
such Autocall Observation Date] [or, if there 
is no immediately preceding Autocall 
Observation Date, the Initial Reference Date] 
[for such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Autocall Table below in the 
column 
entitled 
"Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start Date (Per AOD)" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] (and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded from] such Autocall Observation 
Period (Per AOD))]. 
(c) 
Autocall Observation Period 
End Date (Per AOD): 
In respect of [each] [the] Underlying Asset, 
[an] [the] Autocall Observation Date and the 
Autocall Observation Period (Per AOD) 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, [] [such Autocall Observation Date] 
[for such Underlying Asset] [the date 
specified in the Autocall Table below in the 
column 
entitled 
"Autocall 
Observation 
Period End Date (Per AOD)" in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] (and such date shall be [included in] 
[excluded from] such Autocall Observation 
Period (Per AOD))]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required]

--- Page 826 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
827 
AUTOCALL TABLE 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date] 
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date] [(Per 
AOD)]] 
[Autocall 
Level 
Comparative 
Method] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Period End 
Date][(Per 
AOD)]] 
[Autocall 
Level Floor] 
[Specified 
Number of] 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business Days]
[Automatic 
Early Exercise 
Date] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Exercise 
Specified 
Day(s)] 
[Autocall 
Event] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value] 
[Autocall 
Level]
[Autocall Event 
Amount]  
[The 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] / 
[Averaging 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
[Specify 
applicable 
date] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat as 
necessary) 
The [Initial 
Reference 
Date] 
[Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
The [Valuation 
Date / Pricing 
Date] 
scheduled to 
fall on] [] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] [Scheduled 
Trading Days] 
[Scheduled 
Commodity 
Business Days] 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] (repeat as 
required) 
[Specify 
applicable 
dates] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Best-of] 
[Worst-of] 
[Autocall 
Reference 
Value] [less 
than] [greater 
than] [or equal 
to] [[the] [its] 
Autocall 
Level] 
[Targeted 
Accrual 
Autocall] is 
applicable 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Autocall 
Event (Inverse) 
is applicable] 
[Autocall 
Closing Price] 
[Autocall 
Average Price] 
[Autocall Basket 
Value] [Autocall 
Asset 
Performance] is 
applicable 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Autocall 
Reference Value 
(Inverse) is 
applicable] 
[] 
[Specify 
amount]
[Specify amount] 
(repeat as required) 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par/Share Linked/Index 
Linked/Commodity 
Linked/FX 
Linked/ 
/Zero 
Coupon 
Notes/Credit 
Linked 
Redemption as per Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions and paragraph 47]]. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(General Note Condition 10(b)): 
[Applicable – General Note Condition 10(b) 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if later, the] [The] [
] Business Day following [each] [the 
corresponding] Call Option Notice Date]/[As 
specified in in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
(ii) 
Call Option Notice Date(s): 
[[ ]/Each date set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Call Option Notice Date(s)"]. 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[In respect of each Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [[] per Calculation Amount] 
[the amount set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column "Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) (Call)" in the row 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)]. [Accrued interest payable]. 
(iv) 
Call 
Option 
Notice 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required]

--- Page 827 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
828 
[Optional Redemption Table] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[insert] 
[insert] [[or, [if later, the] [The] 
[] Business Day following the 
Call Option Notice Date] 
[insert] 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
(General Note Condition 10(c)): 
[Applicable – General Note Condition 10(c) 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Put): 
[Default Optional Redemption Date (Put) / [
] Business Day(s) following the relevant 
Put Option Exercise Date]. 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Put): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount. [Accrued 
interest payable.] 
(iii) 
Put Option Notice Period: 
[Default Notice Period / [ ] [day[s]]/ 
Business Day[s] before each Optional 
Redemption Date (Put)]. 
(iv) 
Specified Time for the purposes of 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
Relevant 
Clearing 
System receiving the Put Option 
Notice 
under 
General 
Note 
Condition 10(f): 
[For the purposes of General Note Condition 
10(d), Specified Time is: [insert time and 
place] / Not Applicable]. 
Zero Coupon Note Conditions: 
[Applicable / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Reference Price: 
[][Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Accreted Value 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ ] [Default Day Count Fraction] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(v) 
Accrual Commencement Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
(General Note Condition 10(a)): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]. 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is Share Linked, Index Linked, 
Commodity Linked, FX Linked, Fund 
Linked or Futures Contract Linked
(If Final Redemption Amount is not linked to 
any 
Underlying 
Asset(s), 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
− 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Share 
and/or Index and/or Commodity 
[Payout Conditions] apply (see further 
particulars 
specified 
below)/Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 828 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
829 
and/or FX Rate and/or Fund Linked 
and/or Futures Contract Linked 
FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
Single Limb Payout (Payout Condition 
1.1): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Participation Security (Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(i):
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ii) 
Participation 
FX 
Security 
(Payout Condition 1.1(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance]

--- Page 829 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
830 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
"Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable]. 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] / []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[]/ [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Payout 
Condition 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.1(a)(iii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Delta-One 
Security 
(Performance) (Payout Condition 
1.1(a)(iv)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 830 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
831 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(v)        Redemption Percentage (Payout 
Condition 1.1(a)(v)): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
Redemption Percentage: 
[] / [Not Applicable].] 
(vi) 
Multiple 
Limb 
Payout 
(Payout Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(vii) 
Trigger Event 
(Payout Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Payout 1: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Percentage: 
[]. 
(b) 
Trigger Payout 2: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Trigger Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance]

--- Page 831 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
832 
[Minimum Performance] [Trigger Floored 
Weighted Basket Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger 
Event 
Floor 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Trigger Protection Level: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Payout 3: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Annual Rate: 
[]. 
− 
Base Amount: 
[]. 
(d) 
Trigger Cap: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Trigger Floor: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Payout 1 (Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(A)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption Percentage: 
[] [Insert amount]. 
(ix) 
Payout 2 (Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(B)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the

--- Page 832 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
833 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Payout 
3 
(Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i)(C)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Participation: 
[]. 
(b) 
Participation Put: 
[]. 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(d) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(e) 
Reference Price (Call): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(f) 
Reference Price (Put): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(g) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Cap: 
[] / [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(i) 
Floor: 
[] / [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Payout 
4 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(D)): 
Not Applicable / Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Bonus: 
[]. 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[]. 
(c) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance]

--- Page 833 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
834 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] / [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] / [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Payout 
5 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(E)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row

--- Page 834 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
835 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(c) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(d) 
Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Payout 
6 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(F)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
(a) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(b) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 835 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
836 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Payout 
7 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(E)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[] 
(d) 
Participation: 
[] 
(e) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] [] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 836 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
837 
(xv) 
Payout 
8 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(G)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If not 
applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance] 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] [Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Payout 
9 
(Payout 
Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(H)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the

--- Page 837 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
838 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[] 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Participation: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Payout 10 (Payout Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(I)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable].

--- Page 838 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
839 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Booster Cap: 
[] 
(c) 
Participation Put: 
[] 
(d) 
Protection Level: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Participation: 
[] 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return] [Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
FX (Initial): 
[The Exchange Rate in respect of the FX 
(Initial) Valuation Date] []. 
(i) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(j) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Payout 11 (Payout Condition 
1.2(b)(i)(J)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Perf: 
[Underlying 
Performance] 
[Basket 
Performance] 
[Maximum 
Performance] 
[Minimum Performance] [Temple Basket 
Performance]. 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.]. 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
− 
j: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Replacement Performance: 
[] [per cent.] [Not Applicable]. 
− 
Local Cap: 
[] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 839 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
840 
− 
Local Floor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Strike: 
[]. 
(c) 
Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Downside 
Cash 
Settlement 
(Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A)):  
[Not Applicable / Applicable, for the purpose 
of Payout Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A) [Single 
Asset] [Worst of Basket] [Best of Basket] 
[Minimum Percentage] [Weighted Basket] 
[Buffered Downside] [Basket Buffered 
Downside] [and Final Asset FX] [and 
Booster] [and FXR] [and Downside Put] is 
applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] / [Final Average Price] 
/ [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Initial 
Value" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Downside Cap: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Downside Floor: 
[] [Insert amount] / [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Asset FX: 
[Non-Inverse Return] / [Inverse Return] / 
[Not Applicable]. 
(h) 
Buffer Level: 
[] (Insert amount) [, being [] per cent. [of 
the Asset Initial Price]] / [Not Applicable]]. 
(i) 
Reference Price (Final): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 1.2(c) 
(i)(A) [Final Closing Price] [Final Average 
Price] / [Not Applicable]. 
(j) 
Reference Price (Initial): 
For the purpose of Payout Condition 1.2(c) 
(i)(A), [[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing 
Price] [Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] 
[Entry Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect 
of each Underlying Asset, the amount 
specified in the Underlying Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Reference 
Price 
(Initial)" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(k) 
Perf: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition Payout 
Condition 
1.2(c) 
(i)(A), 
[Underlying

--- Page 840 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
841 
Performance] [Basket Performance].] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Final/Initial (FX): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Asset FX 
[Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse Return]. 
− 
Reference Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
[Lookback Price]. [For the purposes of the 
definition of Lookback Price, [highest] 
[lowest] is applicable.] 
− 
Reference Price (Initial): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Price (Initial)" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[specify amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify 
amount]] / [[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset,] as set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Weighting" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(l) 
Strike: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), []] / [Not Applicable]. 
(m) 
Participation: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition Payout 
Condition 1.2(c)(i)(A), [ ]] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
(n) 
FXR: 
[For the purpose of Payout Condition 
1.2(c)(i)(A), [Non-Inverse Return] [Inverse 
Return]] [Not Applicable]. 
(o) 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Value): 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(p) 
Reference 
Value 
(Initial 
Value): 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [] [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, 
the 
amount 
specified 
in 
the 
Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Value (Initial Value)" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Downside Physical Settlement 
(Payout Condition 1.2(c)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable, for the purpose 
of Payout Condition 1.2(c)(ii), [Single Asset] 
[Worst of Basket] is applicable]. 
Barrier 
Event 
Conditions 
(Payout 
Condition 2): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 841 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
842 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Barrier Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal] to the Barrier Level [1] [or 
less than [or equal to] the Barrier Level 2] is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Barrier Reference Value: 
[Barrier Closing Price] [Barrier Average 
Price] [Barrier Intraday Price] [Barrier Worst 
Closing Price] [Barrier Best Closing Price] 
[Barrier Basket Value] [Barrier Asset 
Performance] 
[Barrier 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Barrier 
Best 
Asset 
Performance] is applicable. (If Barrier 
Basket Value, Barrier Asset Performance, 
Barrier Worst Asset Performance or Barrier 
Best Asset Performance is not specified, 
delete the sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Barrier Asset Price: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[specify amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify 
amount]] / [[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset,] as set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Weighting" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Barrier Level: 
[specify amount] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Barrier Level 1: 
[(specify amount)][, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level 1" in the row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Barrier Level 2: 
[(specify amount)] [, being [] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [In respect of each Underlying 
Asset, the [value] [percentage of the Asset 
Initial Price of such Underlying Asset] set 
forth in the Barrier and Trigger Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Level 2" in the row

--- Page 842 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
843 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset] 
[Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Barrier 
Observation Period). 
(d) 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Barrier 
Observation Period). 
(v) 
Lock-In Event Condition: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Lock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Lock-
In Event" in the Payout Conditions, Lock-In 
Reference Value [greater than] [less than] [or 
equal] to the Lock-In Level is applicable. 
(b) 
Lock-In Reference Value: 
[Lock-In Closing Price] [Lock-In Basket 
Value] is applicable. 
(c) 
Lock-In Level: 
[specify amount] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, [] per cent. of the Asset 
Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the [value] [percentage of 
the Asset Initial Price of such Underlying 
Asset] set forth in the Barrier and Trigger 
Table in the column entitled "Lock-In Level"

--- Page 843 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
844 
in the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset]. 
(d) 
Lock-in Observation Dates: 
[The [Valuation / Pricing] Date[s] scheduled 
to fall on [insert dates]] [Each Valuation 
Date other than the Final Reference Date]. 
(i) 
Star Event: 
[Applicable. [Final Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset is greater than [or equal to] 
the Star Level.] [Final Closing Price of any 
Underlying Asset in the Asset Basket is 
greater than [or equal to] the Star Level.] 
[Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Star 
Event 
Best 
Asset 
Performance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Star Level: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [
] (specify amount) [, being] [[] per cent. of 
the Asset Initial Price] [of such Underlying 
Asset]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[BARRIER AND TRIGGER TABLE] 
[Underlying 
Asset]
[Barrier Level] 
[1]
[Barrier Level] 
[2]
[Trigger 
Level] 
[Trigger Level 
Floor] 
[Lock-in Level]
[Barrier/Trigger 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date]
[Barrier/Trigger 
Observation 
Period End 
Date]
[] (repeat 
as required)
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. of 
the Asset Initial 
Price] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[] [per cent. 
of the Asset 
Initial Price] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[] 
[] (specify date) 
[] (specify date) 
Trigger 
Event 
Conditions 
(Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trigger Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition 
of "Trigger Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
Trigger Reference Value [greater than] [less 
than] [or equal to] the Trigger Level is 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Trigger Reference Value: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price] [Trigger Intraday Price] [Trigger 
Worst Closing Price] [Trigger Best Closing 
Price] [Trigger Basket Value] [Trigger Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Worst 
Asset 
Performance] 
[Trigger 
Best 
Asset 
Performance]. (If Trigger Basket Value, 
Trigger Asset Performance, Trigger Worst 
Asset Performance or Trigger Best Asset 
Performance is not specified, delete the sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 844 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
845 
(a) 
Trigger Asset Price: 
[Trigger Closing Price] [Trigger Average 
Price]. 
(b) 
Weighting: 
[In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
[specify amount]] / [In respect of [], [specify 
amount]] / [[In respect of each Underlying 
Asset,] as set forth in the Underlying Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Weighting" in 
the row corresponding to such Underlying 
Asset] [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify amount] [, being [] per cent. of the 
Asset Initial Price] / [[In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, []` of the Asset Initial 
Price] / [In respect of each Underlying Asset, 
the [value] [percentage of the Asset Initial 
Price of such Underlying Asset] set forth in 
the Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled 
"Trigger 
Level" in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
− 
Trigger 
Level 
Comparative 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
(delete the following sub-paragraphs if 
"Trigger Level Comparative Method" is Not 
Applicable) 
− 
Trigger Asset Comparative Price 
Observation Date: 
The Valuation Date scheduled to fall on []. 
− 
Trigger Level Floor: 
[In respect of [the/each] Underlying Asset,] [
] [In respect of each Underlying Asset, the 
[amount] [percentage] set forth in the Barrier 
and Trigger Table in the column entitled 
"Trigger 
Level 
Floor" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(iv) 
Trigger 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[[No] Extension is Applicable]. 
(a) 
Observation Date (closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Date/Pricing Date 
deemed to be Observation 
Date (closing valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation Date (intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
−  
Reference Price deemed to 
be Asset Intraday Price: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Trigger Observation Period 
Start Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Trigger Observation Period Start

--- Page 845 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
846 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Trigger 
Observation Period). 
(d) 
Trigger Observation Period 
End Date: 
In respect of [each Underlying Asset/[],] [
] (specify date) / the date specified in the 
Barrier and Trigger Table in the column 
entitled "Trigger Observation Period End 
Date" in the row corresponding to such 
Underlying Asset (and such date shall be 
[included in] [excluded from] the Trigger 
Observation Period). 
Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Converted Currency: 
[] 
(ii) 
Calculation Currency: 
[] 
(iii) 
Currency 
Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate] []. (repeat as necessary) 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] 
[Official fixing rate] [official mid closing 
rate] [spot rate] [mid rate] [fixing rate]. 
(repeat as necessary) 
(v) 
Currency Price Source: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] [] 
(vi) 
Currency Valuation Time: 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
[Cross 
Currency/Calculation Currency exchange 
rate,] [Cross Currency/Converted Currency 
exchange rate,] []. 
(vii) 
Currency Conversion Valuation 
Date: 
[ ] [Adjusted Final FX Valuation Date] 
[Final FX Valuation Date] [(specify number) 
of [Currency Conversion Business Day[s] / 
Business 
Day[s] 
/ 
calendar 
day[s]] 
immediately following [Adjusted Asset Final 
Reference Date / Adjusted Final FX 
Valuation Date/ [ ] [(specify number) of 
Currency 
Conversion 
Business 
Day(s) 
immediately preceding [the Maturity Date / [
]]]. 
− 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 846 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
847 
− 
Non-Default 
Currency 
Conversion Business Day 
for euro: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Currency Conversion Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Currency Conversion Derived Rate: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Cross Currency: 
[] 
Physical 
Settlement 
(General 
Note 
Condition 12(a)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
[Single Asset] [Worst of Basket] is 
applicable. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Physical Settlement Cut-
off Date: 
[Default Physical Settlement Cut-off Date / [
] (specify date)]. 
(iii) 
Deliverable Assets: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 5] [In 
respect of [[]/each Underlying Asset,] [] 
[per cent. of the Initial Value]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(iv) 
Deliverable Assets Price: 
[In respect of [[[]/each Underlying Asset,] [
] per cent. of the Initial Value]. (repeat as 
necessary) 
(v) 
Lot size: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Fractional Cash Amount: 
[As specified in Payout Condition 6 / Not 
Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Amount: 
As specified in Payout Condition 6. 
(viii) 
Initial Value: 
[[] per cent. of the] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Price] [Initial Average Price] [Entry 
Level] [(specify amount)] [In respect of each 
Underlying Asset, the amount specified in 
the Underlying Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Initial 
Value" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Underlying Asset]. 
(ix) 
Final Value: 
[Final Closing Price] [Final Average Price]. 
Non-scheduled 
Early 
Repayment 
Amount: 
[Par plus accrued] [Only specify par for 
Notes not linked to Underlying Asset(s)] [Fair 
Market 
Value] 
[Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Conditions apply]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 847 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
848 
−  
Adjusted for Issuer Expenses and 
Costs:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
SHARE LINKED NOTE / INDEX LINKED NOTE / COMMODITY LINKED NOTE / FX 
LINKED NOTE / FUND LINKED NOTE / FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED NOTED / 
CREDIT LINKED NOTE
Type of Notes 
The Notes are [Share Linked Notes – the 
Share Linked Conditions are applicable / 
Index Linked Notes – the Index Linked 
Conditions are applicable / linked to the 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract 
(as 
defined in paragraph 8 above). The Notes are 
also Index Linked Notes −the Index Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Commodity 
Linked Notes – the Commodity Linked 
Conditions are applicable / FX Linked Notes 
– the FX Linked Conditions are applicable / 
/ Fund Linked Instruments – the Fund Linked 
Conditions are applicable / Futures Contract 
Linked Instruments – the Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions are applicable / Credit 
Linked Notes – the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions are applicable (Specify which 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions 
are 
applicable)]/[Zero Coupon Notes – the 
Underlying 
Asset 
Conditions 
are 
not 
applicable] / [[Fixed Rate Notes] [and] 
[Floating Rate Notes] – the [Fixed Rate Note 
Conditions] [and] [the Floating Rate Note 
Conditions] are applicable]. 
[Delete table or columns if not required] 
[UNDERLYING ASSET TABLE] 
[Underlying 
Asset] 
[Currency] 
[Bloomberg/ 
Reuters] 
[ISIN] 
(specify if 
Underlying 
Asset is a 
Share) 
[Exchange / 
Trading 
Facility/ FX 
Price 
Source] 
[Commodity
]/ Index 
Sponsor] 
[Reference 
Price 
(Initial)] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
(specify if 
applicable) 
[Initial 
Value] 
[Weighting] 
[The 
[ordinary 
shares] [] 
of] [Name of 
Share(s) or 
Share Issuer] 
[The shares 
of the [Name 
of Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s) / 
[The shares 
or units of 
[Name/Class 
of Fund] 
Index(ices) / 
Commodity(i
es) / FX 
Rate(s) / 
Futures 
Contract] 
[([the /each 
an] "[] 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund") 
Share/Index/
Fund"] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[]] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Delete table or columns if not required]

--- Page 848 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
849 
[ASSET FX TABLE] 
[Underlying 
Asset]
[Asset 
Currency]
[Base Currency]
[Asset FX 
(Initial)]
[Asset FX 
Fixing Price 
Sponsor]
[Asset FX 
Valuation Time]
[The [ordinary] 
shares of the 
[Name of 
Share(s) or 
Share Issuer] 
[The shares of 
the [Name of 
Share(s)/Exchan
ge Traded 
Fund(s) 
/Index(ices)] 
[The shares or 
units of the 
[Name/Class of 
Fund] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert currency] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
exchange rate] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
entity] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert relevant 
price source(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[RELEVANT ANNEX – ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES] 
[Reference Entity] 
[Transactio
n Type] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[Reference 
Obligation 
(ISIN)] 
[Standard Reference 
Obligation] 
[Reference 
Entity 
Weighting] 
[Index Sponsor] 
[] (repeat as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as required) 
[] (repeat 
as 
required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as 
required) 
[] (repeat as required) 
Share Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] /. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Share or Share Basket or 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
[Single Share[, being a Share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund] / Share Basket] / [The/Each 
Share comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Share(s): 
[As specified in the column entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table / [The [ordinary shares] [] of] [Name 
of Share(s) or Share Issuer] / The shares of 
the [Exchange Traded Fund / (Bloomberg: [
]; ISIN: [])]. 
(If the Share is the shares of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, insert the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Exchange Traded Fund[s]:] 
[Name 
of 
Share(s)/Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s)] (Bloomberg: []; ISIN: [])] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[] / As specified in the column entitled 
"Exchange" in the Underlying Asset Table]. 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[] / All Exchanges]. 
(v) 
Options Exchange: 
[[] / Related Exchange]. 
(vi) 
Latest Reference Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 849 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
850 
(vii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)]. 
(viii) 
Single Share and Reference Dates − 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(ix) 
Single 
Share 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.2 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates –
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.4 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify)] / [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 850 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
851 
(xii) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify)] / [Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.6 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Share 
Linked Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Share 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Share Linked Condition 1.8 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 7/ 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable, in respect of 
[Final Reference Date/Initial Reference

--- Page 851 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
852 
Date/Final Pricing Date/specify date(s)], the 
Fallback Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / 
Default 
Fallback 
Valuation 
Date 
is 
applicable in respect of [Final Reference 
Date/Initial Reference Date/Final Pricing 
Date/specify date(s)]. 
(xvii) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Extraordinary 
Event 
– 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Correction of Share Price: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default 
Correction 
Cut-off 
Date 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[[the/each] 
Valuation Date/ Initial Valuation Date/ each 
Reference Date/ each Initial Reference Date/ 
each Averaging Reference Date /specify 
date(s)].] 
[In respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date/ 
Initial Valuation Date/each Reference Date 
[(other than the Final Reference Date)] / 
[the/each] Initial Reference Date/ [the/each] 
Averaging Reference Date /specify date(s)], 
[[insert number] Business Days prior to [the 
Maturity Date / the next following date upon 
which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to 
the price of [the/such] Underlying Asset] / [
] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as necessary) 
(xxiii) Depositary Receipts Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Depositary Receipts: 
[] 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[[] /As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(a)]. 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[[] /As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(a)]. 
(d)  
Exchange(s) in respect of 
Underlying Shares: 
[[] /As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)]. 
(e) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
in 
respect 
of 
Underlying 
Shares: 
[[] /As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)]. 
(f) 
Valuation Time in respect of 
Underlying Shares: 
[As specified in Share Linked Condition 
5.1(c)/ Other (specify time and place)].

--- Page 852 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
853 
(xxii) 
Reference Price subject to Dividend 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Adjusted Price Type: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Proportional 
/ Additive / Proportional Minus Fixed Yield] 
/ [as specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column entitled "Adjusted Price Type" in the 
row corresponding to such Share]. 
(b) 
Adjusted 
Share 
Price 
Applicable Date: 
[●][Each 
Valuation 
Date 
[other 
than 
[●]]][and] [[the/The] Final Reference Date] 
[and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date (closing 
valuation) during the Trigger Observation 
Period] [and] [[e/E]ach Observation Date 
(closing valuation) during the Barrier 
Observation Period] [and] [[e/E]ach [Initial] 
Averaging Date [other than [●]]] [specify] 
(c) 
Dividend Period Start Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [●] / [the date 
specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column entitled "Dividend Period Start Date" 
in the row corresponding to such Share]. 
− 
Dividend Period Start Date 
Price: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [Closing Share 
Price of such Share in respect of the Dividend 
Period Start Date/[●]] / [as specified in the 
Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Dividend Period Start Date Price" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]. 
(d) 
Dividend Period End Date: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●] (specify 
date)] / [the date specified in the Dividend 
Table in the column entitled "Dividend 
Period End Date" in the row corresponding 
to such Share]. 
(e) 
Contractual Dividend: 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●]]/ 
[the/each] amount specified in the [Dividend 
Table/ Contractual Dividend Table] in the 
column entitled "Contractual Dividend" in 
the row corresponding to such Share]. 
(f) 
Contractual 
Ex-Dividend 
Date(s): 
In respect of [the/each] Share, [[●]]/ [the 
date(s) specified in the [Dividend Table/ 
Contractual Dividend Table] in the column 
entitled "Contractual Ex-Dividend Date(s)" 
in the row corresponding to such Share]. 
(g) 
Contractual Dividend Yield: 
[Not Applicable.] [In respect of [the/each] 
Share, [Standard / Multiplicative]/ [as 
specified in the Dividend Table in the 
column entitled "Contractual Dividend 
Yield" in the row corresponding to such 
Share]. 
− 
CDY: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] [In respect of each 
Share, as specified in the Dividend Table in 
the column entitled "CDY" in the row 
corresponding to such Share]

--- Page 853 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
854 
(h) 
Include 
Extraordinary 
Dividends: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the/each] 
Share, 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] / [as specified 
in the Dividend Table in the column entitled 
"Include Extraordinary Dividends" in the 
row corresponding to such Share]. 
DIVIDEND TABLE 
Underlyin
g Asset 
Adjusted 
Price 
Type: 
Dividen
d 
Period 
Start 
Date 
Dividen
d 
Period 
Start 
Date 
Price 
Dividen
d 
Period 
End 
Date 
[Contractu
al Dividend 
[Contractu
al Ex-
Dividend 
Date(s) 
[Share 
Currenc
y] 
[Contractua
l Dividend 
Yield] 
[CDY] 
[Include 
Extraordinar
y Dividends] 
[[●] 
(repeat as 
necessary) 
[Proportion
al / 
Additive / 
Proportiona
l Minus 
Fixed 
Yield] 
[●] 
[Closing 
Share 
Price of 
such 
Share in 
respect 
of the 
Dividen
d Period 
Start 
Date/[●]
] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] (specify 
date(s))]
[●] 
[Standard / 
Multiplicativ
e] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] / [●] 
[Applicable/N
ot Applicable] 
[CONTRACTUAL DIVIDEND TABLE] 
[Underlying Asset: [[●]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
[Contractual Ex-Dividend Date(s)] 
[Contractual Dividend] 
[[●] (specify date(s))] 
[[●]]";
Index Linked Notes: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Index or Index Basket: 
[Single Index / Index Basket /The/Each 
Index comprising the Multi-Asset Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Index(ices): 
[As specified in the column entitled 
"Underlying Asset" in the Underlying Asset 
Table/The [Name of Index(ices) (Bloomberg 
Code: [], ISIN: [])] [(the "Index")]. 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index]. 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 
/ Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/ All Exchanges / Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Options Exchange: 
[[]/ Related Exchange / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(viii) 
Index Currency: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Default Valuation Time / Other (specify 
time)].

--- Page 854 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
855 
(xi) 
Latest Reference Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(a) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract: 
[Specify]. 
(b) 
Derivatives Exchange: 
[Specify]. 
(c)  
Daily Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(d) 
Final Settlement Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(e)  
Index Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable / (Specify)]. 
(f) 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives 
Contract Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(g) 
Special Quotation Price: 
[Not Applicable / As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 7 / Other (Specify)]. 
(xiii) 
Single Index and Reference Dates − 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked 
Condition 
1.1 
/ 
[where 
the 
Underlying 
Asset 
is 
an 
Index-Linked 
Derivatives Contract] Applicable only if the 
Final Reference Price is the Final Index 
Level, pursuant to, in which case, as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.1 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
[where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract] In respect of 
the Valuation Date, [eight] Scheduled 
Trading Days / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(b)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Single 
Index 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.2 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 855 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
856 
(xv) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Trading Day 
and Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] – as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.4/ Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable] 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index 
Linked Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] – as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.6 / Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c)  
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d)  
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Index Basket and Reference Dates – 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Common 
[Applicable [in respect of each Reference 
Date] / [in respect of [insert relevant 
Reference Dates]] − as specified in Index

--- Page 856 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
857 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
Linked Condition 1.7 / Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Index 
Basket 
and 
Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common Scheduled Trading Day 
and Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of each Averaging 
Reference Date] / [in respect of [insert 
relevant Averaging Reference Dates]] − as 
specified in Index Linked Condition 1.8 / Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As specified in Index Linked Condition 7 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable, in respect of 
[Valuation Date/Initial Valuation Date/Final 
Reference Date/specify date(s)], the Fallback 
Valuation Date is [specify date(s)] / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date is applicable in 
respect of [Valuation Date/Initial Valuation 
Date/Final Reference Date/specify date(s)]] 
(xxii) 
Index Modification: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable]. [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7] 
(xxiii) Index Cancellation: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxiv) 
Index Disruption: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxv) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Calculation Agent Adjustment / Index 
Substitution / Related Exchange Adjustment] 
/ [Not Applicable] [- see Index Linked 
Condition 7]. 
(xxvi) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xxvii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxviii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxix) 
Correction of Index Level: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable].

--- Page 857 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
858 
(xxx) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Default 
Correction 
Cut-off 
Date 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[[the/each] 
Valuation Date/Initial Valuation Date/ each 
Reference 
Date/each 
Initial 
Reference 
Date/each 
Averaging 
Reference 
Date 
/specify date(s)].] 
[In respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date/ 
Initial Valuation Date / each Reference Date 
[(other than the Final Reference Date)] / 
[the/each] Initial Reference Date/ [the/each] 
Averaging Reference Date / specify date(s)], 
[[insert number] Business Days prior to [the 
Maturity Date / the next following date upon 
which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to 
the price of [the/such] Underlying Asset] / [
] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as necessary) 
(where the Underlying Asset is an Index-
Linked Derivatives Contract) [In respect of 
the Valuation Date, the second Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date / specify date(s)]. 
(xxxi) 
Index Disclaimer: 
[Applicable to an Index/Not Applicable]. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Notes 
(Single 
Commodity or Commodity Basket): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Commodity or Commodity 
Basket: 
[Single Commodity / Commodity Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Commodity (ies): 
[Name 
of 
Commodity(ies) 
(Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])]. 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price(s): 
[[insert relevant Commodity Reference 
Price], as specified in Commodity Linked 
Condition 8 / Commodity Reference Price 
Framework Determination is applicable]. 
(iv) 
Trading Facility: 
[[ ] / As specified in the Commodity 
Reference Price]. 
(v) 
Unit: 
[Specify unit of measure of the Relevant 
Commodity]. 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[] / Adjusted Delivery Date]. 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[As specified in the Commodity Reference 
Price / high price / low price / average of high 
price and low price / closing price / opening 
price / bid price / asked price / average of bid 
price and asked price / official settlement 
price / official price / morning fixing / 
afternoon fixing / spot price].

--- Page 858 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
859 
(viii) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
(ix) 
Price Materiality Percentage in 
respect of Price Source Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / []]. 
(x) 
Single Commodity and Pricing 
Dates – Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Commodity Linked Condition 1.1 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[] 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual Scheduled Commodity 
Business 
Day 
and 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Commodity Linked Condition 1.2 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days) / Not

--- Page 859 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
860 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[] 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 7 / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Commodity Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled Commodity Business 
Day but Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Commodity Linked Condition 1.3 − the 
ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Dealers 
for 
purpose 
of 
"Commodity 
Reference Dealers": 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]].

--- Page 860 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
861 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
alternate 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(e) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition [] / Other (specify number of 
Scheduled Commodity Business Days)]. 
(f) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Initial 
Pricing 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in Commodity Linked Condition 3]. 
(xiv) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable.] 
[Default 
Correction 
Cut-off 
Date 
is 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of: 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial 
Valuation 
Date/ 
Reference 
Date/Final Reference Date/Initial Reference 
Date/ Averaging Reference Date/specify 
date(s)].] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Valuation 
Date/Initial 
Valuation Date/ each Reference Date [(other 
the Final Reference Date)]/Final Reference 
Date/Initial Reference Date/ Averaging 
Reference Date/ specify date(s)], [[insert 
number] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [ ] (specify date(s))].] (repeat as 
necessary) 
(xv) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Observation 
Date 
(closing 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xviii) Observation 
Date 
(intra-day 
valuation): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xix) 
Observation Hours: 
[Not Applicable / specify period]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Start 
Time: 
[], (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset). 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
End 
Time: 
[], (specify in respect of each Underlying 
Asset).

--- Page 861 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
862 
− 
Observation 
Hours 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
FX Linked Notes: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single FX Rate or FX Rate Basket: 
[Single FX Rate / FX Rate Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of FX Rate(s): 
[Each Asset FX Rate / Currency Price / 
Derived Exchange Rate/ EUR/USD FX 
Rate]. 
[Base Currency is []] 
[Reference Currency is []] 
[FX Price Source is []] 
[For the purposes of the definition of the 
"Derived 
Exchange 
Rate", 
Derived 
Exchange Rate [1/2/3/4/5] is applicable]. 
(iii) 
Subject Currency: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Specified Rate: 
[Official fixing rate / Official mid closing 
rate / Spot rate / Mid rate / Fixing rate] 
(v) 
Fixing Day: 
[Publication Fixing Day / Transaction Fixing 
Day] on which no FX Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing. 
(vi)        Latest Reference Date 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Non-Default FX Business Day for 
euro: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
(viii) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[]. 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] (specify)]. 
(x) 
Adjusted Valuation Date: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation 
Date", 
[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing 
Day Adjustment/No Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes 
of 
"Adjusted 
Valuation Date": 
[[
] [[Common] Publication Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Adjusted Initial Valuation 
Date: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Publication 
Fixing 
Day 
Adjustment: 
[For the purposes of the definition of 
"Adjusted 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date", 
[[Individual/Common] Publication Fixing

--- Page 862 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
863 
Day Adjustment/No Publication Fixing Day 
Adjustment] is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Specified Day(s) for the 
purposes of "Adjusted Initial 
Valuation Date": 
[[
] [[Common] Publication Fixing 
Days/Business Days] / Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Single FX Rate and Reference 
Dates − Consequences of non-
Fixing Days: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Single FX Rate and Averaging 
Reference Dates − Consequences of 
non-Fixing Days: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4 / 
Other (specify) / Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Individual Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Individual Fixing 
Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(d) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference 
Dates – Common Fixing Day: 
[Applicable − as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 1.5 / Not Applicable]. (If Not

--- Page 863 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
864 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[As defined in FX Linked Condition 4 / Other 
(specify) / Not Applicable]. 
(b)  
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation 
Period 
Start 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date and Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Barrier Event Determination 
Date: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(d) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable – as specified in FX Linked 
Condition 4 / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. 
(e) 
Currency Pair: 
[Not Applicable / Reference Currency is [] 
and Base Currency is []]. 
Fund Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Fund or Fund Basket: 
[Single Fund / Fund Basket] 
(ii) 
Name of Fund(s): 
[Name and Class of Fund (Bloomberg Code:
[]; ISIN: [])]. 
(iii) 
Reference Fund: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Maturity Settlement Period: 
[Five/[]] Business Days. 
(viii) 
Dealing Charge Threshold: 
[0.20/[]] per cent. ([0.20/[]]%). 
(ix) 
Holding Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(x) 
AUM Threshold: 
[75/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xi) 
NAV Threshold: 
[85/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
(xii) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[10/[]] per cent. ([10/[]]%). 
Futures Contract Linked Notes (Single 
Futures Contract or Futures Contract 
Basket):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 864 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
865 
(i) 
Single Futures Contract or Futures 
Contract Basket:
[Single Futures Contract / Futures Contract 
Basket]. 
(ii) 
Name of Futures Contract (ies): 
[Name of Futures Contract(s) (Bloomberg 
Code(s): [])]. 
Futures 
Contract 
Reference 
Price(s): 
[]. 
(iii) 
Trading Facility: 
[]. 
(iv) 
Unit: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8 / Other (specify)]. 
(v) 
Specified Price: 
[]. 
(vi) 
Price Source / Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]. 
(vii) 
Disruption Event: 
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify). 
(viii) 
Single Futures Contract and Pricing 
Dates – Consequences of Disrupted 
Days: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.1 - 
the ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(ix) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates 
– 
Basket 
Valuation 
(Individual 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.2 - 
the ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted]

--- Page 865 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
866 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 9/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(x) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
but 
Individual 
Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.3 - 
the ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(b) 
Postponement:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
(c) 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xi) 
Futures Contract Basket and Pricing 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Scheduled 
Futures 
Contract 
Business 
Day 
and 
Common 
Disrupted Day):
[Applicable [in respect of [each / the] [Initial 
Pricing Date] [and] [each / the] Pricing Date] 
/ [in respect of [insert relevant Initial Pricing 
Dates and/or Pricing Dates]] – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 1.4 - 
the ordinal number in brackets specifies the 
order in which such Disruption Fallbacks 
shall apply / Other (specify) / Not 
Applicable]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
- 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:
[As specified in Futures Contract Linked 
Condition 8/ Other (specify)]. 
No Adjustment:
[Not Applicable / Applicable – [first / second 
/ third / fourth]]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xii) 
Corrections of Published Futures 
Contract Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 3 /

--- Page 866 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
867 
Other (specify)]. [If Not Applicable, this sub-
paragraph may be deleted] 
(xiii) 
Correction Cut-off Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify date(s)]. [If Not 
Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
(xiv) 
Fallback Pricing Date 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
(xv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Provisions 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
- 
Rollover Date
[]  
- 
Relevant Month
[]  
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(i)
Type of Credit Linked Securities: 
(Specify all that apply) : 
(a)
Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(b)
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c)
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
(viii)
Credit Linkage: 
(a)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/] (Delete if Credit Linked Securities are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Securities: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked 
Securities are linked to an index of Reference 
Entities) 
(b)
Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Financial

--- Page 867 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
868 
Corporate/Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate LPN/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American Corporate BL/Standard Australia 
[Financial] Corporate/Standard New Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] Corporate/Standard Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Full 
Faith 
and 
Credit/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal 
General 
Fund/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal Revenue/[]//As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
(c)
[Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount or weighting) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)] []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
(d)
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date 
of Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in 
Final Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [ ]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)]:  
Primary Obligor:  
[] 
Guarantor:  
[] 
Maturity:  
[] 
Coupon:  
[] 
CUSIP/ISIN:  
[] 
Original Issue Amount:  [] 
/As specified in the Relevant Annex]

--- Page 868 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
869 
(e)
Credit 
Linked 
Interest 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(f)
Credit-Linked 
Principal 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(iii)
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery]  
Principal Protection Level: [[ ]%/Not 
applicable] (May be deleted if principal 
protection is not applicable) 
(a)
Settlement Method: 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not 
applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Securities Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As 
per the Credit Linked Securities Conditions] 
(Include if Cash Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
[Terms 
relating 
to 
Fallback 
Physical 
Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Securities Conditions] (Include

--- Page 869 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
870 
if Physical Settlement applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
(b)
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(c)
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(d)
Settlement Currency: 
[As per the Credit Linked Securities 
Conditions /[]] 
(iv)
Miscellaneous Credit Terms: 
(a)
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date:   
[As per the Credit Securities Conditions/The 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date/Issue Date/[]] 
(b)
Credit Observation Period 
End Date: 
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
(c)
Trade Date: 
[] 
(d)
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/ As per the Credit Linked 
Securities Conditions]  
(e)
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(f)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in 
the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction 
Type]] 
(g)
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period End Date/Event Determination Date] 
(h)
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable] 
(i)
Additional Credit Linked 
Security 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable)

--- Page 870 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
871 
(j)
Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(k)
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
A basket composed of the Share(s) and the 
Ind[ex/ices] each as specified in the column 
entitled 
"Underlying 
Asset" 
in 
the 
Underlying Asset Table. 
(ii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Individual Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
−as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.1 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of 
Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Averaging 
Reference Dates – Basket Valuation 
(Common 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets 
−as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.2 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(c) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days 
of Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
Trading 
Day 
but 
Individual 
Disrupted Day): 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets-
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.3 / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days 
of Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
Multi-Asset Basket and Reference 
Dates – Basket Valuation (Common 
[Applicable to the Common Basket Assets-
as specified in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 1.4 / Not Applicable]. (If Not

--- Page 871 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
872 
Trading 
Day 
and 
Common 
Disrupted Day): 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Condition 2 / Other (specify number of days 
of Common Trading Days) / Not Applicable]. 
(b) 
No Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
FX 
Disruption 
Event/Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event (General 
Note Condition 13): 
FX Disruption Event is applicable to the 
Notes, General Note Condition 13 and FX 
Linked Condition 4 shall apply/Currency 
Conversion Disruption Event is applicable to 
the Notes, General Note Condition 13 and 
FX Linked Condition 4 shall apply/Not 
Applicable]. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/[ ] (specify other 
currency)]. 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
Reference Country: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iv) 
Currency Conversion Reference 
Country: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(v) 
USD/Affected Currency FX Rate: 
[As specified in FX Linked Condition 4/Not 
Applicable]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Affected Currency: 
[Settlement Currency/Reference Currency/ 
Converted Currency/[]]. 
(b)  
FX Disruption Event Cut-off 
Date 
(General 
Note 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default FX Disruption Event Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]]. 
(c) 
Adjusted Affected Payment 
Date 
(General 
Note 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default Adjusted Affected Payment Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]]. 
(d) 
Affected Payment Cut-off 
Date 
(General 
Note 
Condition 2(a)): 
[Default Affected Payment Cut-off Date / 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[

] 
[Business 
Day[s]/calendar day[s]. 
(e) 
USD/Affected Currency FX 
Rate Fixing Price Sponsor 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(f) 
Fixing Price Sponsor: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]. 
(vii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[[] / Specified Currency].

--- Page 872 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
873 
Rounding (General Note Condition 22): 
(i) 
Non-Default 
Rounding 
− 
calculation values and percentages: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Fractional Entitlement / Bonus / Perf / 
Underlying Performance / Participation / 
Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price 
(Initial) / Floor / Cap / Strike / FXR / FX 
(Final) / FX (Initial) / Asset FX (Final) / 
Asset FX (Initial) specify other calculation 
value or percentage]: rounded to [insert 
number] decimal place[s]. 
(ii) 
Non-Default Rounding −amounts 
due and payable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All 
amounts 
due 
and 
payable/Final 
Redemption Amount/Interest Amount/Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount/Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount/ Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) / Optional Redemption 
Amount 
(Put): 
rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[ ] (Specified Sub-Unit of relevant 
currency)]. 
(iii) 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]. (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a)  
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Not Applicable / [Rate of Interest / Margin / 
Participation Rate /specify other amount]: 
rounded to [insert number] decimal place[s]. 
(b) 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[Not Applicable/specify amount]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number] (Specified Sub-Unit of 
relevant currency)]. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[ ] (Specify such place(s) as may be 
relevant). Definition of Business Day in 
General Note Condition 2(a) includes 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency of payment)/Not Applicable]. (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default Business Day:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]. 
Form of Notes: 
[Registered Notes]. 
[Individual Note Certificates]. 
[Global Registered Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual 
Note

--- Page 873 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
874 
Certificates [in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note]]. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
[Not Applicable] / [ ] (Specify any 
Additional Financial Centre for the purposes 
of the definition of "Payment Business 
Day"). Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 
17(ii) and 17(iv) relate)]. (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default 
Payment 
Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[As specified in General Note Condition 2(a) 
/ The Principal Financial Centre in relation to 
[insert relevant currency] is [insert relevant 
place(s)]]. 
(If 
Non-Default 
Principal 
Financial Centre is Applicable, specify the 
place(s) to be specified as the principal 
financial centre for the relevant currency)] / 
[Not Applicable.] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
Non-Default 
Principal 
Financial Centre:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
Instalment Notes (General Note Condition 
10(m)): 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes are Instalment 
Notes]. (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Instalment Date: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Initial Instalment Amount: 
[]. 
Minimum Trading Number (General Note 
Condition 5(g)):
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Permitted Trading Multiple (General 
Note Condition 5(g)): 
[[] (specify number)/Not Applicable]. 
Record Date (General Note Condition 11): 
[Specified Day(s) for the purposes of General 
Note Condition 11([(ii)/(iii)/(iv)/(v)]) is: [] 
[business 
day[s]/Business 
Day[s]/day/Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/Not Applicable]. 
Calculation 
Agent 
(General 
Note 
Condition 18): 
[Marex Financial/[] (specify other)]. 
Governing law 
English law 
DISTRIBUTION
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated].

--- Page 874 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) 
875 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses 
of 
[Managers/placers] 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]. 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the [Managers/placers].) 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] / [Not Applicable]. 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / give name and address]. [If 
Not Applicable, this sub-paragraph may be 
deleted] 
 (i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
Signed on behalf of Marex Financial: 
By:  
……………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 875 ---
Other Information 
876 
(Where the Pricing Supplement cover two or more Series of Securities, the table below should be 
completed for all variables which will differ across the different Series. The relevant line item for any 
such variable in the Conditions below should include the following language: "In respect of each Series, 
as specified in the table set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below".)  
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Notes:
ISI
N 
[Commo
n Code] 
[Valore
n] 
[Aggregat
e 
Nominal 
Amount] 
[Schedule
d 
Maturity 
Date] 
[Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Final 
Referenc
e Date] 
[Initial 
Valuatio
n Date] 
[Rate of Interest] [Issu
e 
Price
] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount]
[Redemptio
n 
Percentage]
[Cap
] 
[Floor
] 
[Downsid
e] 
[Barrie
r 
Level] 
[Name of 
Share] 
[Exchange(s
)] 
[] [] 
[] 
Series: 
[Up to] [
] 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [
] 
[] 
[] / [The 
[[] 
[Expected 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day / 
Expected 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
preceding 
the 
Adjusted 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date.] 
[The 
Valuation 
Date is 
expected to 
be [] as 
of the date 
of this 
Pricing 
Supplement
.] 
The 
[Valuatio
n Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[] 
[[] per cent. [per 
annum] payable 
[annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/
bi-monthly/ 
monthly/[]] in 
arrear] 
[] [The [] day 
of [month], 
[month] 
(repeat as 
required) in 
each calendar 
year from, 
and including, 
[] to, and 
including, [
]][] 
(specify 
date(s))[, 
subject to 
adjustment in 
accordance 
with the 
Business Day 
Convention] 
[The Interest 
Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjusted"/ 
"Unadjusted"]
.] 
[] per 
Calculatio
n Amount
[] 
[] 
[per 
cent. of 
the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
The shares 
of the 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund / 
[The 
[ordinary 
shares]  [
] of] 
[Name of 
Share(s) or 
Share 
Issuer] / 
(Bloomber
g: []; 
ISIN: []) 
(the 
"Share")]. 
(If the 
Share is the 
share of an 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund, 
insert the 
following 
sub-
paragraph 
of this 
paragraph) 
[− 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund[s]: 
[Name of 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s)] 
(Bloomber
g: []; 
ISIN: [
]).]] 
[] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 876 ---
Other Information 
877 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Index Linked Notes:
ISI
N 
[Comm
on 
Code] 
[Valore
n] 
[Aggreg
ate 
Nominal 
Amount]
[Schedul
ed 
Maturit
y Date] 
[Valuati
on 
Date(s)]
[Final 
Referen
ce Date]
[Initial 
Valuati
on 
Date] 
[Rate 
of 
Interes
t] 
[Issue 
Price] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount
] 
[Redempti
on 
Percentag
e] 
[Ca
p] 
[Floo
r] 
[Downsi
de Cap]
[Barri
er 
Level]
[Name of 
Index] 
[Type 
of 
Index] 
[Exchange
(s)] 
[Index 
Sponso
r] 
[
] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
The 
[Valuati
on Date] 
[Pricing 
Date] 
schedule
d to fall 
on [] 
[] 
[[] 
per cent. 
[per 
annum] 
payable 
[annuall
y/ semi-
annually
/ 
quarterl
y/ bi-
monthly
/ 
monthly
/ []] 
in 
arrear] 
[] 
[The [] 
day of 
[month], 
[month] 
(repeat as 
required) 
in each 
calendar 
year from, 
and 
including, 
[] to, 
and 
including, 
[]][] 
(specify 
date(s))[, 
subject to 
adjustmen
t in 
accordanc
e with the 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]. 
[The Interest Period[s] 
shall be 
["Adjusted"/"Unadjust
ed"].] 
[] per 
Calculati
on 
Amount 
[] 
[] [] [] 
[] 
[per 
cent. 
of the 
Asset 
Initial 
Price] 
[As 
specified 
in the 
column 
entitled 
"Underlyi
ng Asset" 
in the 
Underlyin
g Asset 
Table/The 
[Name of 
Index] 
(Bloombe
rg: []; 
ISIN: [
]) (the 
"Index")].
[Unitar
y Index 
/ Multi-
Exchan
ge 
Index ]
[[] / As 
specified in 
Index 
Linked 
Condition 
7/[Not 
Applicable]
]. 
[] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
[include for an issuance of two or more Series of Share Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes where 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer is applicable:
ISIN 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)] 
[Call Option Notice 
Date(s)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[[] [[or, [in each case,] if 
later, the] [The] []Business 
Day following [each][the 
corresponding] Call Option 
Notice Date]/[As specified in 
the Optional Redemption 
Table relating to this Series 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call)"]]. 
[[ ]/Each date set 
forth in the Optional 
Redemption 
Table 
relating to this Series 
in the column entitled 
"Call Option Notice 
Date(s)"]. 
[In respect of each Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), [[
] per Calculation Amount] 
[the amount set forth in the 
Optional Redemption Table 
relating to this Series in the 
column 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call)" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)]. [Accrued interest 
payable]. 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary)

--- Page 877 ---
Other Information 
878 
[Include table if required:
Optional Redemption Table relating to ISIN: [] 
[Call Option Notice Date(s)] 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call)] 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call)] 
[] 
[] [or, [if later, the] [The] [] 
Business Day following the Call 
Option Notice Date] 
[] 
(Repeat table for each Series as necessary) 
OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
Application [has been/will be] made by [the Issuer 
(or on its behalf)] for the Notes to be [listed on and] 
admitted to trading on the [ ] (Specify other 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading 
platforms) with effect from [at the earliest] [the 
Issue Date/specify other date]] / [Application is 
expected to be made by [the Issuer (or on its behalf)] 
for the Notes to be [listed on and] admitted to 
trading on the [] (Specify multilateral facilities or 
other trading platforms) with effect from [at the 
earliest] [the Issue Date/specify other date]] / [The 
Notes will not be listed or admitted to trading on any 
exchange].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application 
for listing and admission to trading will be granted 
(or, if granted, will be granted by the Issue Date)] 
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if 
any) of the Notes on the relevant stock exchange(s) 
over their entire lifetime. The Notes may be 
suspended from trading and/or de-listed at any time 
in accordance with applicable rules and regulations 
of the relevant [stock exchange(s) / indicate other 
multilateral trading facilities or other trading 
platforms].] 
[The Issuer [will apply / has applied] for admission 
to trading of the Notes on the EuroTLX market, a 
multilateral trading facility organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana. The admission to trading of the 
Notes is expected to be by the Issue Date.] 
[Not Applicable]. 
LIQUIDITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
AGREEMENTS (If the Notes pay par 
at redemption and have a denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000 applies, then 
this 
paragraph 
should 
be 
"Not 
Applicable".)
[Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment] / [Not Applicable]. 
RATINGS 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 878 ---
Other Information 
879 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]. 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating) 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]
[A selling commission of [up to] [ ] of the [Issue Price/other] has been paid to the 
[Managers/placer] in respect of this issue.] 
[]11
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]. 
[Indication of yield: 
The yield is [].] 
HISTORIC 
INTEREST 
RATES: 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]]. 
PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF THE UNDERLYING ASSET 
[Not Applicable/ [] (specify)]. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Any Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify other, give name(s), 
address(es) and number(s))] 
Programme Agency Agreement: 
[] 
Names and address of Registrar: 
[] 
Names and address of Fiscal Agent: 
[] 
Names and address of Transfer Agent: 
[] 
11
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest that is material to the issue is different from that set out in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Risks 
associated with conflicts of interest between Marex Financial and purchasers of Securities".

--- Page 879 ---
Other Information 
880 
Names and address of Italian Paying 
Agent: 
[] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Operational contact(s) for Fiscal Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)]. 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No]. 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / [Whilst the designation is 
specified as "no" at the date of these Pricing 
Supplements, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax 
(If the Notes are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, insert either of the 
following paragraphs, depending on whether the Notes are subject to Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. If the Notes are not Share Linked Securities 
or Index Linked Securities, insert 'Not Applicable'.) 
[If the Notes are subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). We have determined that, as of the issue 
date of the Notes, the Notes will be subject to withholding under these rules. The tax will be 
imposed at the full withholding tax rate even if the investor is otherwise eligible for a reduction 
in the rate under an applicable treaty. See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more comprehensive discussion of the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]

--- Page 880 ---
Other Information 
881 
[If the Notes are not subject to Section 871(m): The U.S. Treasury Department has issued 
regulations under which amounts paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments that are 
treated as attributable to U.S.−source dividends could be treated, in whole or in part depending 
on the circumstances, as a "dividend equivalent" payment that is subject to tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or a lower rate under an applicable treaty). We have determined that, as of the issue 
date of the Notes, the Notes will not be subject to withholding under these rules. In certain 
limited circumstances, however, it is possible for United States alien holders to be liable for 
tax under these rules with respect to a combination of transactions treated as having been 
entered into in connection with each other even when no withholding is required. United States 
alien holders should consult their tax advisor concerning these regulations, subsequent official 
guidance and regarding any other possible alternative characterisations of their Notes for 
United States federal income tax purposes. See "United States Tax Considerations – Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus for a more comprehensive discussion of the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[(Include if applicable, include Index disclaimer(s) / Not Applicable]. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from providing additional 
funds for the Issuer's operations and for other general 
corporate purposes, will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds:  
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
Estimated total expenses [related to 
the admission to trading] 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
(Include breakdown of expenses) 
[ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, include additional information here as to additional provisions not 
required by the relevant securities note, relating to the Underlying Asset(s) including, if applicable, Index 
disclaimer(s).]

--- Page 881 ---
Forms of the Notes 
882 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Registered Notes (other than Monte Titoli Registered Notes) 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes (other than Monte Titoli Registered Notes) will be in the form of either 
individual Note Certificates ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a 
"Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Each Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in 
the name of a nominee for such depositary or, in the case of Global Registered Notes issued under the 
NSS, a Common Safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee for such Common Safekeeper and 
will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
or 
(b)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(c)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in General Note Condition 14 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required 
to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a)
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b)
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become 
due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date 
for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of 
the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 882 ---
Forms of the Notes 
883 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount outstanding of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" above and the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions. 
Monte Titoli Registered Notes 
The form of Monte Titoli Registered Notes will be as described in "General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" above.

--- Page 883 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
884 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuer's understanding of the rules and procedures 
of the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject 
to change. 
Securities held through a relevant Clearing System 
See "Book-entry systems" below. Transfers of Securities which are held in a relevant Clearing System 
may be effected only through the relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Securities to be transferred 
are held. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing System(s) 
and in accordance with the local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such relevant Clearing Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
through, records maintained by the relevant Clearing System(s) and its respective participants. 
Book-entry systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt have each published rules and operating 
procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Securities among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt. However, they 
are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agents or any Dealer will 
be responsible for any performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt or 
their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Securities represented 
by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg,  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with 
an account holder of either system. 
Monte Titoli 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") is a company limited by shares which belongs to the Euronext 
Group and provides for post-trade services (i.e. issuer services, pre-settlement, settlement, custody and 
asset services). Monte Titoli, which has been authorised by, and is subject to the supervisory activity of, 
the Bank of Italy and the Italian Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), acts as the Italian 
Central Securities Depository ("CSD") providing for the central securities depository services of 
financial instruments pursuant to Part III, Title II of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented ("Financial Services Act") and the related implementing 
regulations issued by the competent authorities. The central securities depository service of financial 
instruments permits, through the opening of accounts in the name of the entities authorised to participate 
in the central securities depository service as intermediaries or issuers ("Participants") (i) the registration 
on the central securities depository accounts of dematerialised financial instruments (ii) the custody of 
financial instruments centralised in paper-based form and (iii) the administration of financial instruments 
referred to at (i) and (ii) on the basis of the information transmitted by Participants. The administrative 
and ownership rights in relation to financial instruments admitted to the central securities depository

--- Page 884 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
885 
service shall be exercised on the basis of the appointments and notifications sent to Monte Titoli by 
Participants in the manner and within the time limits specified in the Monte Titoli's rules. More 
information regarding Monte Titoli and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its internet 
website at https://www.euronext.com/en/post-trade/monte-titoli. 
Disclaimer as to Clearing Systems and their agents and operators 
Any description herein as to payments being made or any other actions or duties being undertaken by 
any Clearing System (or its agents or operators) is based solely on the Issuer's understanding of the 
relevant rules and/or operations of such Clearing System (and its agents and operators). The Issuer does 
not make any representation or warranty that such information is accurate or, in any event, that the 
relevant Clearing System (or its agents or operators) will make such payments or undertake such actions 
or duties in accordance with such description. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything else herein, none 
of the Issuer, or the Agents has any responsibility for the performance by any Clearing System (or its 
agents or operators) of their respective payment, delivery, Holder identification, or other obligations in 
respect of the Securities as described herein and/or under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 885 ---
Use of Proceeds 
886 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of the Securities will be used for providing additional 
funds for the Issuer's operations and for other general corporate purposes.

--- Page 886 ---
Marex Financial 
887 
MAREX FINANCIAL 
Statutory Auditors 
For the financial year ending on December 31, 2021, Deloitte LLP, Hill House, 1 Little New Street, 
London, EC4A 3TR ("Deloitte LLP"), has been appointed as the Issuer's independent auditors. 
Deloitte audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended December 
31, 2021 and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards and issued an unqualified auditor's report on such financial statements.  
Deloitte LLP is a registered member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
Information on the Issuer  
The Issuer acts under its legal and commercial name "Marex Financial". The Issuer has its registered 
office at 155 Bishopsgate, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3TQ and is registered with Companies 
House in the United Kingdom (registration number 05613061). The Issuer was incorporated on 4 
November 2005 under the laws of England and Wales in the form of a private limited liability company 
and is subject to the Companies Act 2006. On 8 November 2018, the legal form of the Issuer was changed 
to an unlimited liability company. The Issuer also has a branch in Sydney, Australia, which opened in 
May 2021. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 5493003EETVWYSIJ5A20. The telephone number of 
the Issuer is 0044 2076556000 and its website is https://certificati.marex.com/ (whereby the information 
contained on such website shall not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF). 
Business Overview 
Principal activities and principal markets 
Together with its parent company, Marex Group plc, and its consolidated subsidiaries, (together, the 
"Group"), the Issuer is an essential global liquidity hub, connecting its clients to energy, commodity and 
financial markets, which it combines with a technology and data driven approach embedded throughout 
the organisation. The Group is headquartered in London with a focus on markets in the United Kingdom, 
Europe and North America, in addition to a presence in Asia. The Group provides a broad and specialised 
service offering, primarily across energy, commodity and financial markets through its Market Making, 
Commercial Hedging, Price Discovery and Data & Advisory businesses, and has strong positions across 
its core energy and commodities markets. The Issuer is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
and is the Group’s main operating entity and is the principal entity through which the Group conducts its 
Market Making and Commercial Hedging businesses. 
The Market Making business provides liquidity and brokerage services to professional and wholesale 
counterparties across metals, agriculture and energy markets. The Commercial Hedging business 
provides clients with execution and clearing services in metals, energy and agricultural products and 
financial futures and options, alongside OTC hedging services and customised OTC derivative solutions 
through the Issuer’s structured notes business. The Price Discovery business uses the existing knowledge 
base to match buyers and sellers in the OTC energy market, while the Data & Advisory business 
encompasses its proprietary research, technology and data offerings, including Neon trading, and adds 
value to the other services. 
The Issuer has a diverse all-to-all client base, increasingly catering to financial clients, including banks, 
asset managers and hedge funds, alongside its traditional consumer and producer clients.  
During the previous and current fiscal years, the Issuer has been in continuous existence without 
interruption. 
Description of the expected financing of the activities 
The Issuer’s activities are funded by three main sources, structured notes, its revolving credit facility (see 
also under ("Material Contracts") below and net revenue generated by the business.

--- Page 887 ---
Marex Financial 
888 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Marex Group plc, which has its registered office at 155 
Bishopsgate, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3TQ and is registered with Companies House in the 
United Kingdom (registration number 05613060) (hereafter "Marex ") and is part of the Marex group of 
companies (together the "Group”).   
Capitalisation 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had issued 97,000,001 ordinary shares of $1.65. All of 
the issued shares are fully paid up and owned by Marex Group plc.  
Investments in subsidiaries 
The subsidiaries of the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:  
Name 
Country of 
incorporation 
Class 
Ownership interest  Nature of 
business 
Carlton 
Commodities 
2004 LLP 
England and Wales 
Partnership 
interest 
100% 
Commodity and 
option trading 
Material Contracts 
Revolving Credit Facility 
On 24 March 2021, Marex Group plc entered into an amendment and restatement agreement amending 
and restating a secured multicurrency revolving facility agreement originally dated 6 June 2014 and 
previously amended and/or amended and restated from time to time with Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
plc as mandated lead arranger and sole bookrunner, facility agent and security agent and Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets plc, Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of Montreal, London Branch and Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China Limited, London Branch as lenders (the "Amended and Restated Facility 
Agreement"). The Amended and Restated Facility Agreement became effective on 31 March 2021. 
A committed revolving credit facility of up to $120,000,000 (the "RCF") is provided under the Amended 
and Restated Facility Agreement to the Issuer and Marex Group plc (as the borrowers). The Amended 
and Restated Facility Agreement incorporates a swingline facility of up to $35,000,000 (the "Swingline 
Facility"). Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc and Barclays Bank PLC are the lenders for the purposes 
of the Swingline Facility. Both the Swingline Facility and the RCF are subject to the overall limit of 
$120,000,000. 
Certain amendments have been made to the guarantees and security provided in favour of the lenders 
under the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement, such that following Admission the security 
package will comprise a guarantee from Marex Group plc and security over the Marex Group plc's shares 
and/or membership interests in certain subsidiaries, including the Issuer. 
Advances under the RCF and the Swingline Facility may be applied towards the general corporate and 
working capital purposes of the Marex Group plc and its subsidiaries, including the Issuer. No amounts 
advanced under the Swingline Facility may be applied in repayment or prepayment of another loan under 
the Swingline Facility. 
The rate of interest on each loan is the percentage rate per annum equal to the aggregate of the margin of 
2.2% per annum based on the current S&P long-term credit rating of Marex Group plc, which may be 
adjusted up or down following a change in the S&P rating of Marex Group plc (or, if applicable, the 
long-term credit rating assigned by Fitch or Moody's). 
The Amended and Restated Facility Agreement contains prepayment and cancellation provisions 
customary for a facility of this type including illegality, voluntary prepayment and mandatory 
prepayment on a change of control (excluding a qualifying initial public offering of Marex Group plc). 
The Amended and Restated Facility Agreement also imposes on Marex Group plc a requirement to 
comply with certain undertakings which, among other things, restrict the creation of security over the  
Marex Group plc and its subsidiaries, including the Issuer (with permitted exceptions). There are also a

--- Page 888 ---
Marex Financial 
889 
number of financial covenants, including the requirement to maintain certain financial ratios to be 
complied with. Such ratios include a total leverage ratio of less than 3.00:1 (the total leverage ratio being 
the ratio of net debt to consolidated EBITDA for the 12 months preceding the end of each quarter (the 
"Relevant Period")), an interest cover ratio of more than or equal to 3.00:1 (the interest cover ratio being 
the ratio in any Relevant Period of consolidated EBITDA to the net finance charges for that Relevant 
Period), a tangible net worth greater than $190,000,000 in respect of any Relevant Period and Adjusted 
Net Capital (as defined in the Commodity Futures Trading Commission Regulation 1.17) of MNA greater 
than $100,000,000 in respect of any Relevant Period. 
The final maturity date of the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement is 30 June 2023, subject to an 
extension option of 12 months.  
Agreements relating to the Issuer’s structured notes programme 
On each of 26 November 2018, 25 January 2021 and 14 September 2022, the Issuer published a private 
placement memorandum and entered into a series of agreements in connection with its on-balance sheet 
programme for the issuance of warrants, certificates and notes (the "Programme"). Under the 
Programme, the Issuer may issue warrants, certificates or notes (the "Securities") and any offer of 
Securities in the United Kingdom or any member state of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
from the requirement to produce a prospectus for any of Securities under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Securities are not registered under the US Securities Act and may not be sold in the United States or to 
US investors. Securities issued under the Programme may be listed on a stock exchange or unlisted. The 
Programme has been approved by the Vienna Stock Exchange and is listed on the Vienna Multilateral 
Trading System.  
Summaries of the key agreements with respect to the Programme are set out below. 

Marex Financial Programme Agreement: On each of 26 November 2018, 25 January 2021 and 
14 September 2022, the Issuer entered into a programme agreement with Citibank N.A., London 
Branch in respect of the Programme (the "Programme Agreements"). Pursuant to the terms of 
the Programme Agreements, the Issuer appointed Citibank N.A., London Branch as principal 
programme agent and authentication agent in respect of the Programme (the "Principal 
Programme Agent"). The Issuer agreed to act as calculation agent in respect of the Programme.  
The Issuer is liable to pay the commissions and expenses (including any taxes) of the Principal 
Programme Agent. In addition, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Principal Programme 
Agent against any liabilities incurred in relation to any breach by the Issuer of the Programme 
Agreement or the Issuer’s own gross negligence or wilful misconduct, unless such liabilities 
arise as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct on the part of the Principal Programme 
Agent. The Principal Programme Agent has also agreed to indemnify the Issuer for any 
liabilities resulting from any breach by it of the terms of the Programme Agreements, or such 
Agent’s gross negligence or wilful misconduct, unless such liabilities have arisen by reason of 
the Issuer’s own gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Principal Programme Agent may 
resign its appointment by giving 30 days’ written notice to the Issuer. The Issuer may at any 
time terminate the appointment of the Principal Programme Agent, provided that so long as any 
instrument which is held in a clearing system is outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal 
Programme Agent. The Programme Agreements are governed by English law and any disputes 
are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 

Marex Financial Agency Agreement: On each of 26 November 2018, 25 January 2021 and 14 
September 2022, the Issuer entered into an agency agreement with Citibank N.A. London 
Branch and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in respect of the Programme (the "Agency 
Agreements”). Pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreements, the Issuer appointed Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG as registrar and Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent, 
paying agent and transfer agent (together, the "Agents"). The Issuer is liable to pay the fees and 
expenses (including any taxes) of each Agent. In addition, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
each Agent against any liabilities incurred in connection with the Programme, unless such 
liabilities arise as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct on the part of the Agent. The 
Agents have each agreed to indemnify the Issuer for any liabilities resulting from that Agent’s 
gross negligence or wilful misconduct. Any Agent may resign its appointment by giving 30 
days’ written notice to the Issuer. However, (i) if any resignation would take effect 30 days or 
less before or after the maturity date for redemption of any series of structures notes, or the 
payment date for such series, the effective date of such resignation shall be delayed until the

--- Page 889 ---
Marex Financial 
890 
thirtieth day following such date; and (ii) subject to certain limited exceptions, such resignation 
will not take effect until a successor has been appointed. The appointment of any Agent will 
terminate automatically in certain customary circumstances, including if the Agent becomes 
incapable of acting, if the Agent becomes insolvent or if a receiver, liquidator or administrator 
is appointed in respect of the Agent or its assets. The Agency Agreements are governed by 
English law and any disputes are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 

Deed of Covenant: On each of 26 November 2018, 25 January 2021 and 14 September 2022, 
the Issuer entered into a deed of covenant in favour of any accountholder with Euroclear Bank 
S.A., Euroclear Bank N.V. or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme who holds structured 
notes under the Programme (the “Deeds of Covenant”). The Deeds of Covenant are intended 
to take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of such accountholders from time to time. Pursuant 
to the terms of the Deeds of Covenant, the Issuer constitutes the securities issued pursuant to 
the Programme and covenants that it will duly perform and comply with the obligations 
expressed to be undertaken by it in the Programme conditions contained in the private placement 
memorandum relating the Programme. The Deeds of Covenant are governed by English law 
and any disputes are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Management of the Issuer 
The directors of the Issuer, their positions within the Issuer and business addresses are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Business Address 
Paolo Tonucci 
Group Chief Financial Officer and 
Director of the Issuer 
155 Bishopsgate, London, 
EC2M 3TQ 
Simon van den Born 
Group President and Director of the 
Issuer 
155 Bishopsgate, London, 
EC2M 3TQ 
Nigel Grace 
Group Head of Finance and Director 
of the Issuer 
155 Bishopsgate, London, 
EC2M 3TQ 
The Directors of the Issuer do not hold any direct, indirect, beneficial or economic interest in any of the 
shares of the Issuer. 
The board of directors has authorised individual senior managers of the Issuer to approve any and all 
documents on its behalf. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the board of directors to the Issuer 
and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime applicable under the laws of England. 
The formal governance structure of Marex includes the following Board Committees:  

Audit and  Compliance Committee 

Risk Committee 

Remuneration Committee 

Nomination Committee  

Mergers and Acquisitions Committee

--- Page 890 ---
Marex Financial 
891 
The responsibilities of each Board Committee are in respect of the Group Board and the Boards of each 
regulated entity in the Group, which includes the Issuer.

--- Page 891 ---
Taxation 
892 
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain United Kingdom, Jersey, German, Swiss and United 
States tax considerations relating to the Securities. It does not constitute legal or tax advice. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in the United 
Kingdom, Jersey, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, the United States or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers 
of Securities should be aware that ownership of the Securities, and any transactions involving the 
Securities, including the issue of any Security, any purchase, disposal, lapse or redemption of, or other 
dealings in, the Securities and any transaction involved in the exercise and settlement of the Securities, 
may have tax consequences (including but not limited to withholding taxes and possible liabilities to 
stamp duties, transfer and registration taxes). The tax consequences may depend, amongst other things, 
upon the status and circumstances of the prospective purchaser, the terms and conditions of the particular 
Security specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and the applicable law and practice of 
taxation authorities in relevant jurisdictions. The following is a general guide and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Prospective purchasers of any Securities should consult their own tax advisers 
in relevant jurisdictions about the tax implications of holding any Security and of any transaction 
involving any Security. 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the investor is resident 
and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the 
Securities. 
Directive on Administrative Cooperation  
Based on the so-called OECD Common Reporting Standard, the states which have committed themselves 
to implement this standard ("Participating States") will exchange potentially taxation-relevant 
information about financial accounts which an individual holds in a Participating State other than his 
country of residence. This procedure commenced in 2017 with information for the year 2016. The same 
applies starting on 1 January 2016 for the member states of the European Union. Due to an extension of 
Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the "Mutual Assistance 
Directive"), the member states will from that date onwards exchange financial information on notifiable 
financial accounts of individuals which are resident in another member state of the European Union. 
So far, the exchange of information on savings interest income was mainly regulated by the EU Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC on taxation of savings income (the "EU Savings Directive"). The EU Savings 
Directive provided for an exchange of information between authorities of the member states regarding 
interest payments and equivalent payments by paying offices of a member state to a private individual 
with domicile for tax purposes in another member state. In order to prevent an overlap between the EU 
Savings Directive and the amended Mutual Assistance Directive, with effect as of 1 January 2017 (in 
Austria) or 1 January 2016 (in all other member states), respectively, the EU Savings Directive was 
repealed (subject to ongoing requirements to fulfil administrative obligations such as the reporting and 
exchange of information relating to, and accounting for withholding taxes on payments made before 
those dates). 
A number of non-EU countries and certain dependent or associated territories of certain member states 
have adopted measures which are similar to the EU Savings Directive (either provision of information 
or transitional withholding). These measures apply until further amendments to the OECD Common 
Reporting Standard and the amended Mutual Assistance Directive, respectively. Due to the current 
efforts to waive the application of the EU Savings Directive in these cases, this only applies in exceptional 
circumstances.  
In Germany, the amended Mutual Assistance Directive and the OECD Common Reporting Standard 
were implemented by the Act on the Exchange of Financial Accounts Information (Finanzkonten-
Informationsaustauschgesetz – FKAustG) which became effective as of 31 December 2015. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors in relation to the 
further developments. 
On May 25, 2018, the European Union adopted Council Directive (EU) 2018/822, being the sixth 
amendment to the Council Directive 2011/16/EU (commonly referred to as the Directive on 
Administrative Cooperation) (“DAC 6”). DAC 6 will require mandatory automatic exchange of

--- Page 892 ---
Taxation 
893 
information in relation to certain reportable cross-border arrangements and imposes reporting 
requirements on intermediaries (or, in certain cases, relevant taxpayers). DAC 6 must be implemented 
by each EU member state and therefore the date on which it comes into force may vary in each EU 
member state but it will have effect in relation to a "reportable cross-border arrangement" the first step 
in the implementation of which was made on or after 25 June 2018.  
The UK is no longer a Member State of the European Union, and the UK no longer remains subject to 
the requirements of DAC 6. However, the UK has implemented certain limited parts of DAC 6 into UK 
law. 
Under DAC 6 (or the limited form of DAC 6 implemented in the UK), Marex Financial or its advisors 
or intermediaries may be required to make certain disclosures of information to EU (or, where relevant, 
UK) tax authorities that is within their knowledge, possession or control on "cross-border arrangements" 
that contain at least one of certain "hallmarks".  
United Kingdom Tax Considerations 
The comments set out below are based on current United Kingdom tax law in force as applied by the 
English courts and the current generally published practice of Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs 
("HMRC") (which may not be binding on HMRC), in each case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
and each of which may change at any time, possibly with retrospective effect. The following is intended 
as a general and non-exhaustive guide to certain United Kingdom tax considerations in respect of the 
Securities for persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Securities and any amounts paid in 
respect of them. The overview contains a general overview only of the United Kingdom withholding 
taxation treatment at the date hereof in relation to income payments in respect of the Securities. The 
overview also contains some very general statements about stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax 
("SDRT"). The comments are not exhaustive, and do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of 
acquiring, holding, disposing of, abandoning, exercising or dealing in Securities.  
United Kingdom withholding tax 
Interest payments 
Interest will only be subject to a deduction on account of United Kingdom income tax if it has a United 
Kingdom source in which case it may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at 
the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available under the provisions of 
any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
Interest payable on Securities issued by Marex Financial is likely to have a UK source.  
Where interest has a United Kingdom source, any payment of interest may nonetheless be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax where any of the following 
conditions are satisfied: 
(a)
if the Securities are and continue to be "quoted Eurobonds" as defined in section 987 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007. The Securities will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" if they carry a right to 
interest and either (i) are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange within the 
meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 or (ii) are and continue to be admitted to 
trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange 
within the meaning of Section 987 of the Income Tax Act 2007. In relation to (i), securities 
admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange outside the United Kingdom will be treated 
as “listed” on a recognised stock exchange if (and only if) they are admitted to trading on that 
exchange and they are officially listed in accordance with provisions corresponding to those 
generally applicable in European Economic Area states.  In relation to (ii), the Vienna MTF is 
a multilateral trading facility operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange (the Vienna 
Stock Exchange) for these purposes; or 
(b)
if the relevant interest is paid on Securities with a maturity date of less than one year from the 
date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the intention or effect of which is to 
render such Securities part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more.

--- Page 893 ---
Taxation 
894 
Any premium element of the redemption amount of any Securities redeemable at a premium may 
constitute a payment of interest for United Kingdom tax purposes and hence be subject to the withholding 
tax provisions discussed above.  
Where an amount paid on Securities does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for United Kingdom 
tax purposes and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it would potentially be subject to United 
Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, it constitutes (or is treated as) an annual payment for United 
Kingdom tax purposes (which will be determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions 
specified by the relevant Pricing Supplement of the Securities). In such a case, the payment would be 
subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to such relief 
as may be available. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which 
may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Securities 
or any related documentation. 
United Kingdom Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax 
Issue 
No UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax ("SDRT") should generally be payable on the issue of 
Securities save that SDRT at 1.5 per cent. is likely to be payable on an issue of Securities where all three 
of the conditions in (a), (b) and (c) below are met: 
(a)
the Securities do not constitute exempt loan capital (see below); 
(b)
the Securities are not covered by article 5(2) of the capital duties directive (Council Directive 
2008/7/EC) to the extent retained in United Kingdom law; and 
(c)
the Securities are issued to an issuer of depositary receipts or a clearance service (or their 
nominees). 
For the purposes of this UK tax section, the clearing systems run by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg constitute a "clearance service" however the CREST system run by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited does not. 
Securities will constitute "exempt loan capital" if the Securities constitute "loan capital" (as defined in 
section 78 Finance Act 1986) and do not carry (and in the case of (ii)-(iv) below have never carried) any 
one or more of the following four rights: 
(i)
a right for the holder of the Securities to opt for conversion into shares or other securities 
or to acquire shares or other securities, including loan capital of the same description; 
(ii)
a right to interest the amount of which exceeds a reasonable commercial return on the 
nominal amount of the capital; 
(iii)
a right to interest the amount of which falls or has fallen to be determined to any extent 
by reference to the results of, or of any part of, a business or to the value of any property; 
or 
(iv)
a right on repayment to an amount which exceeds the nominal amount of the capital and 
is not reasonably comparable with what is generally repayable (in respect of a similar 
nominal amount of capital) under the terms of issue of loan capital listed in the Official 
List of the London Stock Exchange. 
Transfer of Securities 
Transfers of interests in Securities held through a clearance service do not attract UK stamp duty or 
SDRT provided that no election under section 97A of Finance Act 1986 has been made and that no 
instrument of transfer is used in order to complete the transfer.

--- Page 894 ---
Taxation 
895 
Where Securities do not comprise exempt loan capital and are not held through a clearance service, then, 
where the issuer of the Securities is a body corporate incorporated in the United Kingdom or where the 
Securities are registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
shares are "paired" with shares in a United Kingdom incorporated company within the meaning of section 
99(6B) of the Finance Act 1986, agreements to transfer such Securities may attract SDRT at 0.5 per cent. 
of the chargeable consideration. 
Where Securities are not held through a clearance service, SDRT at 0.5 per cent. may also be payable in 
relation to any agreement to transfer Securities such as Warrants which give the holder the right on 
exercise to acquire stock, shares or loan capital in certain companies with a United Kingdom connection 
unless such stock, shares or loan capital would itself qualify as "exempt loan capital". A company will 
have a United Kingdom connection for these purposes if:  
(a) 
the company is incorporated in the United Kingdom; 
(b) 
a register of the relevant stock, shares or loan capital is kept in the United Kingdom by or on 
behalf of the company; or 
(c) 
the shares are "paired" with shares in a United Kingdom incorporated company within the 
meaning of section 99(6B) of the Finance Act 1986. 
In addition, stamp duty at 0.5 per cent. may arise in respect of any document transferring any Security 
that does not comprise exempt loan capital. However, where a liability to stamp duty is paid within six 
years of a liability to SDRT arising, the liability to SDRT will be cancelled or repaid as appropriate. 
Austrian Taxation  
The information contained in this section is only non-binding information for investors. The following is 
a brief summary of Austrian (income) tax aspects in connection with the Securities. It does not claim to 
fully describe all Austrian tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, disposition, redemption, 
exercise or settlement of the Securities, but only of certain aspects thereof. Further, this overview does 
not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Austria nor does it take into 
account the investors' individual circumstances. Under no circumstances will the Issuer issue any tax 
advice to the investors with this information. Rather, this reference does not replace the advice of a tax 
adviser, which is indispensable in each individual case. As different types of Securities may be issued 
under this Base Prospectus, the tax treatment of such Securities can be different due to their specific 
terms. Any taxes or other charges which may be payable in connection with the payment of interest, 
capital gains or the repayment amount shall be borne by the respective investor. In the case of payments 
due under the Securities and in case of sale of the Securities tax may be incurred in Austria. Tax risks 
resulting from the Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of section 188 Austrian Investment Funds Act [Investmentfondsgesetz]) shall in any 
case be borne by the respective investor. In certain situations or for certain investors, exceptions to the 
legal situation described herein may apply. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own 
professional advisers to obtain further information about the tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, disposition, redemption, exercise or settlement of any of the Securities. Only personal 
advisers are in a position to adequately take into account special tax aspects of the particular Securities 
in question as well as the individual investor's personal circumstances and any special tax treatment 
applicable to such investor.  
This overview is based on Austrian law as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The laws and 
their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have retroactive effect. 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial notes or instruments there is currently hardly 
any case law or comments of the fiscal authorities as to the tax treatment of such financial notes and 
instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that the Austrian fiscal authorities and courts or the 
Austrian credit institutions (custodians or paying agents) adopt a view different from that outlined below. 
For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the Securities are legally and factually offered to an 
indefinite number of persons (i.e. that the Securities are for Austrian tax law purposes publicly offered). 
If such assumption were not fulfilled a different tax treatment applies which is specifically mentioned 
below.

--- Page 895 ---
Taxation 
896 
Austrian resident Investors 
Income from the Securities derived by individuals, whose domicile (Wohnsitz) or habitual abode 
(gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt) is in Austria, or by corporations having their corporate seat (Sitz) or place of 
management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung)  in Austria, is subject to Austrian income or corporate income 
tax on a world-wide basis (unlimited income tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht) 
pursuant to the provisions of the AITA  or the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act 
(Körperschaftsteuergesetz – “ACITA”). Individuals who have neither a domicile nor their habitual abode 
and corporations that do not have their corporate seat nor their principal place of management in Austria 
(non-residents), are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).  
Both in case of unlimited and limited income tax liability Austria’s right to tax may be restricted by 
double taxation treaties. 
For the purpose of the below outlined principles regarding the taxation of investment income in Austria 
it is assumed that the Securities are securitized, legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of 
persons (public offering according to the AITA) and are neither equity instruments as shares or 
participation rights (Substanzgenussrechte) nor investment fund units. For private placements other 
principles apply (please see below). For non-securitized derivatives the principles outlined below would 
be applicable if the custodian or paying agent (see below) withholds and pays tax as explained below on 
a voluntary basis. 
Securities held privately by Austrian resident individuals 
If income from the Securities is paid out by an Austrian custodian or a paying agent (Austrian credit 
institutions or Austrian branches of foreign credit institutions or investment service provider domiciled 
in the EU paying out the income to the holder of the securities (depotführende oder auszahlende Stelle)), 
the Austrian custodian or paying agent has to withhold and pay to the financial authorities withholding 
tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate of 27.5%. The term "income from the Securities" includes (i) current 
income (interest payments) as well as (ii) income, if any, realized upon redemption or prior redemption 
of the Securities or (iii) income realized upon sale of the Securities (realized capital gains). The 27.5% 
withholding tax generally constitutes a final taxation (Endbesteuerung) according to section 97 para 1 
AITA for all Austrian resident individuals, if they hold the Securities as a non-business asset (private 
assets) provided that the investor has evidenced the factual acquisition costs of the Securities to the 
custodian. Final taxation means that no further income tax will be assessed and that the income has not 
to be included in the investor's annual income tax return. Expenses and costs which are directly connected 
with income subject to the special tax rate of 27.5% (e.g., bank fees or commissions) are not tax 
deductible (Abzugsverbot) according to section 20 para 2 AITA.  
Losses from Securities held as private assets subject to the special tax rate may only be set off with other 
investment income subject to the special tax rate (excluding, inter alia, interest income from bank 
deposits and other claims against banks and income from private foundations) and must not be set off 
with any other income. Austrian tax law provides for a mandatory set-off by the Austrian custodian of 
losses against investment income from securities accounts at the same custodian (subject to certain 
exemptions). However, a carry-forward of such losses is not permitted. 
Realized capital gains means any income derived from the sale or redemption or other disposal of the 
Securities (including income from Zero Coupon Notes). The tax base is, in general, the difference 
between the sales proceeds or the redemption amount and the acquisition costs, in each case including 
accrued interest. For Securities held as private assets, the acquisition costs (Anschaffungskosten) shall 
not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten). For the calculation of the acquisition 
costs of Securities held within the same securities account and having the same securities identification 
number but which are acquired at different points in time, an average price shall apply.  
Securities with a value-based repayment are assessed by the Austrian tax authorities as certificates. 
Accordingly, certificates are securitized capital claims that reflect the performance of an underlying asset 
and grant the buyer a right to receive a monetary or settlement amount that depends on the value of the 
underlying asset. Underlyings may include stocks, indices, commodities, currencies, bonds or precious 
metals. Capital gains from such securities are treated by the Austrian tax authorities as income from 
derivative financial instruments according to section 27 para 4 AITA.

--- Page 896 ---
Taxation 
897 
In case no withholding tax is levied on income from the Securities (i.e., income from the Securities is not 
paid out by an Austrian custodian or paying agent), the Austrian resident investor will have to declare 
the income derived from the Securities in his or her annual income tax return pursuant to the AITA. In 
this case the income from the securities is subject to a flat income tax rate of 27.5% pursuant to section 
27a AITA. The non-deductibility of expenses and costs similarly applies. 
Capital gains are not only subject to withholding tax upon an actual disposition or redemption of the 
Securities, but also upon a deemed realization.   

A deemed realization takes place due to a restriction of the Austrian taxing right in the Securities 
(e.g. move abroad, donation to a non-resident, etc). In case of relocation of a Securityholder to 
another EU Member State, the possibility of a tax deferral exists, to be elected for in the tax 
return of the Securityholder in the year of his relocation. In case that the Securities are held on 
an Austrian securities account, the Austrian custodian or paying agent has to impose the 
withholding tax and such withholding tax needs to be deducted only upon actual disposition of 
the Securities or upon withdrawal (Entnahme) from the account. If the holder of the Securities 
has timely notified the Austrian custodian or paying agent of the restriction of the taxing right 
in the Securities (e.g., his or her relocation to the other EU Member State), not more than the 
value increase in the Securities until relocation is subject to Austrian withholding tax. An 
exemption of withholding tax applies in case of moving to another EU Member State if the 
Securityholder presents to the Austrian custodian or paying agent a tax assessment notice of the 
year of migration in which the option for a deferral of tax has been exercised.  

A deemed realization also takes place upon withdrawals from an Austrian securities account 
and other transfers of Securities from one Austrian securities account to another one. 
Exemptions apply in this case for a transfer of the Securities to another deposit account, if certain 
information procedures are fulfilled and no restriction of the Austrian taxing right is given (e.g. 
no donation to a non-resident).  
According to section 27a para 5 AITA, the investor may opt to include the investment income in his or 
her individual annual income tax return. Any tax withheld will then be credited against the income tax 
(progressive tax rates of currently up to 50% for income exceeding EUR 90,000 per year and 55% for 
income exceeding EUR 1 million per year) or paid back, respectively. Such application for opting into 
taxation at the regular progressive personal income tax rate must, however, include all income subject to 
the special 27.5% tax rate. Expenses in direct economical connection with such income are also not 
deductible if the option for taxation at the regular personal income tax rate is made. Whether the use of 
the option is beneficial from a tax perspective, must be determined by consulting a tax advisor. 
Securities held as business assets by Austrian resident individuals 
Income including capital gains derived from Securities held by individuals as business assets are also 
subject to the special income tax rate of 27.5% deducted by way of the withholding tax. However, 
realized capital gains, contrary to interest income, have to be included in the annual income tax return 
and no final income taxation applies. The special income tax rate of 27.5% is, in principle, still applicable, 
provided the realization of such capital gains is not the main focus of the taxpayer’s business activity. In 
that context it should be noted that the difference between the sales price (or redemption amount) and the 
acquisition costs (including ancillary costs) of Zero Coupon Notes is treated as realized capital gains, not 
as interest payments. Write-downs and losses derived from the sale or redemption of Securities held as 
business assets must primarily be set off against positive income from realized capital gains of financial 
instruments of the same business and only 55% of the remaining loss may be set off or carried forward 
against any other income in the assessment of the taxpayer. The acquisition costs of Securities held as 
business assets may also include ancillary costs incurred upon the acquisition, which may be deducted 
from capital gains in the assessment of the taxpayer. The custodian agent does not implement the 
offsetting of losses with respect to deposit accounts that are not privately held; instead losses are taken 
into account upon assessment. 
It is noted that expenses and costs directly connected with investment income subject to the special tax 
rate of 27.5% are also not tax effective in case of Securities held as business assets. 
Securities held by Austrian resident corporations

--- Page 897 ---
Taxation 
898 
Income including capital gains from Securities derived by corporate Securityholders, whose seat or place 
of management is based in Austria, is subject to Austrian corporate income tax pursuant to the provisions 
of the ACITA at the general rate of 25% (will be reduced to 24% in 2023 and to 23% in 2024). Corporate 
Securityholders deriving business income from the Securities may avoid the application of Austrian 
withholding tax by filing a declaration of exemption (Befreiungserklärung) with the Austrian 
withholding tax agent, which has to be forwarded to the tax office in charge. If no declaration of 
exemption was filed, the withholding tax at the rate of 27.5% (that might be reduced to 25% by the 
Austrian withholding tax agent in case of corporations – respectively to 24% in 2023 and to 23% from 
2024 onwards) might be credited as prepayment to the corporate income tax and refunded with the 
amount exceeding corporate income tax. There is, inter alia, a special tax regime for qualifying private 
foundations established under Austrian law. 
Securities held by non-resident investors 
Individual investors who do not have a domicile nor their habitual abode in Austria or corporate investors 
that do not have their corporate seat nor their place of management in Austria (non-residents) are not 
taxable in Austria provided the income is not attributable to an Austrian permanent establishment and 
provided that the Securities are not issued by an Austrian issuer. 
Since January 1, 2017 the taxation of interest income from the Securities has been extended to any non-
resident individuals (with the exception of individuals resident in a country which grants automatic 
exchange of information to Austria) if the interest income has a certain Austrian nexus and if withholding 
tax is levied on such income. However, no such taxation of interest income applies if the Securities are 
not issued by an Austrian issuer or if the debtor of the interest payments has neither its seat nor its place 
of management in Austria and is no branch of a foreign bank. 
Further, no taxation of interest income applies vis-à-vis individuals who are residents in a country with 
which Austria agreed on an automatic exchange of information or in case of non-resident corporate 
investors, if an appropriate proof is provided by the investor. The proof has to be made, among others, 
by a certificate of residence of the tax authorities of the investor’s residence state and further 
documentation in case of corporations. In case of transparent partnerships, the residence status of the 
partners is decisive. Moreover, foreign investors have the possibility to seek relief from any withheld 
withholding tax in a refund procedure with the Austrian tax office with prior electronic notification 
(§ 240a Federal Tax Act; Bundesabgabenordnung). 
Where non-residents receive income from the Securities as part of business income taxable in Austria 
(e.g. through an Austrian permanent establishment), they will be, in general, subject to the same tax 
treatment as resident investors.  
Risk of qualification of Securities as foreign investment funds 
Further, subject to certain conditions, the Securities may be re-qualified as units of a foreign investment 
fund in the meaning of section 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act. Pursuant to section 188 of the 
Austrian Investment Funds Act, the term "foreign investment fund" comprises (i) undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities ("UCITS") the state of origin of which is not Austria, (ii) 
alternative investment funds ("AIF") pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz, “AIFMG”) the state of origin of which is not 
Austria (except property AIF [AIF in Immobilien] according to AIFMG) and (iii) alternatively 
undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are organized in, the 
assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis either of a statute, 
of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions is fulfilled: (a) 
the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its state of 
residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking are in 
its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income 
tax, at a rate of less than 15%; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or material 
tax exemption in its state of residence. Uncertainties exist as to the precondition under which a foreign 
issuer has to be qualified as an AIF manager; regarding the definition of an AIF, the guidelines issued by 
the Austrian Financial Market Authority are applicable. Prospective investors are, therefore, advised to 
consult their tax advisors to obtain further information about the interpretation of the law and the 
application of the law by the tax authorities in this regard.

--- Page 898 ---
Taxation 
899 
In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would substantially differ 
from those described above, since such foreign investment fund units are regarded as transparent for tax 
purposes. Pursuant to the transparency principle generally both distributions as well as retained income 
are subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.  
Responsibility for Withholding of Taxes 
The Issuer does not assume liability for the withholding of taxes at source. Withholding tax is levied by 
an Austrian custodian or paying agent. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
In Austria, inheritance and gift tax are not levied anymore. 
However, it should be noted that gifts upon individuals (Schenkungen unter Lebenden) should be notified 
to the tax authorities. This applies if the donor or the acquirer is an Austrian tax resident or has his/her 
habitual abode in Austria at the time of the donation. In case of corporations, the registered seat or the 
actual place of management in Austria is relevant. Exemptions apply to donations among relatives if the 
value of the gift(s) does not exceed EUR 50,000 within one year and in all other cases to donations if the 
value of the gift(s) does not exceed EUR 15,000 within five years. Although this disclosure requirement 
does not trigger any tax for the donation in Austria, breach of the disclosure requirement may be fined 
with an amount of up to 10% of the value of the gift. 
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to (Austrian or foreign) private foundations and comparable legal 
estates are subject to foundation transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) according to the Austrian 
Foundation Transfer Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz). Such tax is triggered if at the time of the 
transfer the transferor and/or the transferee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their 
place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial 
assets according to section 27 para 3 and 4 AITA (except shares in companies) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to tax at the flat rate of 25% (will be reduced to 24% in 2023 and to 23% in 
2024) or 27.5%, respectively. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any 
debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate is 2.5% in general with a higher rate of 25% applying 
in special cases. Special provisions apply to transfers to entities falling within the scope of the tax treaty 
between Austria and Liechtenstein. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of securities pursuant to section 27 para 6 no 1 AITA may trigger income 
tax at the level of the transferor. 
Other Taxes 
There are no transfer taxes, registration taxes or similar taxes payable in Austria as a consequence of the 
issuance, acquisition, ownership, disposition or redemption of the Securities. Wealth tax is currently not 
levied in Austria. 
Italian Tax Considerations 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a)
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Securityholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments; or 
(b)
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Securityholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic 
exploitation of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such 
amount at maturity, not having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer. 
Tax on income and capital gains 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments

--- Page 899 ---
Taxation 
900 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments as well as 
capital gains of the Securities received by Securityholders which are (a) Italian resident companies or 
similar entities (including Italian permanent establishments of a non-Italian residents to which the 
Securities are effectively connected), (b) Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities 
or similar commercial entities (c) Italian resident individuals engaged in entrepreneurial activities to 
which the Securities are effectively connected, are included in the relevant holder's taxable business 
income and are therefore subject to the general Italian corporate tax ("IRES"), or to personal income 
taxation ("IRPEF") as business income, as the case may be, according to the ordinary rules. In certain 
cases, depending on the status of the Securityholder, such proceeds may also have to be included in its 
taxable base for regional income tax on business activities ("IRAP"). 
According to Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree No. 461"), 
payments in respect to Securities as well as capital gains realised by (a) Italian resident individual not 
engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, (b) an Italian 
partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or (c) an Italian private or 
public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, upon the sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Securities are subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) currently 
at rate of 26 per cent.. In respect of the application of the substitute tax, said Holders listed above may 
opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
(a)
under the tax declaration regime ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime 
for the taxation of capital gains, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on 
a cumulative basis, all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any given tax year. The 
overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same 
nature, must be reported in the annual tax return and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such 
gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant year. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any 
of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b)
as an alternative to the Tax Declaration Regime, the Holders may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on payments received in respect of Securities and capital gains realised on 
each sale or transfer or redemption of the Securities under the so called "regime del risparmio 
amministrato" provided for by Article 6 of Decree No. 461 (the "Administrative Savings 
Regime"). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being 
deposited with Italian banks, "società di intermediazione mobiliare" ("SIMs") or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Securityholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of 
the Securities, as well as on capital gains realized as at revocation of its mandate, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Holder or using funds provided by the Holder for this purpose. 
Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Securities results in a capital loss, such loss may 
be offset against with capital gains of the same nature subsequently realised, within the same 
relationship of deposit, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the Administrative Savings Regime, the Holder is not required to declare the capital gains in the 
annual tax return. 
(c)
Where the Securities are part of a portfolio managed under the "Asset Management Regime" 
(pursuant to Article 7 of Decree No. 461) by an Italian asset management company or an 
authorized financial intermediary, any payments received as well as capital gains realised upon 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Securities will not be subject to the substitute tax on capital 
gains but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued increase in value of the 
managed portfolio, subject to 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax, to be paid on behalf of the 
taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. Any decrease in value of the managed 
portfolio at year end may be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each of the

--- Page 900 ---
Taxation 
901 
following years up to the fourth. The Holder is not required to declare the capital gains realised 
in the relevant annual tax return if under the Asset Management Regime. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of the Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding 
the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including 
the substitute tax of 26 per cent., if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set 
forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains on Securities (as well as increase or decrease of their relevant fair market value) held 
by Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds ("Funds"), SICAVs and non 
real-estate SICAFs contribute to determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, 
SICAVs or SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds, SICAVs or non real-estate SICAFs 
will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Holder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian resident real estate SICAF, 
to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 
2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all 
as amended, apply, capital gains realised will be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income 
tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate 
investment fund or of the real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending 
on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or 
upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains on Securities held by a Holders who is an Italian resident pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included 
in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
ad hoc annual substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax"). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident pension fund may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Securities are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable 
from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities traded on 
regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the substitute tax, regardless of whether the 
Securities are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation 
on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative 
Savings Regime, may be required to file in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an 
appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not traded on regulated 
markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, 
if the Securities are held in Italy. 
However, where the Securities are not traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, pursuant to the 
provisions of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Securities with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected are exempt from the substitute 
tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the 
Securities if they are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory included in the "White List" (i.e. 
Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September, 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time and to be updated every six months period according to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Legislative 
Decree April 1st, 1996, No. 239, last amendment made on 23 March 2017). The same exemption applies 
where the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors 
established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in 
their own country of residence; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official

--- Page 901 ---
Taxation 
902 
reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management 
Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax 
will apply upon condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. 
Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Holders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy 
on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt 
from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold the 
Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset 
Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, may be required to produce 
in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter 
alia, a statement from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident Holder, the Administrative Savings Regime shall automatically 
apply, unless it is expressly waived this regime, where the Securities are deposited in custody or 
administration with an Italian resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in 
the Republic of Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" not having 100 per cent. Capital 
protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
Payments relating to Securities issued by the Issuer that are not deemed to fall within the category of (a) 
bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or of (b) shares or 
securities similar to shares (azioni or titoli similari alle azioni), may qualify as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) for Italian tax purposes pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 
("Decree No. 512"), and are subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this 
purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of the TUIR, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate 
an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do 
not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the 
issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same management. 
Where the Holder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Securities are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, 
(iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Securities are effectively 
connected, (iv) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private 
or public institution, the 26 per cent. withholding tax applies as provisional withholding tax. In all other 
cases, including when the Holder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Securities 
(which qualify as "atypical" securities as defined above), if such Securities are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (generally 10 per cent. or, 
in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Holders, subject 
to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements.
Luxembourg Tax Considerations 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, all payments of interest (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Securities, which are not profit sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed 
by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the 
applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards Luxembourg resident 
individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, which has introduced a 20 per

--- Page 902 ---
Taxation 
903 
cent. withholding tax on savings income. Pursuant to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended, 
Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. levy on interest payments 
made or ascribed by paying agents located outside Luxembourg, in a Member State of either the 
European Union or the European Economic Area. The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above 
or the 20 per cent. levy are in full discharge of income tax when Luxembourg resident individuals are 
acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of tax 
in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is assumed 
by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of this law or by the Luxembourg resident, 
depending on the case as described above and not by the Issuer. 
United States Tax Considerations
The following is a summary of the principal United States federal income and estate tax consequences 
to a United States alien holder of Securities. The investor is a United States alien holder if it is the 
beneficial owner of a Security and is, for United States federal income tax purposes: 

a non-resident alien individual; 

a foreign corporation; 

a foreign partnership; or 

an estate or trust that in either case is not subject to United States federal income tax on a net 
income basis on income or gain for a Security  
that does not hold the Security in connection with the conduct of a trade or business within the United 
States. 
The discussion herein does not apply to any holder of Securities that is not a United States alien holder. 
Holders of Securities that directly or indirectly reference the performance of United States equities 
(including an index or basket that includes United States equities) should consult the discussion below 
under "Dividend Equivalent Payments" with respect to the possible application of the Section 871(m) 
withholding tax to their Securities. 
Investors should consult their tax advisor concerning the consequences of owning Securities in their 
particular circumstances under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and 
the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
Except as described below under "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding", "Dividend Equivalent 
Payments", and "Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", payments and amounts realised in 
respect of such Securities will generally not be subject to United States income tax, withholding tax or 
estate tax. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
FATCA could impose a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments on Securities paid to the investor 
or any non-U.S. person or entity that receives such income (a "non-U.S. payee") on behalf of the investor, 
unless the investor and each non-U.S. payee in the payment chain comply with the applicable information 
reporting, account identification, withholding, certification and other FATCA-related requirements. 
However, this withholding tax will generally not apply to the Securities unless they are treated as giving 
rise to "foreign passthru payments" and (i) are not grandfathered from FATCA as a result of being issued 
after the date that is six months after the U.S. Treasury Department issues final regulations defining what 
constitutes "foreign passthru payments" (provided that the terms of the Securities are not modified after 
that date in a way that would cause the Securities to be treated as reissued for U.S. tax purposes), (ii) lack 
a stated expiration or term (including, for example, Open-ended Instruments), or (iii) are properly treated 
as equity for United States federal income tax purposes. Morever, withholding on "foreign passthru 
payments" will apply no earlier than two years after the publication in the Federal Register of final 
regulations defining this term. There are currently no rules regarding what constitutes a "foreign passthru 
payment" or when the defining regulations would be issued.

--- Page 903 ---
Taxation 
904 
In addition, it is possible that the IRS could assert that the Securities should be deemed to be wholly or 
partially reissued for U.S. federal tax purposes if an underlying asset, position, index or basket containing 
the foregoing, that is referenced by the Securities, is modified, adjusted or discontinued. It is therefore 
possible that a holder that acquires Securities before the date mentioned under (i) in the immediately 
preceding paragraph, could nevertheless be subject to FATCA withholding in the future if the IRS 
successfully asserts that the Securities are deemed to be wholly or partially reissued for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes after such date.  
Even if this withholding tax were to apply to payments on any Securities, in the case of a payee that is a 
non-U.S. financial institution (for example, a clearing system, custodian, nominee or broker), 
withholding generally will not be imposed if the financial institution complies with the requirements 
imposed by FATCA to collect and report (to the U.S. or another relevant taxing authority) substantial 
information regarding such institution’s U.S. account holders (which would include some account 
holders that are non-U.S. entities but have U.S. owners). Other payees, including individuals, may be 
required to provide proof of tax residence or waivers of confidentiality laws and/or, in the case of non-
U.S. entities, certification or information relating to their U.S. ownership. Under this withholding regime, 
withholding may be imposed at any point in a chain of payments if the payee is not compliant. A chain 
may work as follows, for example: The payment is transferred through a paying agent to a clearing 
system, the clearing system makes a payment to each of the clearing system’s participants, and finally 
the clearing system participant makes a payment to a non-U.S. bank or broker through which the investor 
holds the Securities, who credits the payment to the investor´s account. Accordingly, if the investor 
receives payments through a chain that includes one or more non-U.S. payees, such as a non-U.S. bank 
or broker, the payment could be subject to withholding if, for example, the investor´s non-U.S. bank or 
broker through which the investor holds the Securities fails to comply with the FATCA requirements and 
is subject to withholding. This would be the case even if the investor would not otherwise have been 
directly subject to withholding.  
A number of countries have entered into, and other countries are expected to enter into, agreements with 
the U.S. to facilitate the type of information reporting required under FATCA. While the existence of 
such agreements will not eliminate the risk that Securities will be subject to the withholding described 
above, these agreements are expected to reduce the risk of the withholding for investors in (or investors 
that indirectly hold Securities through financial institutions in) those countries. The U.S. has entered into 
such agreements with each of the United Kingdom and Germany. Under these agreements, a financial 
institution that is resident in the United Kingdom or Germany (as applicable) and meets the requirements 
of the agreement will not be subject to the withholding described above on payments it receives and 
generally will not be required to withhold from non-U.S. source income payments that it makes, including 
payments on the Securities. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts in respect of this withholding tax, so if this withholding 
applies, the investor will receive less than the amount that the investor would have otherwise received. 
Depending on the particular circumstances, in the event the Issuer is required to withhold any amounts 
in respect of this withholding tax, the investor may be entitled to a refund or credit in respect of some or 
all of this withholding. However, even if the investor is entitled to have any such withholding refunded, 
the required procedures could be cumbersome and significantly delay receipt of any withheld amounts. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding FATCA. Investors should also consult their 
bank or broker through which the investor would hold the Securities about the likelihood that payments 
to it (for credit to the investor) may become subject to withholding in the payment chain.  
Dividend Equivalent Payments 
Section 871(m) of the Code provides for a 30 per cent. withholding tax (subject to reduction under an 
applicable treaty) on "dividend equivalents" that are paid to foreign investors with respect to certain 
financial instruments that reference the performance of a United States equity. Under these rules, if a 
Security that is issued after 1 January 2017 provides for "delta-one" exposure to the performance of 
shares of a United States corporation, the Issuer will be obligated to impose United States withholding 
tax in respect of the actual dividends that are paid on the shares of the corporation (or corporations) that 
are referenced by the Security even if the Issuer does not actually transmit such amounts to the holder. 
This tax will also apply if a Security provides for delta-one exposure to an index or basket that includes 
shares of a United States corporation, unless as discussed below, the index or basket constitutes a

--- Page 904 ---
Taxation 
905 
"qualified index". If the basket or index is not a "qualified index", the tax will only apply to the dividends 
on shares of the United States corporations that are included in the index. A Security will generally be 
treated as providing for a "delta-one" position if it provides for 100 per cent. participation in all of the 
appreciation and depreciation in the performance of the shares that are referenced by the Security during 
the term of the Security. The Issuer will state in the Pricing Supplement for a Security that references the 
performance of an equity, an index or a basket that includes an equity or an index if the Issuer has 
determined that the Security is subject to Section 871(m) withholding tax as of the issue date of the 
Securities. 
If a Security is subject to the Section 871(m) withholding tax described above, each dividend that is paid 
on a U.S. equity that is referenced by the Security will be subject to a withholding tax at the time that the 
dividend is paid (or, in certain cases, at the close of the quarter upon which the divided is paid) even 
though the Issuer will not make any distributions on the Security until the redemption or maturity of the 
Security. The Issuer will remit the withholding tax to the IRS. The Issuer will not reduce the amount that 
is due under the Security by the amount of the Section 871(m) withholding tax. Rather, the Issuer will 
be deemed to have paid the amount of the Section 871(m) tax to the investor and then paid such amount 
on behalf of the investor to the IRS. The Issuer expects, however, that as a general matter, any Security 
that is subject to the Section 871(m) tax will reference a net dividend index or basket in which the 
dividend amount that is included in the index or basket will be reduced by the amount of withholding tax 
that would be imposed on a direct foreign holder of the United States stocks that are referenced by the 
Security (which is the same rate as the Section 871(m) tax). In addition, the withholding tax rate that will 
be used to determine the Section 871(m) withholding tax as well as the net dividend that is included in 
the index or basket that is referenced by the Security will not take into account any reduced rate to which 
the investor may be entitled under an applicable tax treaty. Furthermore, the investor may not receive the 
necessary information reporting to enable the investor to claim a refund for the excess of the withholding 
tax over the tax that would be imposed under an applicable treaty. In addition, the investor may not be 
able to claim a credit for the payment of the Section 871(m) withholding tax in the resident tax 
jurisdiction of the investor, and investors therefore should consult a tax advisor in such jurisdiction as to 
whether the investor will be able to claim such a credit. The withholding tax that the Issuer collects will 
completely satisfy a Security holder's Section 871(m) tax liability and therefore no other withholding 
agent (including any financial intermediaries in the chain of ownership for the Securities) will be 
obligated to impose any additional Section 871(m) tax with respect to the Securities. 
Section 871(m) withholding tax will generally not apply to a Security that references a qualified index 
even if it is otherwise a "delta-one" Security. A "qualified index" is an index that is passive, diverse, 
widely used by numerous market participants, and that satisfies a number of technical requirements that 
are set forth in United States Treasury regulations. Even if an index otherwise constitutes a "qualified 
index", a Security may not be treated as referencing a "qualified index" with respect to a particular holder 
if the holder holds a related short position in one or more of the component securities in the index (other 
than a short position in the entire index, or a "de minimis" short position with a value of less than 5 per 
cent. of the value of the long positions in the index). Because of this possibility, custodians and other 
withholding agents may require a holder of a Security that references a "qualified index" to make 
representations or certifications regarding the nature of any short positions that it holds with respect to 
the components of the index, and it is possible that a custodian or other withholding agent will impose 
the Section 871(m) withholding tax if it does not receive a satisfactory representation or certification or 
if it otherwise concludes that the investor may hold a related short position described above. 
In addition, a holder may be subject to Section 871(m) even if it holds a Security that is not a "delta-one" 
Security under the rules described above if (a) the holder's position under the Security would be "delta-
one" when combined with other related positions that are held by the holder or (b) if a principal purpose 
for the holder's investment in the Security is to avoid the application of Section 871(m), in which case a 
special Section 871(m) anti-abuse rule could apply to the holder’s investment in the Securities. In such a 
case, a United States alien holder may be liable for Section 871(m) tax in respect of its Securities even 
when no withholding is required in respect of the Securities. 
Furthermore, Securities that are issued on or after 1 January 2025 may be subject to Section 871(m) even 
if they are not a "delta-one" Security under the rules described above. It is possible that the IRS could 
assert that a Security that is issued before such date could be deemed to be reissued for tax purposes after 
1 January 2025 upon (a) a rebalancing or adjustment of the asset, position, index or basket that is 
referenced by the Security or (b) a substitution of the issuer of a Security. In such a case, a Security that

--- Page 905 ---
Taxation 
906 
is originally issued before 1 January 2025 and is not "delta-one" (and is thus originally not subject to 
Section 871(m)) could be subject to Section 871(m) after the deemed reissuance.  
In addition, any payments on the Securities that are subject to the Section 871(m) withholding tax may 
also be subject to FATCA withholding if an investor or intermediary does not comply with the applicable 
FATCA certification and identification requirements. 
The application of Section 871(m) to the Securities is complex, and there may be uncertainties regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities. If the investor is a United States alien holder, investors 
should consult their tax advisor about the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payment of the proceeds from the sale of Securities effected at a United States office of a broker will not 
be subject to backup withholding and information reporting provided that:  
(a)
the broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the investor is a United States 
person and the investor has furnished to the broker: 
(i)
an appropriate IRS Form W-8 or an acceptable substitute form certifying, under penalties 
of perjury, that it is not a United States person; or  
(ii)
other documentation upon which the broker may rely to treat the payment as made to a 
person who is not a United States person in accordance with United States Treasury 
regulations; or  
(b)
the investor otherwises establish an exemption. 
If an investor fails to establish an exemption and the broker does not possess adequate documentation of 
the status of the investor as a person who is not a United States person, the payments may be subject to 
information reporting and backup withholding. However, backup withholding will not apply with respect 
to payments made to an offshore account maintained by the investor unless the broker has actual 
knowledge that the investor is a United States person.  
In general, payment of the proceeds from the sale of Securities effected at a foreign office of a broker 
will not be subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, a sale effected at a foreign 
office of a broker will be subject to information reporting and backup withholding if:  
(a)
the proceeds are transferred to an account maintained by the investor in the United States;  
(b)
the payment of proceeds or the confirmation of the sale is mailed to the investor at a United 
States address; or  
(c)
the sale has some other specified connection with the United States as provided in United States 
Treasury regulations;  
unless the broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the investor is a United States 
person and the documentation requirements described above (relating to a sale of Securities effected at a 
United States office of a broker) are met or the investor otherwise establishes an exemption.  
In addition, payment of the proceeds from the sale of Securities effected at a foreign office of a broker 
will be subject to information reporting, but not backup withholding, if the broker is: 
(a)
a United States person; 
(b)
a controlled foreign corporation for United States tax purposes; 
(c)
a foreign person 50 per cent. or more of whose gross income is effectively connected with the 
conduct of a United States trade or business for a specified three-year period; or  
(d)
a foreign partnership, if at any time during its tax year:

--- Page 906 ---
Taxation 
907 
(i)
one or more of its partners are "U.S. persons", as defined in United States Treasury 
regulations, who in the aggregate hold more than 50 per cent. of the income or capital 
interest in the partnership; or 
(ii)
such foreign partnership is engaged in the conduct of a United States trade or business; 
unless the broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the investor is a United States 
person and the documentation requirements described above (relating to a sale of Securities effected at a 
United States office of a broker) are met or the investor otherwise establishes an exemption.

--- Page 907 ---
Selling Restrictions 
908 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a Base Prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF, and the notification of such approval to the competent authorities of 
Italy, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of the Securities 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the Securities in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. No offers or sales of any Securities, or distribution of any offering 
material relating to the Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not impose any obligation on 
the Issuer. 
The United States 
The Securities and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or exercise of the 
Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the 
CFTC under the Commodities Exchange Act, any U.S. federal or state banking authority or any other 
U.S. or foreign regulatory authority.  
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities and 
the Guarantee or determined that this Base Prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the 
contrary is a criminal offence.  
Marex Financial has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act.  
Accordingly, the Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time nor 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; provided, however, that this 
restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. In this Base Prospectus, the term "U.S. Person" means any person which is a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S. 
The relevant Dealer further has represented and agreed, and any financial intermediary who is appointed 
by the Issuer in connection with an issue of a series of Securities will represent and agree that it, its 
affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
such Securities at any time except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that 
neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to such Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The terms used in this paragraph and the 
preceding paragraphs (other than the term "U.S. Person" as defined above) have the meanings given to 
them under Regulation S. 
The relevant Dealer has also agreed, and any financial intermediary who is appointed by the Issuer in 
connection with an issue of a series of Securities will agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of a sale of 
such Securities, it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases such 
Securities from it (whether upon original issuance or in any secondary transaction) a written confirmation 
or notice stating that the purchaser is subject to the same restrictions on offers and sales and setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. Person. 
Each holder and legal and beneficial owner will be deemed on purchase to agree that the Issuer, any 
dealer, the financial intermediary and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the acknowledgements, representations and agreements made by such holder and legal and beneficial 
owner (as applicable) in this Base Prospectus. 
The Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time; provided, 
however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 
under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. Each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of a Security 
that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, as a condition to

--- Page 908 ---
Selling Restrictions 
909 
purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein, will be deemed on purchase to 
represent and agree that (A) neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit the Securities are 
being purchased (i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined 
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer or (iii) was solicited to purchase the Securities while 
present in the United States and (B) it shall not offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or 
redeem any of such Securities or any interest therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account, or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 
405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. 
With respect to all Warrants, each holder and legal and beneficial owner of a Warrant will be deemed on 
purchase to agree that such person shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Warrants 
unless in compliance with the Securities Act and Commodity Exchange Act. 
With respect to all Securities upon exercise or redemption of which equity securities may be deliverable, 
each holder and legal and beneficial owner of such Securities will be deemed on purchase to represent 
and agree that: 
(a)
it will not exercise or redeem the Securities, and it understands and acknowledges that the 
securities to be delivered upon exercise or redemption may not be delivered, within the United 
States or to, or the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 
405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer;  
(b)
it will only engage in hedging transactions with respect to the Securities and the securities to be 
delivered upon exercise or redemption of the Securities in compliance with the Securities Act 
and Commodity Exchange Act; and 
(c)
it understands and acknowledges that the Securities will bear a legend setting out the applicable 
selling restrictions under the Securities Act and the representations it is deemed to have made 
as a condition to purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein. 
The Securities may not be sold or transferred to, and each holder and legal and beneficial owner of 
Securities will be deemed on purchase to represent and agree that it is not acquiring the Securities for or 
on behalf of, and will not transfer Securities to, any pension plan or welfare plan, as defined in section 3 
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, any 
plan or arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, an entity the assets of 
which are considered assets of such a plan or arrangement, or a government, church or other plan subject 
to any law or regulation substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the relevant Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an ''offer'' includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

--- Page 909 ---
Selling Restrictions 
910 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the relevant Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA"); 
or 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  and 
(b)
the expression an ''offer'' includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities." 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area, if the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", an offer of 
those Securities may not be made to the public in that Member State except that an offer of such Securities 
may be made to the public in that Member State: 
(a)
if the final terms or drawdown prospectus in relation to the Securities specifies that an 
offer of those Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus, if not a drawdown prospectus, has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in the drawdown prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation;  
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer of offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "an offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities, and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended).

--- Page 910 ---
Selling Restrictions 
911 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Securities to which Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") applies, that such offering is 
in accordance with the applicable rules set out in MiFID II (including any applicable national 
transposition of MiFID II), including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from 
the Issuer complies with such rules. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", an offer of those Securities may not be made to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)
if the final terms or drawdown prospectus in relation to the Securities specify that an 
offer of those Securities may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such Securities which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to 
any Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under this Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 (Financial Promotion) 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(b)
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws  
Any offeror of Securities will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a)
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not

--- Page 911 ---
Selling Restrictions 
912 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the 
Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation 
to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Argentina 
The offering of Securities has not been authorised by, and the Securities have not been registered with, 
the Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Valores, "CNV"). The CNV has not 
approved this Base Prospectus or any other document related to the offering of the Securities in 
Argentina. The Securities will not be offered or sold in Argentina except in transactions that may not 
constitute a public offering of securities within the meaning of Sections 2 and 83 of the Capital Markets 
Law No. 26,831, as amended. 
Austria  
In addition to the selling restrictions described in the sections headed ''Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors'' and "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU Prospectus Regulation"  above (in 
particular the restrictions/requirements stipulated by the EU Prospectus Regulation), the Securities may 
be offered in Austria only in compliance with the provisions of the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019, Federal Law Gazette No 62/2019, as amended, the ''KMG 2019'') which may 
require the filing of a notification pursuant to section 24 of the KMG 2019 with the Austrian Control 
Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft) as soon as possible, but in any event prior to 
the commencement of the relevant offer of the Securities. 
In addition, any offer and sale of the Securities must be made in compliance with the provisions of the 
Austrian Securities Supervision Act 2018 (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018, Federal Law Gazette No 
107/2017, as amended) and all other applicable legislation and regulations in Austria. 
The Bahamas 
The Securities may not be offered or sold in or from within The Bahamas unless the offer or sale is made 
by a person appropriately licensed or registered to conduct securities business in or from within The 
Bahamas. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to persons or entities designated or deemed resident in The 
Bahamas pursuant to the Exchange Control Regulations, 1956 of The Bahamas unless the prior approval 
of the Central Bank of The Bahamas is obtained. 
No offer or sale of the Securities may be made in The Bahamas unless a preliminary prospectus and a 
prospectus have been filed with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas and the Securities 
Commission of The Bahamas has issued a receipt for each document, unless such offering is exempted 
pursuant to the Securities Industry Act, 2011 and the Securities Industry Regulations, 2012. This Base 
Prospectus has not been registered with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas, nor have any 
applications been made to exempt such offer from the filing of a prospectus with the Securities 
Commission of The Bahamas under the Securities Industry Act, 2011. 
Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain")

--- Page 912 ---
Selling Restrictions 
913 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for private information purposes of intended investors only who 
fall within the definition of ‘Accredited Investors’ as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") 
and set out below. Each Dealer represents and warrants that it has not made and it will not make any 
invitation to the public in or from Bahrain to subscribe to the Securities or to any potential investor in 
Bahrain. All marketing and offering is made and will be made outside Bahrain and this Base Prospectus 
will not be issued to, passed to, or made available to the public generally in Bahrain.  
This Base Prospectus and the Securities have not been approved, licensed, registered or filed by and/or 
with (as applicable) the CBB, the Bahrain Bourse, the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism 
("MOICT") or any other regulatory authority in Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, nor has it approved this Base Prospectus or the marketing thereof in Bahrain. 
The CBB, the Bahrain Bourse and the MOICT takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the statements 
and information contained in this Base Prospectus or the performance of the Securities, nor shall they 
have any liability to any person, investor or otherwise for any loss or damage resulting from reliance on 
any statements or information contained herein. The Securities offered by way of private placement may 
only be offered in minimum subscriptions of USD100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). The CBB 
is not and will not be responsible for the performance of the Securities. 
For this purpose, an "Accredited Investor" means: 
(a)
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse)of 
U.S.$1,000,000 or more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b)
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which have financial 
assets available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c)
governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary 
authorities, and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial 
instruments (such as state pension funds). 
Brazil 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to the public in Brazil. Accordingly, the Securities have not 
been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de 
Valores Mobiliários), nor have they been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents 
relating to the Securities, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public 
in Brazil, as the offering of Securities is not a public offering of securities in Brazil, nor used in 
connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the public in Brazil. A seller of the 
Securities may be asked by the purchaser to comply with procedural requirements to evidence previous 
title to the Securities and may be subject to Brazilian tax on capital gains which may be withheld from 
the sale price. Persons wishing to offer or acquire the Securities within Brazil should consult with their 
own counsel as to the applicability of these registration requirements or any exemption therefrom. 
British Virgin Islands ("BVI") 
This Base Prospectus is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation or invitation to make offers to purchase or 
subscribe for, the Securities or any other securities or investment business services in the BVI. This Base 
Prospectus may not be sent or distributed to persons in the BVI and the Securities are not available to, 
and no invitation or offer to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities will be made to, 
persons in the BVI. However, the Securities may be offered and sold to business companies incorporated 
in the BVI and international limited partnerships formed in the BVI, provided that any such offering and 
sale is made outside the BVI or is otherwise permitted by BVI legislation.  
Although not currently in force, it is possible that Part II of the Securities and Investment Business Act, 
2010 of the BVI ("SIBA") will be brought into force and become law in the BVI in the near future. Upon 
Part II of SIBA coming into force, the Securities may not, and will not, be offered to the public or to any 
person in the BVI for purchase or subscription by or on behalf of the Issuer. The Securities may continue 
to be offered to business companies incorporated in the BVI and international limited partnerships formed 
in the BVI, but only where the offer will be made to, and received by, the relevant company or limited 
partnership outside of the BVI. Once Part II of SIBA comes into force, the Securities may also be offered 
to persons located in the BVI who are "qualified investors" for the purposes of SIBA.

--- Page 913 ---
Selling Restrictions 
914 
This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by, or registered with, the Financial Services 
Commission of the BVI and will not be so registered upon Part II of SIBA coming into force. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall not offer and sell Securities from a place of business 
within the Cayman Islands (including an offering from an internet or other electronic service provider 
located in the Cayman Islands) or in a manner constituting the establishment of a place of business or the 
commencement of business in the Cayman Islands unless it is appropriately registered and licensed or 
otherwise permitted to undertake such an offer or sale under applicable laws (including, without 
limitation, the Securities Investment Business Law (2020 Revision) (as amended) of the Cayman 
Islands). 
A Dealer may therefore offer and sell Securities to investors registered and incorporated in the Cayman 
Islands without restriction on such Dealer or the Issuer if such Dealer and the Issuer is, according to 
applicable Cayman Islands law, not located in the Cayman Islands (as a branch, an incorporated entity, 
a resident or otherwise) and does not have a place of business in and/or has not commenced the carrying 
on of business in the Cayman Islands. 
No Securities may be sold by or on behalf of the Issuer within the Cayman Islands if such sale would 
require the Issuer to be registered as a foreign company under the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of 
the Cayman Islands. 
None of the Securities shall be sold to or offered by way of subscription to any member of the public in 
the Cayman Islands whether directly or indirectly. 
Chile 
The Issuer and the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission for 
the Financial Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, "CMF") pursuant to Law No. 18.045 (Ley 
de Mercado de Valores, "Securities Market Act"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, 
accordingly, no person shall offer or sell the Securities within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public 
offering and/or in the conduct of intermediation (funciones de intermediación) within the meaning of 
Chilean law. 
The offer of any Securities pursuant to this Base Prospectus begins on the date of issuance of the relevant 
Final Terms. Any such offer of Securities complies with General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. Since the 
Securities to which an offer relates have not been registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the 
CMF, they are not subject to the supervision of such entity. As any offer of Securities pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus does not relate to registered securities, there is no obligation on the Issuer of the 
Securities to deliver in Chile public information regarding the Securities. The Securities may not be 
publicly offered in Chile as long as they are not registered in the corresponding Securities Registry.  
The above paragraph has to be reproduced in Spanish in order to comply with the General Rule N°. 336. 
Therefore, the following paragraph is only a translation into Spanish of this paragraph's disclaimers 
and does not contain any additional statement. 
Esta oferta comienza el día que se emitan los final terms. Esta oferta de valores cumple con la Norma 
de Carácter General 336 de la CMF. Dado que esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro 
de Valores Extranjeros que lleva dicha Comisión, tales valores no están sujetos a la fiscalización de 
ésta. Como esta oferta de valores se refiere a valores no inscritos, no existe la obligación por parte de 
su emisor de entregar en Chile información pública respecto de dichos valores. Estos valores no podrán 
ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
Colombia 
This Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms for each issue of Securities, is for the sole and 
exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity, and cannot be understood as addressed 
or be used by any third party, including but not limited to third parties for which the addressee can legally 
or contractually represent, nor any of its shareholders, administrators or by any of the employees of the

--- Page 914 ---
Selling Restrictions 
915 
addressee. Any material to be delivered in Colombia or to any person located, domiciled or established 
in Colombia, shall be for the sole and exclusive use of the recipient. 
This Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms for each issue of Securities, has not been and will 
not be filed with or approved by the Colombian Financial Superintendency or any other regulatory 
authority in Colombia. 
The issuance of the Securities, its trading and payment shall occur outside Colombia; therefore the 
Securities have not been and will not be registered before the Colombian National Registry of Issuers 
and Securities, nor with the Colombian Stock Exchange. The delivery of this Base Prospectus or the 
Final Terms for each issue of Securities does not constitute a public offer of securities under the laws of 
Colombia. This Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms for each issue of Securities, does not 
constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian 
law and shall be valid in Colombia only to the extent permitted by Colombian law. Under Colombian 
regulations, any offering addressed to 100 or more named individuals or companies shall be deemed to 
be an offering to the public requiring the prior approval of the Colombian Financial Superintendency and 
listing on the Colombian National Registry of Issuers and Securities. 
The Securities may not be solicited, publicly offered, transferred, sold or delivered, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any individual or legal entity in Colombia. 
The addressee acknowledges the Colombian laws and regulations (including but not limited to foreign 
exchange and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment made in connection with this 
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms for each issue of Securities and acknowledges and represents that it 
is the sole responsible party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. Additionally, 
Colombian investors are solely liable for conducting an investment suitability analysis as per their 
applicable investment regime. 
Costa Rica 
Any offer of Securities under this Base Prospectus will be an individual and private offer which is made 
in Costa Rica upon reliance on an exemption from registration before the General Superintendence of 
Securities ("SUGEVAL"), pursuant to articles 6 and 7 of the Regulations on the Public Offering of 
Securities (Reglamento sobre Oferta Pública de Valores).  
This offering is NOT a public offering of securities in Costa Rica. 
The product being offered is not intended for the Costa Rican public or market and neither is it registered 
or will be registered before the SUGEVAL, nor can it be traded in the secondary market. 
Denmark 
This Base Prospectus has not been filed with or approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
or any other regulatory authority in the Kingdom of Denmark. The Securities have not been offered or 
sold and may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Denmark, unless in compliance 
with Chapter 3 of the Danish Capital Markets Act and executive orders issued pursuant thereto as 
amended from time to time. 
El Salvador 
This Base Prospectus has been provided to the recipient under the recipient's express request and 
instructions, and on a private placement basis. 
Finland 
For selling restrictions in respect of Finland, please see "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation" above. 
This Base Prospectus has not been subjected to approval by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
The Securities may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of 
Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki

--- Page 915 ---
Selling Restrictions 
916 
(746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented and amended 
from time to time. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in Finland, this Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Securities other than to investors to whom 
offers and sales of Securities may be made. 
France 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (''AMF''). 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
Offer to the public non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus (offre au public non dispensée de la 
publication d'un prospectus) in France or an admission of Securities to trading on a 
regulated market in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in relation to 
those Securities has been approved by the AMF on the date of its publication, or (ii) 
when a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the competent 
authority of another member state of the European Economic Area which has 
implemented the EU Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), on the date 
of notification of such approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the 
date of approval of the prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier ("CMF") and the provisions of the Réglement général of the AMF ("RG 
AMF") and when formalities required by French laws and regulations have been 
carried out; or 
(b)
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private 
placement) in France: it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Securities to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to 
be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Securities. Such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France 
only in circumstances that do constitute an offer to the public exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the 
CMF and more particularly to (a) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint 
d'investiseurs), other than qualified investors,provided that such investors are acting 
for their own account; in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF 
and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in and in accordance 
with articles L. 411-2 1° of the CMF and Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and/or (c) investors who acquire Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the CMF and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF 
and/or (d) Securities whose nominal amount or equivalent amounts is at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 
3° of the CMF and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
The direct or indirect resale of Securities which have been acquired with respect to an offer to the public 
shall be subject to the same restrictions and shall only be made in accordance with the articles L. 412-1, 
L. 621-8 L.411-2 and 411-2-1 of the French Code monetaire et financier. 
In addition, each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus,

--- Page 916 ---
Selling Restrictions 
917 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Securities other than to investors 
to whom offers and sales of Securities in France may be made as described above.
Gibraltar 
The Issuer and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme and each Distributor appointed to distribute any specific Tranches of Securities in Gibraltar 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular to the public in Gibraltar 
other than at any time:

to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Gibraltar Prospectus 
Regulation; 

to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Gibraltar Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager 
or Managers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 

in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(3), 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the Gibraltar 
Prospectus Regulation), 
provided that no such offer of Securities shall require the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Gibraltar Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Gibraltar Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation 
to any Securities in Gibraltar means the communication in any form and by means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression "Gibraltar Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (including the delegated and implementing acts adopted under it) as 
implemented, retained, amended, extended, re-enacted or otherwise given effect in the Gibraltar at the 
end of the transitional period agreed between the European Union and Gibraltar pursuant to the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2019 and as amended or supplemented in Gibraltar thereafter. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager 
appointed under this Programme and each Distributor appointed to distribute any specific Tranche of 
Securities in the United Kingdom will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will 
continue to comply with all provisions applicable to it under the Financial Services Act 2019 of Gibraltar 
and it will not issue or cause to be issued, make or cause to be made, any investment advertisement or 
promotion in or from within Gibraltar unless it is authorised and/or approved to do so or is exempted 
under the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act 2019. 
Hong Kong 
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities may be issued, or may be in the 
possession of any person for the purpose of issue, (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), if 
such advertisement, invitation or document is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
of Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong, the "SFO") and any rules made thereunder. In addition, in 
respect of Securities which are not a "structured product" as defined in the SFO, the Securities may not 
be offered or sold by means of any document other than (i) to "professional investors" within the meaning 
of the SFO and any rules made thereunder; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap 32, Laws of Hong Kong, the "CO") or which do not constitute an offer to 
the public within the meaning of the CO.  
Unless (a) the Securities are not linked to an Underlying Asset or do not otherwise include a derivative 
and/or (b) the investor is an institution or are otherwise an institutional or an eligible corporate

--- Page 917 ---
Selling Restrictions 
918 
professional investor which satisfies requirements under the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by 
or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission for whom an assessment of the suitability of 
the Securities for the investor by the selling intermediary is not required under applicable Hong Kong 
laws, regulations and rules, the investor should take note of the following warning: 
This is a structured product involving derivatives. The investment decision is the investor’s but they 
should not invest in the Securities unless the intermediary who sells it to them has explained to them that 
the product is suitable for them having regard to the investor’s financial situation, investment experience 
and investment objectives. 
Where the Securities are not linked to any Underlying Asset or do not otherwise include a derivative, if 
the investor is not an institution or an institutional or an eligible corporate professional investor which 
satisfies requirements under the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the 
Securities and Futures Commission for whom an assessment of the suitability of the Securities for the 
investor by the selling intermediary is not required under applicable Hong Kong laws, regulations and 
rules, the investor should take note of the following warning: 
This is an investment product. The investment decision is the investor’s but they should not invest in the 
Securities unless the intermediary who sells it to them has explained to them that the product is suitable 
for them having regard to the investor’s financial situation, investment experience and investment 
objectives. 
In either case, investors should also take note of the following warning: 
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. 
Investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If the investor is in any doubt about any 
of the contents of this document, they should obtain independent professional advice. 
The Issuer does not accept any responsibility for any acts or omissions of such intermediary. 
Ireland 
In addition to the circumstances referred to in the section entitled "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation", each offeror of Securities will be required to represent, warrant and agree 
that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and that it will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of: 
(a)
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (EU Prospectus Regulation) Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/989 (RTS Regulation), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any 
Central Bank of Ireland ("Central Bank") rules issued and / or in force pursuant to 
section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(b)
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
(c)
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) 
and it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any 
conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central 
Bank;  
(d)
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any 
Central Bank rules issued and / or in force pursuant to section 1370 of the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended), and will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations 
thereunder;  
(e)
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based 
investment products (PRIIPs); and

--- Page 918 ---
Selling Restrictions 
919 
(f)
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made 
under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering 
of Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any final terms or 
of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or  
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, 
first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the 
"CONSOB Regulation No. 11971"), and any other applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above 
must be: 
(a)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); 
(b)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis 
of the Financial Services Act, where applicable) or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or other Italian authority. 
Article 30 of the Financial Services Act permits the promotion and placement to the public in the 
Republic of Italy of financial instruments in a place other than the registered office or establishments of 
the issuer, the offeror or the appointed person carrying out such promotion and/or placement, under 
certain conditions.  Such activity is referred in the Financial Services Act as "door-to-door selling" 
(offerta fuori sede).  Pursuant to paragraph 6 of Article 30 of the Financial Services Act, all door-to-door 
selling of financial instruments must be accompanied by a clear indication to investors that they have a 
right of withdrawal from any contract entered into pursuant to door-to-door selling, exercisable within a 
period of seven days from the date of subscription by the investor. Within such period, contracts entered 
into pursuant to door-to-door selling shall not be enforceable, and investors may exercise their 
withdrawal right without payment of any charge or commission by contacting the offeror or appointed 
person with whom the subscription for Securities was placed. Failure to indicate such right of withdrawal 
in the relevant forms given to investors shall result in the nullity of the related contracts, which may be 
enforced only by the relevant customer. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a non-exempt offer 
of Securities in the Republic of Italy may be made using door-to-door selling in accordance with Article 
30 of the Financial Services Act during the period specified in such Final Terms.  Further, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, Securities may be offered in the Republic of Italy to investors through 
recorded telephone orders pursuant to applicable Italian law. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Republic of Italy  
Investors should also note that, in accordance with article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
applicable Italian laws, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs 
(1) and (3) above, the subsequent distribution on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy of the 
Securities must be made in compliance with the rules on the offer of securities to be made to the public 
provided under the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws. Failure to comply with such 
rules may result, inter alia, in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability 
of the intermediary transferring the Securities for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Japan

--- Page 919 ---
Selling Restrictions 
920 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has agreed 
and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will not 
offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.  
Liechtenstein 
For selling restrictions in respect of Liechtenstein, please see "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation" above. 
Luxembourg 
For selling restrictions in respect of Luxembourg, please see "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation" above.  
Mexico 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry 
(Registro Nacional de Valores), maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities 
Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria de Valores), and may not be offered or sold publicly in 
Mexico. The Securities may be sold in Mexico, by any person, including the Issuer, to investors that 
qualify as institutional and accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption 
set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores). 
Panama 
The Securities have not been and will not be Registered with the Superintendence of Capital Markets of 
the Republic of Panama under Decree law No.1 of July 8, 1999 (as amended to date, the "Panamanian 
Securities Act") and may not be publicly offered or sold within Panama, except in certain limited 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Panamanian Securities Act. These 
Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the Panamanian Securities Act and are not 
subject to regulation or supervision by the Superintendence of Capital Markets of the Republic of 
Panama. 
Neither the Securities nor the offer, sale or transactions related to the same have been registered with the 
Superintendence of Capital Markets. The exemption from registration is based on paragraph (3) of Article 
129 of the Amended and Restated Text of Law Decree N°1 of July 8, 1999 (institutional investors). 
Accordingly, the tax treatment set forth in Articles 334 thru 336 of said Amended and Restated Text of 
Law Decree N°1 of July 8, 1999 is not applicable. The Securities are not subject to the supervision of the 
Superintendence of Capital Markets. 
Institutional investors that purchase the Securities pursuant to the institutional investor exemption must 
hold the Securities for a year and during that period may only sell these securities to other institutional 
investors. 
Paraguay 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offering of securities or other financial products and 
services in Paraguay. Each purchaser of Securities acknowledges that the securities and financial 
products to be offered under this Programme will be issued outside of Paraguay. Each purchaser of 
Securities acknowledges that any legal matter arising from any offer of Securities shall not be submitted 
to any Paraguayan government authority. Each purchaser of Securities acknowledges as well that the 
Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation does not cover the products offered hereby or assets or funds 
allocated for these purposes. The Paraguayan Central Bank, the Paraguayan National Stock Exchange 
Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendence do not regulate the offering of these products 
or their undertaking. Each purchaser of Securities should make his own decision whether this offering 
meets his investment objectives and risk tolerance level.

--- Page 920 ---
Selling Restrictions 
921 
Este Memorándum de Colocación Privada no constituye el ofrecimiento público de valores u otros 
productos y servicios financieros en Paraguay. Cada comprador de Valores reconoce que los valores y 
los productos financieros ofrecidos bajo este Programa serán emitidos fuera del Paraguay. Cada 
comprador de Valores acepta que cualquier asunto legal que surja en virtud de esta oferta de Valores 
no será sometido a ninguna autoridad gubernamental paraguaya. Cada comprador de Valores reconoce 
que la Ley de Garantía de Depósitos de Paraguay no cubre los productos ofrecidos por este medio, ni 
los activos y fondos transferidos a estos efectos. El Banco Central del Paraguay, la Comisión Nacional 
de Valores del Paraguay, y la Superintendencia de Bancos del Banco Central del Paraguay no regulan 
ni son responsables de la oferta de estos productos o su aceptación. El comprador de Valores debe 
evaluar si la presente oferta cumple con sus objetivos de inversión y niveles de tolerancia de riesgos. 
Peru 
The Securities and this Base Prospectus have not been registered in Peru under the Decreto Supremo Nº 
093-2002-EF: Texto Único Ordenado de la Ley del Mercado de Valores as amended (the "Peruvian 
Securities Law") nor have they been approved by the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores and 
cannot be offered or sold in Peru except in a private offering under the meaning of the Peruvian Securities 
Law. The Peruvian Securities Law provides that an offering directed exclusively to "institutional 
investors" (as defined in the Institutional Investors Market Regulations as amended) qualifies as a private 
offering. The Securities acquired by institutional investors in Peru cannot be transferred to a third party, 
unless such transfer is made to another institutional investor or the Securities have been previously 
registered with the Registro Público del Mercado de Valores maintained by the Superintendencia del 
Mercado de Valores. 
Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Securities. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Securities pursuant to any offering should note that the offer of Securities 
is a private placement under Article 8 or Article 9 or Article 10, or Article 11 of the "Rules on the Offer 
of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the CMA pursuant to its resolution 
number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H corresponding to 27/12/2017G amended by Resolution of the 
Board of the CMA number 1-104-2019 dated 01/02/1441H corresponding to 30/09/2019G amended by 
Resolution of the Board of the CMA number 1-7-2021 dated 01/06/1442H corresponding to 14/01/2021G 
(the "KSA Regulations") for the purposes of Article 10 of the KSA Regulations through a Capital Market 
Institution licensed by the CMA to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a 
notification to the CMA under the KSA Regulations. 
The Securities may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "Institutional clients" and "Qualified client" under Article 8 of the KSA Regulations or by 
way of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any 
offer of Securities will comply with the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Securities shall not therefore constitute a "public offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, 
but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Securities pursuant to a private placement under Article 10, or 
Article 9 or is an Exempt offer under Article 6 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those 
Securities to any person unless the offer or sale is made through a Capital Market Institution appropriately 
licensed by the CMA and where one of the following requirements is met: 
(a)
An offer of securities is a limited offer if at the subscription is limited to no more than 
100 offerees (excluding investors under the categoris of Institutional and Qualified 
Clients) and the minimum amount payable per offeree does not exceed two hundered 
thousand SAR; 
(b)
Securities of the same class may not be offered as a limited offer under paragraph (a) 
of this Article more than once in a twelve-month period ending with the date of the 
offer in question; 
(c)
the offer.is an exempt offer;

--- Page 921 ---
Selling Restrictions 
922 
(d)
the securities are offered or sold to an "Institutional client" and "Qualified client"; or 
(e)
the securities are being offered or sold in such other circumstances as the CMA may 
prescribe for these purposes. 
All the above restrictions shall cease to apply upon approval of listing on the Saudi Stock Exchange of 
securities of the same class as the Securities that are subject to such restrictions. 
If the requirement in paragraph (a) above cannot be fulfilled because the price of the Securities being 
offered or sold to the transferee has increased since the date of the original private placement, the 
transferor may offer or sell the Securities to the transferee if their purchase price during the period of the 
original private placement did not exceeding two hundered thousand SAR or an equivalent amount. If 
this requirement cannot be fulfilled, a Saudi Investor may offer or sell the Securities if he sells his entire 
holding of such Securities to one person. 
All the above provisions shall apply to all subsequent transferees of such Securities. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the "MAS") under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as amended or modified 
(the "SFA"). 
Securities 
Where the Securities are: 
(a)
linked to Underlying Assets which are shares (other than units of a collective 
investment scheme) of a corporation (whether incorporated in Singapore or elsewhere), 
debentures of an entity, units in a business trust, any instrument conferring or 
representing a legal or beneficial ownership interest in a corporation, partnership or 
limited liability partnership formed in Singapore or elsewhere (each of the foregoing, 
an "SFA security"), or any derivatives contract of which the underlying thing or any of 
the underlying things is a SFA security or a SFA securities index, or such other product 
or class of products prescribed by the MAS ("Non-CIS Reference Items"); or 
(b)
linked to Underlying Assets which fall within the ambit of a "collective investment 
scheme" (as defined in the SFA) (the "CIS Reference Items"), 
this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Securities or the Non-CIS Reference Items may not be circulated or 
distributed, nor may the Securities or the Non-CIS Reference Items be offered or sold, or be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, and where applicable, the conditions specified in Regulation 3 of the Securities 
and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Securities or Non-CIS Reference Items are subscribed for or purchased under Section 275 of the 
SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor,

--- Page 922 ---
Selling Restrictions 
923 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives 
contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities or Non-CIS 
Reference Items pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the 
SFA; 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) 
Regulations 2018. 
Securities Linked to CIS Reference Items with Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Securities linked to CIS Reference Items where the Securities do not provide for a right or 
interest (including an option) in respect of units in a CIS Reference Item 
Where the Securities are linked to CIS Reference Items and do provide for a right to physical delivery of 
the CIS Reference Items (whether such right is contingent on the fulfilment of any condition or not), the 
selling restriction applicable to Securities as specified above will apply to such Securities linked to CIS 
Reference Items, and additionally, the offer or invitation of the Securities and CIS Reference Items, 
which is the subject of this Base Prospectus, does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is 
authorised under Section 286 of the SFA or recognised under Section 287 of the SFA. The Programme 
and the Issuer are not authorised or recognised by the MAS and the Securities and the CIS Reference 
Items are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This Base Prospectus and any other document or 
material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and 
accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, 
and investors should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. 
This Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the CIS Reference Items may not be circulated or distributed, 
nor may the CIS Reference Items be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in the SFA) under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 305(1) or any person pursuant to 
Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA and where 
applicable, the conditions specified in Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 or, (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where CIS Reference Items are subscribed for or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has

--- Page 923 ---
Selling Restrictions 
924 
acquired the CIS Reference Items pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 
of the SFA except: 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or 
Section 305A(3)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
as specified in Regulations 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures 
(Offers 
of 
Investments) 
(Collective 
Investment 
Schemes) 
Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
(B) 
Securities Linked to CIS Reference Items where the Securities provide for a right or 
interest (including an option) in respect of units in a CIS Reference Item 
Where the Securities are linked to CIS Reference Items and do provide for a right to physical delivery of 
the CIS Reference Items (whether such right is contingent on the fulfilment of any condition or not), and 
additionally, the Securities provide for a right or interest (including an option) in respect of units in a CIS 
Reference Item, the offer or invitation of the Securities and CIS Reference Items, which is the subject of 
this Base Prospectus, does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is authorised under 
Section 286 of the SFA or recognised under Section 287 of the SFA. The Programme and the Issuer are 
not authorised or recognised by the MAS and the Securities and the CIS Reference Items are not allowed 
to be offered to the retail public. This Base Prospectus and any other document or material issued in 
connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, statutory 
liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and investors should 
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. 
This Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities or CIS Reference Items may not be circulated or 
distributed, nor may the Securities or CIS Reference Items be offered or sold, or be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the SFA) under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in section 305(5) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 305(1) or any person pursuant to 
Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, and where 
applicable, the conditions specified in Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 or, (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Securities or CIS Reference Items are subscribed for or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA 
by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the Securities or CIS Reference Items pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 305 of the SFA except:

--- Page 924 ---
Selling Restrictions 
925 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or 
Section 305A(3)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
as specified in Regulations 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures 
(Offers 
of 
Investments) 
(Collective 
Investment 
Schemes) 
Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the "SFA" is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term 
as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
"advice" as defined in the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002.  
Spain 
This Base Prospectus has not been and it is not envisaged to be approved by, registered or filed with, or 
notified to the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). It 
is not intended for the public offering or sale of Securities in Spain and does not constitute a prospectus 
(registration document or securities note) for the public offering of Securities in Spain.  
Consequently, copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Securities may not 
be offered, sold, delivered, marketed or distributed in Spain, and investors in the Securities may not sell, 
offer, deliver, market or distribute such Securities in Spain other than upon observance of and in 
compliance with the requirements set forth in the Prospectus Regulation, articles 35 of the Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 
23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended 
and restated, ("Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015") and Article 38 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 
November, partially developing Act 24/1988, of 28 July on admission to trading of securities in official 
secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, por el 
que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de 
admisión a negociación de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o 
suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as amended and restated (the "Royal Decree 
1310/2005") as further amended, supplemented and restated along with any other related regulations that 
may be in force from time to time. so that any sale or offering of the Securities in Spain is not classified 
as a public offering of securities in Spain. 
Thereby, the Securities may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed in Spain, except in accordance with 
the requirements set out the Prospectus Regulation, the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, and the Royal 
Decree 1310/2005 or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further 
amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see "Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation" above. 
Switzerland 
Each offeror of Securities represents and agrees that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Securities to the public in Switzerland, except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public 
in Switzerland  
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify Switzerland as a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 925 ---
Selling Restrictions 
926 
Terms and consent has been granted to its use for the purpose of such offer to the public in 
accordance with article 36 para. 4 of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and 
article 45 Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"); or 
(b) 
in any circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA,  
provided that no offer of Securities referred to in (b) above shall require the Issuer or any offeror to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 FinSA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression 
"offer to the public" refers to the respective definitions in article 3 lit. g and h FinSA and as further 
detailed in the FinSO. 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland: 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Securities 
specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable", subject to 
the last paragraph, each purchaser and/or offeror of the Securities represents and agrees that it has not 
offered and will not offer the Securities to any Private Client in Switzerland. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "Private Client" means a person who is not one (or more) of the 
following: 
a professional client as defined in article 4 para. 3 FinSA (not having opted-in 
on the basis of article 5 para. 5 FinSA) or article 5 para. 1 FinSA; or 
an institutional client as defined in article 4 para. 4 FinSA; or 
a private client according to article 58 para. 2 FinSA. 
(b)
the expression "offer" refers to the interpretation of such expression in article 58 
FinSA. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland" to be applicable or in the case of the next paragraph being applicable but where 
subsequently a key information document under article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or article 59 para. 2 FinSA in respect of the Securities is published, then, following 
such publication, the prohibition on the offering of the Securities to Private Clients in Switzerland as 
described above shall no longer apply.  
In the case where the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Securities 
does specify the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable" but if for 
structured products only a simplified prospectus based on the transitory provision of article 111 FinSO 
has been prepared or, for leverage products, no key information document has been published, then after 
the expiry of the transitory period, the prohibition of the offering of the Securities to Private Clients in 
Switzerland as described above shall automatically apply, subject to the preceding paragraph. 
United Arab Emirates (UAE) 
The offering of the Securities has not been approved or licensed by the UAE Central Bank, the UAE 
Securities & Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), the DFSA or any other relevant licensing authorities 
in the UAE, and accordingly does not constitute a public offer of securities in the UAE in accordance 
with the commercial companies law, Federal Law No. 2 of 2015 (as amended), SCA Resolution No. 9 
R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Mutual Funds (as amended) or SCA Resolution No. 3 R.M. 
of 2017 Concerning the Organisation of Promotion and Introduction (as amended) (together the "SCA 
Resolutions") or otherwise. Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered to the public in the UAE 
(including the Dubai International Financial Centre). 
The Securities to be issued under this Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, offered, sold, 
publicly promoted or advertised in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the 
UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of the Securities.

--- Page 926 ---
Selling Restrictions 
927 
This Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number of 
institutional and individual investors:  
(a)
who fall within the exceptions to SCA Resolutions and/or who qualify as Qualified 
Investors as defined under the SCA Resolutions; 
(b)
upon their request and confirmation that they understand that the Securities have not 
been approved or licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the SCA, the 
DFSA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE; 
and 
(c)
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be 
reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Uruguay 
The Securities have not been registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay and will not be offered or sold 
in Uruguay through public offerings. 
Venezuela 
The Securities may not be offered to the public in Venezuela and may not be sold or offered in Venezuela 
in any manner that may be construed as a public offering, as determined under Venezuelan securities 
laws. The Securities may be sold by means of a private offer through sales that do not constitute a public 
offering, as determined under Venezuelan securities laws.

--- Page 927 ---
Offers and Sales and Distribution Arrangements 
928 
OFFERS AND SALES AND DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS 
In respect of each Tranche of Securities, the Issuer may retain some of the Securities which it may sell, 
cancel or otherwise dispose of from time to time, as the case may be, as it may determine. The Issuer is 
entitled, at any time before the expiration or maturity of the Securities of any Tranche, to purchase or sell 
such Securities in the open market or through private transactions. 
The issue price of any Security specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Issue Price") is an initial price 
set by the Issuer as at the date of the relevant Final Terms. Such Issuer reserves the right to offer such 
Securities at any other price or prices as conclusively determined by it and no Holder shall have a claim 
against the Issuer by reason of the price offered to it or any other Holder. 
If applicable, the relevant Final Terms will specify the name and address of any entities in respect of 
which the Issuer has entered into an arrangement to provide a firm commitment to act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment.  
In the case of Notes to be offered to the public in Italy and/or listed in Italian markets or traded on Italian 
multilateral trading facilities, where (a) liquidity enhancement agreement(s) have been entered into 
whereby the entities acting as price makers undertake to show given bid-prices for the acquisition of the 
Notes on the secondary market, and (b) the communication n. DEM/DME/9053316 dated 8 June 2009 
of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) (the "Communication") and/or the 
resolution no. 18406 dated 13 December 2012 of CONSOB (the "Resolution") apply or it is however 
required, the relevant Final Terms or notices (in compliance with the relevant Italian laws and 
regulations) will provide suitable disclosure of such agreement(s) according to such Communication and 
Resolution and the Issuer will act in compliance with such Communication and Resolution.

--- Page 928 ---
Important Legal Information 
929 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION  
1.
This Base Prospectus and any supplements 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") is a base prospectus prepared for the purposes of Article 
8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. It is valid for one year and may be supplemented from time 
to time under the terms of Art. 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
each supplement will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
at 
www.bourse.lu 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://certificati.marex.com/legal-documents/. In such case, in relation to a Non-Exempt Offer, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Securities before the 
supplement is published shall have the right, exercisable within the time period specified in the 
supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the new factor, mistake or inaccuracy 
giving rise to the publication of the supplement arose before the final closing of the Non-Exempt 
Offer and the delivery of the Securities. 
This document should be read together with any supplements to it, any documents incorporated 
by reference within it, and the relevant Issue Terms in relation to any particular issue of 
Securities. 
2.
Responsibility statement 
Marex Financial accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of Marex Financial, the information contained in the Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. Where information contained in the Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third 
party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as Marex Financial is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
3.
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issuance of Securities, the 
Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with the making of an offer of 
the Securities to the public requiring the prior publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer") (i) by the financial intermediary/ies (each, an 
"Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the relevant conditions, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The consent shall be valid in relation to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and such of Italy, 
provided that it shall be a condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used 
by the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Securities in the 
jurisdiction(s) in which the Non-exempt Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) amend the 
conditions of the offer. In such event, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will 
be published by way of a notice which will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
website (www.bourse.lu) and the Marex Financial website (https://certificati.marex.com/), 
provided that any extension of the offer period or any such amendment to the conditions of the 
offer which falls within Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation shall be the subject of a 
supplement. The consent relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Marex Financial accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any 
person (an "Investor") purchasing Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer 
to the Investor is made (i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer or Dealer named herein), (ii) 
in a member state for which the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the offer period for 
which the consent is given and (iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the giving 
of the consent, all as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. However, none of the Issuer and the

--- Page 929 ---
Important Legal Information 
930 
Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other Securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
Other than in accordance with the terms set out in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not 
authorised (and nor has any Dealer) the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Securities or 
the use of this Base Prospectus by any person. No financial intermediary or any other person is 
permitted to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any offer of the Securities in any other 
circumstances unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer. Any such offers are not made on behalf of 
the Issuer (or Dealer) and none of the Issuer and the Dealer has any responsibility or liability to 
any Investor purchasing Securities pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person making 
such offer. 
If an Investor intends to purchase Securities from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and 
such offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in 
place between such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations 
and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements 
and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and 
conditions of such offer should be provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at 
the time such offer is made. None of the Issuer or the Dealer has any responsibility or 
liability for such information. 
4.
Content of websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
No content of any website, cited or referred to in this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed to form 
part of, or be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
5.
Yield for fixed rate and zero coupon Securities 
The yield for fixed rate and zero coupon Securities which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
is calculated as at the Issue Price on the Issue Date. It is not an indication of future yield, which 
will depend on the price at which the Securities were acquired. 
6.
Listing the Securities and admission to trading 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange") for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II")).  
Further to the approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF above, application may also be made 
for the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading on regulated markets (as from time to 
time determined for the purposes of MiFID II) in any member state of the European Economic 
Area further to Article 25(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or on any other listing authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system. Securities issued under the Programme may also be 
unlisted. The Issue Terms in respect of the issue of any Securities will specify whether or not 
the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or market(s). If Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading, the Issuer 
is under no obligation to maintain such listing and/or admission. 
7.
De-listing 
Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Securities as a result of their listing on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other exchange, as the case may be, 
delisting the Securities from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other regulated or 
unregulated market or multilateral trading facility or other trading platform, as the case may be,

--- Page 930 ---
Important Legal Information 
931 
may have a material adverse effect on a purchaser's ability to resell its Securities in the secondary 
market. 
8.
ISDA Definitions 
Where any interest and/or coupon amount payable under the Securities is calculated by reference 
to an ISDA Rate, investors should consult the Issuer if they require an explanation of such ISDA 
Rate. Investors should also consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as applicable 
9.
Non-equity securities  
All Series of Securities issued under the Programme will not constitute "equity securities" for 
the purposes of Article 2(b) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 2(1)(v) of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law.

--- Page 931 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
932 
CONTINUATION / INCREASES OF PUBLIC OFFERS 
The offer period during which a Non-exempt Offer of the Securities identified in the table below (the 
"Legacy Securities") will be made extends beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus dated 30 
September 2021 ("Base Prospectus 2021") or the offer period of such Legacy Securities ended during 
the validity of the Base Prospectus 2021 but such Legacy Securities are to be issued and listed on a 
regulated market after the validity of the Base Prospectus 2021, which will end on 30 September 2022. 
Following the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF, such Non-Exempt Offers will continue 
under this Base Prospectus until the later of the end of the relevant offer period as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms of the Legacy Securities or at the expiration date of this Base Prospectus, which is 
30 September 2023. 
The Base Prospectus 2021 and the Final Terms of each Series of Legacy Securities documented using 
the 2021 Form of Final Terms (Instruments) or the 2021 Form of Final Terms (Notes) are available for 
viewing at the Issuer’s website https://certificati.marex.com/.  
ISIN
Title of Securities
End of Offer Period
IT0006749466 
The final terms dated 14 March 2022 relating to 
the issue of 5,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Roche Holding AG, Sanofi, Novartis AG and 
Merck & Co Inc., due 25 March 2025.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749532 
The final terms dated 22 March 2022 relating to the 
issue of 5,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Autocall Certificates linked to Intesa Sanpaolo 
SpA, due 26 March 2025 (Tranche One 
Certificates). 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749532 
The final terms dated 3 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 5,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Autocall Certificates linked to Intesa Sanpaolo 
SpA, due 26 March 2025 (Tranche Two 
Certificates). 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749540 
The final terms dated 22 March 2022 relating to the 
issue of 5,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Autocall Certificates linked to UniCredit SpA, due 
26 March 2025 (Tranche One Certificates). 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749540 
The final terms dated 3 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 5,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Autocall Certificates linked to UniCredit SpA, due 
26 March 2025 (Tranche Two Certificates). 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749599 
The final terms dated 31 March 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Ubisoft 
Entertainment SA, Take-Two Interactive Software 
Inc. and Microsoft Corporation, due 10 April 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749607 
The final terms dated 31 March 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to The Coca-
Cola Company, Danone SA, The Procter & 
Gamble Company and The Kraft Heinz Company, 
due 9 April 2026. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 932 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
933 
IT0006749615 
The final terms dated 31 March 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Veolia 
Environnement SA and Enel SpA, due 9 April 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749623 
The final terms dated 6 April 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to BNP Paribas SA, 
Credit Agricole SA and Banco Santander SA, due 
16 April 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749631 
The final terms dated 6 April 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to FTSE 100 Index, 
EURO STOXX 50® Index, Swiss Market Index 
and S&P 500® Index, due 15 April 2026. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749649 
The final terms dated 14 April 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Novartis 
AG, L'Oreal SA and GSK PLC., due 23 April 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006749656 
The final terms dated 14 April 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Sanofi, LVMH Moet 
Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE and Roche Holding 
AG, due 23 April 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750472 
The final terms dated 4 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Mediobanca Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
SpA, 
Assicurazioni 
Generali SpA and Enel SpA, due 14 May 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750480 
The final terms dated 4 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Certificates linked to STMicroelectronics NV, due 
15 May 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750498 
The final terms dated 4 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Certificates linked to adidas AG, due 15 May 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750506 
The final terms dated 4 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Glencore PLC, Rio 
Tinto PLC and Anglo American PLC, due 14 May 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750514 
The final terms dated 12 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to LVMH Moet 
Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, Moncler SpA, Kering 
SA and Cie Financiere Richemont SA, due 20 May 
2026. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 933 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
934 
IT0006750522 
The final terms dated 12 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Assicurazioni 
Generali SpA, UniCredit SpA, Eni SpA and Enel 
SpA, due 19 May 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750811 
The final terms dated19 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Renault 
SA, Volkswagen AG and Stellantis NV, due 28 
May 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750795 
The final terms dated 24 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Allianz SE, Kering 
SA and Prosus NV, due 4 June 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750803 
The final terms dated 24 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix 
Certificates 
linked 
to 
Veolia 
Environnement SA, Iberdrola SA and Enel SpA, 
due 4 June 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750837 
The final terms dated 24 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Kering SA, Siemens 
AG and Allianz SE, due 4 June 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750829 
The final terms dated 25 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Basf Se, Enel SpA 
and Microsoft Corporation, due 7 June 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750845 
The final terms dated 26 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Eni 
SpA, Ferrari NV and UniCredit SpA, due 3 June 
2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006750852 
The final terms dated 26 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Banco 
BPM SpA, Enel SpA and UniCredit SpA, due 3 
June 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751074 
The final terms dated 26 May 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 12 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to S&P 500® Index, 
EURO STOXX 50® Index and SWISS MARKET 
IND, due 2 June 2023. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751082 
The final terms dated 1 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to BNP 
Paribas SA, Adidas AG and Enel SpA, due 10 June 
2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751090 
The final terms dated 6 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Veolia 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 934 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
935 
Environnement SA, Electricite de France SA and 
Enel SpA, due 11 June 2025. 
IT0006751108 
The final terms dated 14 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Certificates linked to Enel SpA, due 19 June 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751116 
The final terms dated 14 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Allianz SE, Zurich 
Insurance Group AG and Assicurazioni Generali 
SpA, due 19 June 2026. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751124 
The final terms dated 14 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Intesa Sanpaolo 
SpA, UniCredit SpA and Banco BPM SpA, due 19 
June 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751132 
The final terms dated 14 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Enel SpA, Eni SpA 
and Assicurazioni Generali SpA, due 19 June 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751207 
The final terms dated 15 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 12 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to LVMH Moet 
Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, Kering SA and 
Hermes International SCA, due 22 June 2023. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751215 
The final terms dated 27 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to UniCredit SpA, 
Banco BPM SpA and Mediobanca Banca di 
Credito Finanziario SpA, due 8 July 2026. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751223 
The final terms dated 27 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Enel SpA and Intesa 
Sanpaolo SpA, due 9 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751256 
The final terms dated 28 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to Kering SA, 
L'Oreal SA and Vinci SA, due 5 July 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751249 
The final terms dated 28 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to AXA SA, 
Deutsche Post AG and BNP Paribas SA, due 5 July 
2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751231 
The final terms dated 28 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to UniCredit 
SpA, BNP Paribas SA and Credit Agricole SA, due 
5 July 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 935 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
936 
IT0006751272 
The final terms dated 28 June 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Deutsche Telekom 
AG, Allianz SE and Adidas AG, due 5 July 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751280 
The final terms dated 5 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Eni SpA, Intesa 
Sanpaolo SpA, UniCredit SpA and Stellantis NV, 
due 10 July 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751298 
The final terms dated 8 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Autocall Certificates linked to 
Repsol SA, Snam SpA and TotalEnergies SE, due 
16 July 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751306 
The final terms dated 8 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Autocall Certificates linked to Stellantis NV, due 
16 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751454 
The final terms dated 8 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Autocall Certificates linked to 
Credit Agricole SA, UniCredit SpA and Banco 
Santander SA, due 16 July 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751462 
The final terms dated 8 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Autocall Certificates linked to 
Banco BPM SpA, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria SA, Deutsche Bank AG and Credit 
Agricole SA, due 16 July 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751470 
The final terms dated 8 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Autocall Certificates linked to 
Enel SpA, Intesa Sanpaolo SpA, UniCredit SpA 
and Stellantis NV, due 16 July 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751488 
The final terms dated 11 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Intesa 
Sanpaolo SpA, UniCredit SpA and Mediobanca 
Banca di Credito Finanziario SpA, due 17 July 
2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751496 
The final terms dated 11 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Enel 
SpA, UniCredit SpA and Ferrari NV, due 17 July 
2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751504 
The final terms dated 11 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Certificates 
linked 
to 
Volkswagen AG, Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
and Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, due 17 July 
2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 936 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
937 
IT0006751512 
The final terms dated 13 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to UniCredit SpA, Enel 
SpA and Eni SpA, due 22 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751686 
The final terms dated 18 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Telefonica SA, 
Deutsche Telekom AG and Vodafone Group PLC, 
due 23 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751678 
The final terms dated 18 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Memory Phoenix 
Certificates linked to EURO STOXX Banks Index, 
due 23 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751694 
The final terms dated 19 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Intesa Sanpaolo SpA 
and UniCredit SpA, due 23 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751702 
The final terms dated 25 July 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Enel SpA, Eni SpA 
and Assicurazioni Generali SpA, due 30 July 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751710 
The final terms dated 4 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Intesa 
Sanpaolo SpA, Snam SpA and Moncler SpA, due 
13 August 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751769 
The final terms dated 4 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Enel SpA, Eni SpA 
and Stellantis NV, due 13 August 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751777 
The final terms dated 4 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to Intesa 
Sanpaolo SpA, UniCredit SpA and Assicurazioni 
Generali SpA, due 13 August 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751785 
The final terms dated 8 August 2022 relating to the 
issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of Memory 
Phoenix Certificates linked to Enel SpA, Eni SpA 
and Stellantis NV, due 13 August 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751793 
The final terms dated 29 August 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, Kering 
SA and Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA, due 
3 September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751801 
The final terms dated 29 August 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
UniCredit SpA, Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and Banco 
BPM SpA, due 3 September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 937 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
938 
IT0006751819 
The final terms dated 29 August 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Enel SpA, UniCredit SpA and Stellantis NV, due 3 
September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751827 
The final terms dated 29 August 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Stellantis 
NV, 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
SpA 
and 
Assicurazioni Generali SpA, due 3 September 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751835 
The final terms dated 29 August 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Stellantis NV, Enel SpA and Assicurazioni 
Generali SpA, due 3 September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751843 
The final terms dated 1 September 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Certificates linked to AXA SA, 
Aegon NV and Assicurazioni Generali SpA, due 
10 September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751850 
The final terms dated 1 September 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to 
Banco BPM SpA, Ferrari NV and Intesa Sanpaolo 
SpA, due 9 September 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751868 
The final terms dated 9 September 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR 100 per cent. 
Capital Protected Certificates linked to FTSE MIB 
IDX, due 9 September 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751876 
The final terms dated 9 September 2022 relating to 
the issue of 10,000 60 Months EUR Worst of 100 
per cent. Capital Protected Certificates linked to 
Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and Enel SpA, due 9 
September 2027. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751884 
The final terms dated 12 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to 
AXA SA, Assicurazioni Generali SpA, Aegon NV 
and Muenchener Rueckversicherungs Gesellschaft 
in Muenchen AG, due 18 September 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751892 
The final terms dated 12 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to 
Repsol SA, TotalEnergies SE, BP PLC and Eni 
SpA, due 18 September 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751900 
The final terms dated 12 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Certificates linked to Eni SpA, 
Iberdrola SA and Stellantis NV, due 17 September 
2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms)

--- Page 938 ---
Continuation / Increases of public offers 
939 
IT0006751918 
The final terms dated 19 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Eni SpA, Stellantis NV and UniCredit SpA, due 30 
September 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006751926 
The final terms dated 22 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 24 Months EUR Worst of 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Certificates linked to 
Danone SA, Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA and 
L'Oreal SA, due 1 October 2024. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752445 
The final terms dated 22 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Certificates linked to UBS 
Group AG, Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA 
and Swatch Group AG, due 1 October 2025.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752452 
The final terms dated 26 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 48 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
FTSE MIB IDX, DEUTSCHE BORSE DAX 
INDEX, CAC 40 INDEX and FTSE 100 IDX, 
due 1 October 2026.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752460 
The final terms dated 27 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 30 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
UniCredit SpA, Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and 
Stellantis NV, due 2 April 2025.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752478 
The final terms dated 28 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 21 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
EURO STOXX 50® Index and S&P 500® Index, 
due 10 July 2024.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752486 
The final terms dated 30 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR 95 per 
cent. Capital Protected Certificates linked to 
ESTX SD 30 PR INDEX, due 15 October 2025.
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
IT0006752494 
The final terms dated 30 September 2022 relating 
to the issue of 10,000 36 Months EUR Worst of 
Memory Phoenix Autocall Certificates linked to 
Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and UniCredit SpA, due 14 
October 2025. 
Final Reference Date at 
the latest (as specified in 
the Final Terms) 
For the purpose of continuing the public offering and in case of an increase of the issue size of 
a Series of the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus 2021, the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities, the Form of Final Terms (Instruments), the Form of Final Terms (Notes), the 
Form of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) and the Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes), which 
are part of the Base Prospectus 2021, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(see the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
In the case of (i) a continuation of the public offering of Securities which have been initially 
offered to the public under the Base Prospectus 2021 and (ii) an increase of the issue size of a 
Series of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus 2021, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities, the Form of Final Terms (Instruments), the Form of Final Terms (Notes), the Form 
of Pricing Supplement (Instruments) and the Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) contained in 
this Base Prospectus shall be replaced by the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Form 
of Final Terms (Instruments), the Form of Final Terms (Notes), the Form of Pricing Supplement 
(Instruments) and the Form of Pricing Supplement (Notes) contained in the Base Prospectus 
2021.

--- Page 939 ---
General Information 
940 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1.
Authorisations 
The Programme has been authorised pursuant to a written resolution of the management board 
passed on 30 September 2021 and the update has been authorised by the management board on 
27 September 2022.  
2.
Financial Statements 
The statutory financial statements of the Issuer for the periods ended 31 December 2021 (the 
"Annual Report 2021") and 31 December 2020 (the "Annual Report 2020") have been audited 
without qualification by Deloitte LLP, Hill House, 1 Little New Street, London, EC4A 3TR in 
accordance with the laws of England. Deloitte LLP is a registered member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Annual Report 2021 and the Annual Report 
2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as well as interpretations issued by the 
IFRS Interpretations Committee as endorsed by the European Union ("IFRS") and adopted by 
the UK. 
The Annual Reports 2021 and 2020 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
3.
Ratings 
The credit ratings of Marex Financial referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services ("S&P"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
following mandated ratings have been assigned to the Issuer by S&P: 
Long-Term 
BBB 
Short-Term 
A-2 
The ratings have the following meanings: 
A-2: An obligor rated 'A-2' has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category. 
BBB*: An obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity 
to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
* Plus (+) or minus (-): The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of a 
plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
S&P is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that these credit ratings will 
be effective after the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any Securities. The ratings shown in this section are the Issuer’s own ratings 
and should not be treated as ratings of the Securities. If Securities are rated, the ratings assigned 
to the relevant Securities may be different to the ratings of the Issuer.  
The credit rating (if any) of a certain Series of Securities to be issued under the Programme may 
be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to the relevant Series of Securities will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Issue 
Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under the EU CRA Regulation (as updated

--- Page 940 ---
General Information 
941 
from time to time) is published on the website of the ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-
registered-and-certified-CRAs).  
4.
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its 
most recent audited financial statements (31 December 2021). 
5.
No significant changes and no material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date of its 
most recent audited financial statements (31 December 2021). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since the date of 
its most recent audited financial statements (31 December 2021). 
6.
No material changes in the borrowing and funding structure 
Except fo the information as described in this section, there has been no material adverse change 
in the borrowing and funding structure of the Issuer since the date of its most recent audited 
financial statements (31 December 2021). 
Marex Group plc raised $ 100 Million of Additional Tier 1 financing in June 2022. 
7.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of the Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer financial position or profitability. 
8.
Documents available 
Copies of the following documents will be made available for at least 10 years and may be 
obtained free of charge upon request during normal business hours from the specified office of 
the Issuer and on the website https://certificati.marex.com/: 
(i)
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii)
Annual Report 2021 of the Issuer; 
(iii)
Annual Report 2020 of the Issuer; 
(iv)
the Base Prospectus 2021 (including the Supplement dated 29 September 2022); 
(v)
this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and any Final Terms. 
9.
Clearing and Settlement 
The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Securities will specify whether the Securities have 
been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Monte Titoli.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B- 1210 Brussels, Belgium. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of Monte Titoli is Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
10.
Delisting Securities 
Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Securities as a result of their listing on 
the Borsa Italiana named MOT (Mercato Obbligazionario Telematico) or any other exchange, 
as the case may be, delisting the Securities from the Borsa Italiana or any other market, as the 
case may be, may have a material adverse effect on a purchaser's ability to resell its Securities 
in the secondary market.

--- Page 941 ---
General Information 
942 
11.
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 942 ---
943 
ISSUER 
Marex Financial  
155 Bishopsgate,  
London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3TQ
CALCULATION AGENT 
Marex Financial  
155 Bishopsgate,  
London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3TQ
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Milan Branch, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3,  
20124 Milan 
Italy
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
United Kingdom
AUDITORS 
Deloitte LLP 
Hill House, 1 Little New Street 
London, EC4A 3TR 
United Kingdom