--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 JUNE 2022 
MARZIO FINANCE S.R.L. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€ 10,000,000,000 Asset Backed Notes Programme 
 
Under the € 10,000,000,000 Asset Backed Notes Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below) Marzio Finance S.r.l., 
a società a resposabilità limitata incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with the Securitisation Law (as 
defined below) and all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Notes"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed € 10,000,000,000. 
The Notes may be issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may consist of: (i) class A limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Class A Notes" 
or the "Senior Notes"); (ii) class B limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Class B Notes" or the "Mezzanine Notes" and, together with the Class A Notes 
the "Rated Notes"); and (iii) class J limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Class J Notes" or the "Junior Notes"). 
Each Series will be issued, in the context of a single transaction, for the purpose of financing the purchase of a single Portfolio of Receivables, pursuant to 
articles 1 and 5 of the Italian law no. 130 of 30 April 1999 (the "Securitisation Law"), in accordance with the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement 
executed on 21 July 2017, as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which the Issuer shall purchase Portfolios of Receivables from the 
Originator, subject to certain conditions set forth therein (each a "Transaction"). 
Each Series may be issued without the consent of the holders of any outstanding Notes, subject to certain conditions. Notice of, inter alia, the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the relevant maturity date which are applicable to each Series will be set out in the 
final terms applicable to the relevant Series (the "Final Terms"). 
The Rated Notes of each Series will bear interest on their Principal Amount Outstanding from and including the relevant Issue Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) at the rate set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. The Junior Notes of each Series will have a remuneration 
equal to the Variable Return, if any, (as defined in the Junior Notes Conditions). Interest in respect of the Notes will accrue on a daily basis and will be payable 
in arrears in Euro on each relevant Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. The first Payment Date in respect of the Notes of any 
Series will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Series. 
The principal source of payment of interest and Variable Return and of repayment of principal on the Notes, with reference to each Series, will be the 
collections and recoveries made in respect of monetary claims and connected rights arising out of the Receivables deriving from the Loan Agreements entered 
into by IBL - Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A., as Originator, and the relevant Borrowers, included in the relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer from the 
Originator in the context of each Transaction.   
By virtue of the operation of article 3 of the Securitisation Law, the Programme Documents and each Series Document, with reference to each Transaction 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest in and to the relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer under each such Transaction, any monetary claim accrued by the 
Issuer in the context of such Transaction, the relevant collections and the financial assets purchased through such collections (the "Issuer's Series 
Segregated Assets") will be segregated from all other assets of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Portfolio purchased by the Issuer 
in the context of the Programme). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving therefrom (to the extent identifiable) will be exclusively available, both prior to and 
following a winding up of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series, to the Other Issuer Creditors of the 
relevant Transaction and to any other creditors of the Issuer in the context of such Transaction in respect of any costs, fees and expenses in relation to the 
relevant Transaction, in priority to the Issuer's obligations to any other creditors. 
This Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the Rated Notes, for the purpose of the listing and issuing rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
supplemented or superseded from time to time, the "Prospectus Regulation"), and the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg, and a "Prospetto 
Informativo", for both the Rated Notes and the Junior Notes, for the purposes of article 2, sub-section 3, of the Securitisation Law. This Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for the 
purpose of the admission to trading of the Rated Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and any such approval of 
the Base Prospectus by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are subject of this Base Prospectus and 
the Issuer and the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer, in 
accordance with article 6(4) of loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières - Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the securities. 
The CSSF has neither approved or reviewed any information relating to the Junior Notes, as only the Rated Notes will be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months, from 16 June 2022 to 16 June 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each Transaction under the Programme is intended to be qualified as a STS-securitisation within the meaning of article 18 of Regulation (EU) no. 2017/2402 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework 
for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 
1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012 and its relevant technical standards (the “EU Securitisation Regulation”). Consequently, each Transaction carried out 
under the Programme meeting the requirements of articles 19 to 22 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, will be notified on or about the relevant Issue Date 
by the Originator, to be included in the list published by ESMA referred to in article 27(5) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The Originator will use the 
service of Prime Collateralised Securities EU SAS (“PCS”), as a third party verifying the STS compliance, authorised under article 28 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation in connection with the STS Verification and the CRR Assessment.  It is expected that the STS Verification and the CRR Assessment prepared by 
PCS will be available on the PCS website (https://pcsmarket.org/sts-verification-transactions/) together with a detailed explanation of its scope at 
https://pcsmarket.org/disclaimer/. For the avoidance of doubt, such PCS website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be provided that each Transaction will or will continue to qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation 
on the relevant Issue Date or at any point in time in the future. None of the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers and the 
Representative of the Noteholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents makes any representation or accepts any liability for the relevant 
Transaction to qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation on the relevant Issue Date or at any point in time in the future. 
Each prospective Noteholder is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of complying with article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, and none of the Issuer, IBL Banca (in any capacity), the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents, makes any representation that the information described in this Base Prospectus is sufficient 
in all circumstances for such purposes. In addition, each prospective Noteholder should ensure that it complies with any implementing provisions in respect 
of article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. Investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
should seek guidance from their regulator. Any material net economic interest to be maintained in the context of each Transaction will be determinted as at 
each Issue Date in accordance with article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
From 1 January 2021, relevant UK-established or UK-regulated persons are subject to the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of 
the UK as “retained EU law” by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”), and as amended by the Securitisation 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the “Securitisation EU Exit Regulations”, and as may be further amended, the “UK Securitisation Regulation”). 
Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation places certain conditions on investments in a “securitisation” (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) 
(the “UK Due Diligence Requirements”) by an “institutional investor” (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation). The UK Due Diligence Requirements 
also apply to investments by certain consolidated affiliates, wherever established or located, of such institutional investors which are CRR firms (as defined 
by article 4(1)(2A) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA) (such affiliates, together with all 
such institutional investors, “UK Affected Investors”). The application of the UK Securitisation Regulation is also subject to the temporary transitional relief 
being available in certain areas. The UK Securitisation Regulation regime is currently subject to a review, which is likely to result in further changes being 
introduced in the UK in due course. Therefore, some divergence between EU and UK regimes exists already and the risk of more divergence in the future 
between EU and UK regimes cannot be ruled out. 
None of the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers and the Representative of the Noteholders or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents will retain or commit to retain a 5 per cent. material net economic interest with respect to the Securitisation in accordance with the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or makes or intends to make any representation or agreement that it or any other party is undertaking or will undertake to take or refrain from 
taking any action to facilitate or enable the compliance by UK Affected Investors with the UK Due Diligence Requirements, or to comply with the requirements 
of any other law or regulation now or hereafter in effect in the UK in relation to risk retention, due diligence and monitoring, credit granting standards or any 
other conditions with respect to investments in securitisation transactions by UK Affected Investors. 
Failure by a UK Affected Investor to comply with the UK Due Diligence Requirements with respect to an investment in the Notes offered by this Base 
Prospectus may result in regulatory sanctions being imposed by the competent authority of such UK Affected Investor (including the imposition of a higher 
regulatory capital charges on that investment). 
Prospective UK Affected Investors are themselves responsible for analysing their own regulatory position, and should consult their own advisers in this respect 
and should consider (and where appropriate, take independent advice on) the application of the UK Securitisation Regulation or other applicable regulations 
and the suitability of the Notes for investment. 
None of the Co-Arrangers or the Subscribers is responsible for any obligation of the Seller or the Issuer for compliance with the requirements (including 
existing or ongoing reporting requirements) of the EU Securitisation Regulation or any corresponding national measures which may be relevant or the UK 
Securitisation Regulation. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the exemption under Section 20 of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules, and no other steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any of their affiliates or any other 
party to accomplish such compliance. 
In respect of any Series issued under the Programme, at least two rating agencies shall assign a rating to the Senior Notes and/or Mezzanine Notes of the 
relevant Series as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that such rating agencies are established (i) in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 and by Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 21 May 2013 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), (ii) in the UK and registered under EU CRA Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”), and included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority 
(currently located at the 
following website 
address 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. For the avoidance of doubt, such website does not constitute part of this Base 
Prospectus (the "ESMA Website"). 
In case the Rated Notes will be rated by Moody's, its general meaning of each relevant long-term debt single rating is as follows (data have been taken out 
from Moody’s website). Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
Aaa - Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk.  
Aa - Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk.  
A - Obligations rated A are considered upper – medium – grade and are subject to low credit risk.  
Baa - Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.  
Ba - Obligations rated Ba are judged to have speculative elements and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B - Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk.  
Caa Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk.  
Ca Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of recovery of principal and interest.  
C Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal or interest. 
In case the Rated Notes will be rated by DBRS, its general meaning of each relevant long-term debt single rating is as follows (data have been taken out 
from DBRS’s website). The below provide an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance 
with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the 
relative ranking of claims. Rating categories below may contain subcategories (high) and (low). The absence of either a (high) or (low) designation indicates 
the rating is in the middle of the category.  
AAA - Highest credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is exceptionally high and unlikely to be adversely affected by future events. 
AA - Superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a small degree. 
Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events.  
A - Good credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than AA. May be vulnerable to future 
events, but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.  
BBB - Adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable. May be vulnerable to future events. 
BB – Speculative, non-investment-grade credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is uncertain. Vulnerable to future events. 
B Highly speculative credit quality. There is a high level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. 
CCC / CC / C - Very highly speculative credit quality. In danger of defaulting on financial obligations. There is little difference between these three categories, 
although CC and C ratings are normally applied to obligations that are seen as highly likely to default, or subordinated to obligations rated in the CCC to B 
range. Obligations in respect of which default has not technically taken place but is considered inevitable may be rated in the C category. 
D -When the issuer has filed under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or winding up statute or there is a failure to satisfy an obligation after the exhaustion 
of grace periods, a downgrade to D may occur. DBRS may also use SD (Selective Default) in cases where only some securities are impacted, such as the 
case of a “distressed exchange”. 
 
In case the Rated Notes will be rated by Scope, Scope's general meaning of each relevant long-term debt single rating is as follows (data have been taken 
out from Scope’s website, “Rating Definitions – Credit Rating and Ancillary Services”) 
AAA -Ratings at the AAA level reflect an opinion of exceptionally strong credit quality.  
AA - Ratings at the AA level reflect an opinion of very strong credit quality. 
A - Ratings at the A level reflect an opinion of strong credit quality. 
BBB -Ratings at the BBB level reflect an opinion of good credit quality.  
BB Ratings at the BB level reflect an opinion of moderate credit quality.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
B -Ratings at the B level reflect an opinion of weak credit quality.  
CCC -Ratings at the CCC level reflect an opinion of very weak credit quality.  
CC- Ratings at the CC level reflect an opinion of extremely weak credit quality. 
C- Ratings at the C level reflect an opinion of exceptionally weak credit quality. 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating organisation. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the Notes to be issued may be subject to withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax, in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") and any related regulations. 
Upon the occurrence of any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax from any payments under the Notes of any Class, neither the Issuer nor any 
other person shall have any obligation to pay any additional amount(s) to any holder of Notes of any Class. For further details see the section entitled 
"Taxation". 
The Notes of any Series will be limited recourse obligations solely of the Issuer. In particular, the Notes of any Series will not be obligations or responsibilities 
of, or guaranteed by, any of the Originator, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Calculation 
Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank, the Investment Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Listing Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the relevant Subscriber(s), the Co-Arrangers, the Series Swap Counterparty 
(if any), the Programme Administrator, the Quotaholder or any of their respective affiliates or any other party (other than the Issuer) to the Transaction 
Documents. Furthermore, none of such persons accepts any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment of any amount due 
on the Notes of any Series. 
With reference to each Series of Notes, as of the relevant Issue Date of such Series, the Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the ultimate 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions of article 83-bis of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
Before the relevant maturity date, the Notes of each Series will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances 
(as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption, purchase and cancellation)). Unless previously redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions, the Notes of each 
Series will be redeemed on the relevant Final Maturity Date. Save as provided in the Conditions, with reference to each Series, the Notes of each Class will 
be subject to mandatory redemption in full (or in part pro rata) on the First Payment Date and on each Payment Date thereafter in accordance with the 
Conditions, in each case if on such dates there are sufficient Series Available Funds which may be applied for this purpose in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
Capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires or otherwise specified herein, have the 
meanings set out in the section entitled "Glossary". 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Notes, see the section 
entitled "Risk Factors". 
Co-Arrangers 
 
IBL – ISTITUTO BANCARIO DEL LAVORO S.P.A.  
 
UNICREDIT BANK AG

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, supplemented 
or superseded the "Prospectus Regulation") and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Issuer and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
The Co-Arrangers and the Subscribers have not separately verified and will not separately verify 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms of each Series of Notes and 
the other Transaction Documents. The Co-Arrangers and the Subscribers do not make any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms of each Series 
of Notes and the other Transaction Documents. 
None of the Issuer, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
other than the Originator has undertaken or will undertake any investigation, searches or other actions to 
verify the details of the Receivables sold by the Originator to the Issuer, nor has any of the Issuer, the 
Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents (other than the 
Originator) undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, searches, or other actions to establish 
the creditworthiness of any Debtor. In the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and in each 
relevant Transfer Agreement, the Originator has given certain representations and warranties to the 
Issuer in relation to, inter alia, the Receivables, the Loan Agreements and the Debtors. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information, is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading and that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held and 
there are no other facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such 
information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading. 
IBL Servicing S.p.A. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
section "The Servicer", "Description of the Programme Documents - The Programme Servicing 
Agreement" and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge and belief of IBL Servicing S.p.A. (which has taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is true and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
IBL – Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base 
Prospectus in the sections "The Portfolios", "The Originator, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Collection Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Programme Administrator and 
the Corporate Servicer", "Credit and Collection Policy", "Description of the Programme Documents - The 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement" and "Description of the Programme Documents - The 
Programme Servicing Agreement" and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus and in 
the relevant Final Terms relating to itself, the Receivables and the Loan Agreements. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of IBL – Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. (which has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case), such information is true and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Zenith Service S.p.A. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
section "The Back-up Servicer and the Back-up Calculation Agent". To the best of the knowledge and 
belief of Zenith Service S.p.A. (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such 
information is true and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
CITIBANK N.A., Milan Branch and CITIBANK N.A, London Branch accept responsibility for the 
information included in this Base Prospectus in the sections "The Transaction Bank and the Italian Paying 
Agent" and "The Investment Account Bank and The Principal Paying Agent". To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of CITI Milan and CITI London (which have taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case), such information is true and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Banca Finint S.p.A. accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
section "The Representative of the Noteholders". To the best of the knowledge and belief of Banca Finint 
S.p.A., which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is true and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by, or on behalf of, the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Quotaholder, IBL 
– Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. (in any capacity) or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale or allotment made in 
connection with the offering of any of the Notes shall, under any circumstances, constitute a 
representation or imply that there has not been any change or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or IBL – Istituto Bancario 
del Lavoro S.p.A. or the information contained herein since the date hereof, or that the information 
contained herein is correct as at any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes of any Series constitute direct limited recourse obligations solely of the Issuer.  
By virtue of the operation of article 3 of the Securitisation Law, the Programme Documents and each 
Series Document, with reference to each Transaction, the Issuer's right, title and interest in and to the 
relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer under each such Transaction and the other Issuer's Series 
Segregated Assets will be segregated from all other assets of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any other Portfolio purchased in the context of the Programme). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving 
therefrom (to the extent identifiable) will be exclusively available, both prior to and following a winding up 
of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series, to the Other 
Issuer Creditors of the relevant Transaction and to any other creditors of the Issuer in the context of such 
Transaction in respect of any costs, fees and expenses in relation to the relevant Transaction, in priority 
to the Issuer's obligations to any other creditors. . With reference to each Transaction, the relevant 
Noteholders, by virtue of holding the Notes, will agree that the Series Available Funds will be applied by 
the Issuer in accordance with the relevant priority of payments as outlined in Condition 6 (Priority of 
Payments).The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus (or any part 
of it) comes are required by the Issuer and the relevant Subscriber(s) to inform themselves about, and to 
observe, any such restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any part of it constitutes an offer, or may 
be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Notes, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the 
Notes, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
or any other state securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or for the benefit of U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
The Issuer will not be required to register as an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). The Issuer is being structured so 
as not to constitute a “covered fund” for purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
of the Dodd-Frank Act (such statutory provision together with such implementing regulations, the 
“Volcker Rule”). In this respect, however, please see also paragraph entitled "Volcker Rule may restrict 
the ability of relevant individual prospective purchaser to invest in the Notes" of the section entitled "Risk 
Factors". 
Each Transaction was not and will not be designed to comply with the final rules promulgated under 
Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and implemented from time to time 
(the “U.S. Risk Retention Rules”), and no steps have been taken by the Issuer or the Co-Arrangers or 
any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish such compliance, but rather it is intended to rely on 
the safe harbor exemption for certain non-U.S. transactions set forth in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. In 
this respect, however, please see also paragraph entitled "The Originator intends to rely on an exemption 
from U.S. Risk Retention" of the section entitled "Risk Factors". 
The Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any final 
terms, other offering circular, form of application, advertisement, other offering material or other 
information relating to the Issuer or the Notes may be issued, distributed or published in any country or 
jurisdiction (including the Republic of Italy, the United Kingdom and the United States), except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations. For a 
further description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus see the section entitled "Subscription, Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been subject 
to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Italy" are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and 
regulations are to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to "billions" are to thousands of 
millions. 
SUITABILITY – The Notes are sophisticated financial instruments which can involve a significant degree 
of risk. Prospective investors in any Class of the Notes of any Series should ensure that they understand 
the nature of such Notes and the extent of their exposure to the relevant risks. Such prospective investors 
should also ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to professional advice to 
make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in 
any Class of Notes and that they consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment in light of their 
own circumstances and financial condition. 
In particular, investment in the Notes is only suitable for investors who: 
(i) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate such 
merits and risks of an investment in the Notes; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of their financial situation;  
(iii) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes; and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Notes for a substantial period of time, if at 
all. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should make their own independent decision whether to invest in the 
Notes and whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate or proper for them, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such advisers as they may deem necessary. 
PRIIPs / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, none of 
the Issuer, IBL Banca (in any capacity), the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other Transaction 
Parties has prepared, or will prepare, a "key information document" required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS / UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and ECPs only Target Market – Solely for the 
purpose of each manufacturer’s product approval process (i) the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes of each Series will be eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
MIFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes of each Series to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients will be appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
BENCHMARK REGULATION (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) - Amounts payable in relation to the Notes 
which bear a Floating Interest Rate will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), included on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). The BMR could have

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
a material impact on the Notes, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
STS-SECURITISATION (Regulation (EU) 2402/2017) - Each Transaction under the Programme is 
intended to be qualified as a STS-securitisation within the meaning of article 18 of Regulation (EU) no. 
2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general 
framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised 
securitisation, and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations 
(EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012 and its relevant technical standards (the “EU Securitisation 
Regulation”). Consequently, each Transaction carried out under the Programme meeting the 
requirements of articles 19 to 22 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, will be notified on or about the 
relevant Issue Date by the Originator, to be included in the list published by ESMA referred to in article 
27(5) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The Originator will use the service of Prime Collateralised 
Securities EU SAS (“PCS”), as a third party verifying STS compliance, authorised under article 28 of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation in connection with the STS Verification and the CRR Assessment . It is 
expected that the STS Verification and the CRR Assessment prepared by PCS will be available on the 
PCS website (https://pcsmarket.org/sts-verification-transactions/) together with a detailed explanation of 
its scope at https://pcsmarket.org/disclaimer/. For the avoidance of doubt, such PCS website and the 
contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be provided that each 
Transaction will or will continue to qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU Securitisation 
Regulation on the relevant Issue Date or at any point in time in the future.  
 
None of the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers, the Representative of the 
Noteholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents makes any representation or accepts any 
liability for the relevant Transaction to qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU Securitisation 
Regulation on the relevant Issue Date or at any point in time in the future. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that as at the date of this Base Prospectus the Notes are not expected to satisfy the requirements 
stemming from article 13 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 (the 
“LCR Delegated Regulation”). 
  
Please refer to the sections entitled “Compliance with STS Requirements” and “Regulatory Disclosure 
and Retention Undertaking” for further information.  
Capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus shall, except so far as the context otherwise 
requires or otherwise specified herein, have the meanings set out in the section entitled “Glossary”. 
 
EURO SYSTEM ELIGIBILITY - The Class A Notes are intended to be issued in a manner which will allow 
for participation in the Eurosystem liquidity scheme. However, there is no guarantee and neither the 
Issuer nor each Co-Arranger, the Subscribers or the Originator nor any other person take responsibility 
for the Class A Notes being recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the Class A Notes satisfying the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (as amended 
from time to time). In this respect, it should be noted that in accordance with their policies, neither the 
ECB nor the central banks of the Eurozone will confirm the eligibility of the Class A Notes for the above 
purpose prior to their issuance or to their rating and listing and if the Class A Notes are accepted for such 
purpose, the relevant central bank may amend or withdraw any such approval in relation to the Class A 
Notes at any time. The assessment and/or decision as to whether the Class A Notes qualify as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rests with the relevant central 
bank. None of the Issuer, the Originator, any of the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to 
the Transaction Documents gives any representation or warranty as to the eligibility of the Class A Notes 
for such purpose, nor do they accept any obligation or liability in relation to such eligibility or lack of it of 
the Class A Notes at any time.  
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an 
investment in the Notes, see the section headed “Risk Factors”.None of the Issuer, the Originator, the 
Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents gives any representation

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
or warranty as to the eligibility of the Class A Notes for such purpose, nor do they accept any obligation 
or liability in relation to such eligibility or lack of it of the Class A Notes at any time. 
 
CHANGE OF LAW - The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of any Series of Notes and 
the ratings assigned (and which will be assigned) to the Rated Notes are based on Italian law, tax and 
administrative practice in effect at the date hereof, having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all 
relevant entities under such law and practice. No assurance can be given that Italian law, tax or 
administrative practice will not change after the Issue Date of any Series or that such change will not 
adversely impact the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Notes. 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an 
investment in the Notes, see the section headed “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a Base Prospectus supplement pursuant to article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation relating to prospectuses for securities, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required 
by article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation relating to prospectuses for securities.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
INDEX 
Section                                                                                                                                      Page 
  
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
13 
RISK FACTORS 
50 
TRANSACTION DIAGRAM 
76 
REGULATORY DISCLOSURE AND RETENTION UNDERTAKING 
77 
THE PORTFOLIOS 
80 
THE ORIGINATOR, THE SERVICER, THE CALCULATION AGENT,  THE COLLECTION 
ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH MANAGER, THE PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR AND THE 
CORPORATE SERVICER 
83 
THE MASTER SERVICER 
89 
THE BACK-UP SERVICER AND THE BACK-UP CALCULATION AGENT 
90 
THE TRANSACTION BANK AND ITALIAN PAYING AGENT 
91 
THE INVESTMENT ACCOUNT BANK AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
92 
THE ISSUER 
93 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
96 
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 
97 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
109 
THE ACCOUNTS 
110 
COMPLIANCE WITH STS REQUIREMENTS 
113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
122 
THE TRANSFER AGREEMENT 
135 
THE SERIES CAMPA 
136 
THE SERIES INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 
137 
THE SERIES DEED OF PLEDGE 
138 
THE SERIES SWAP AGREEMENT 
139 
THE SERIES DEED OF CHARGE 
140 
ESTIMATED WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES 
141 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RATED NOTES 
142 
EXHIBIT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RATED NOTES 
200 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
227 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
245 
TAXATION 
261 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
268 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
271 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
276 
GLOSSARY 
277

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
ISSUER 
310

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following information is an overview of certain aspects of the transaction, the parties thereto, the 
assets underlying the Notes and the related documents and does not purport to be complete. Therefore, 
it should be read in conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed 
information presented elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the Transaction Documents. Prospective 
investors should base their decisions on this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
1. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES  
Issuer 
Marzio Finance S.r.l., a società a responsabilità limitata 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant 
to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at Viale 
Parioli 10, 00197 – Rome, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment 
with the companies register of Rome under number 
09840320965, enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo 
held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 4 of the resolution 
of the Bank of Italy dated 7 June 2017 and having as its sole 
corporate object the realisation of securitisation transactions 
under Italian law no. 130 of 30 April 1999 (the "Securitisation 
Law"). 
Originator 
IBL – Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A., a bank incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy as a joint stock 
company (società per azioni), having its registered office at 
Via Venti Settembre 30, Rome, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Rome number 
00452550585, enrolled under number 5578 in the albo delle 
banche held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated 
Banking 
Act"), 
holding 
company 
(capogruppo) of the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL 
Banca" enrolled under number 3263.1 in the albo dei gruppi 
bancari held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act ("IBL Banca"). 
Master Servicer 
IBL Servicing S.p.A., a financial intermediary incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered 
office at Via Venti Settembre 30, 00187 - Rome, tax code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Rome no. 
10218521002, enrolled under No. 27 (codice meccanografico 
33596) of the register of the financial intermediaries held by 
the Bank of Italy, fully-owned by IBL Banca and subsidiary of 
the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL Banca", enrolled 
with the register of the banking groups (albo dei gruppi 
bancari) under no. 3263 pursuant to article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act ("IBL Servicing"). The Master 
Servicer will act as such pursuant to the Programme Servicing 
Agreement. 
Servicer 
IBL Banca. The Servicer will act as such pursuant to the 
Programme Servicing Agreement. 
Back-up Servicer 
Zenith Service S.p.A., a financial intermediary incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy as a joint stock 
company (società per azioni), having its registered office in 
Via Vittorio Betteloni, 2, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milano – Monza –

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Brianza – Lodi, number 02200990980, enrolled in the register 
of financial intermediaries held by the Bank of Italy ABI CODE 
No. 32590.2 ("Zenith"). The Back-up Servicer will act as such 
pursuant to the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement. 
Representative of the 
Noteholders 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter Banca Finint 
S.p.A., a bank incorporated as a joint stock company (societá 
per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of Italy with a sole 
shareholder, having its registered office in Via V. Alfieri, 1, 
31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 
71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the 
companies' register of Treviso-Belluno no. 04040580963, 
VAT Group "Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A." – VAT no. 
04977190265, registered in the banks' register held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act under no. 5580 and in the register of the banking 
group held by the Bank of Italy as parent company of the 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale Banking Group, member of 
the "Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi" and of the 
"Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia"("Banca Finint"). The 
Representative of the Noteholders will act as such pursuant 
to the Series Subscription Agreement, the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Series Intercreditor Agreement 
and the Conditions (together with the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Calculation Agent 
IBL Banca. The Calculation Agent will act as such pursuant to 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Back-up Calculation 
Agent 
Zenith. The Back-up Calculation Agent will act as such 
pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Collection Account Bank 
IBL Banca. The Collection Account Bank will act as such 
pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Cash Manager 
IBL Banca. The Cash Manager will act as such pursuant to 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Transaction Bank 
CITIBANK N.A., Milan Branch, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of United States of America, having its registered office 
at 701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, 
U.S.A., acting through its Milan branch, enrolment in the 
companies’ register of Milano – Monza – Brianza – Lodi, 
number 600769, registered with the register of banking 
groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the 
Banking Act under number 4630, having its registered office 
at Piazzetta Bossi, 3 / 20121 Milan, Italy ("Citi Milan"). The 
Transaction Bank will act as such pursuant to the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and 
each Series CAMPA.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Investment Account Bank 
CITIBANK N.A., London Branch, a bank incorporated under 
the laws of United States of America, acting through its 
London branch, registered in the United Kingdom under 
number BR001018, having its registered office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom. ("Citi London"). The Investment Account 
Bank will act as such pursuant to the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each 
relevant Series CAMPA. 
Programme Administrator 
IBL Banca. The Programme Administrator will act as such 
pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent 
Citi London. The Principal Paying Agent will act as such 
pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Italian Paying Agent 
Citi Milan. The Italian Paying Agent will act as such pursuant 
to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg société anonyme, a 
bank incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 69, route d'Esch, 
L-2953 Luxembourg, RCS Luxembourg B-6307, fiscal code 
and enrolment with the companies register of Luxembourg 
number B 6307 ("BIL"). The Listing Agent will act as such 
pursuant to the Listing Agent Fee Letter entered into between 
the Issuer and BIL, pursuant to the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each 
Series CAMPA. 
Corporate Servicer 
IBL Banca. The Corporate Servicer will act as such pursuant 
to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Quotaholder 
Special 
Purpose 
Entity 
Management 
S.r.l. 
(the 
"Quotaholder"). 
Subscribers 
In relation to each Transaction, the relevant Subscriber(s) will 
act as such pursuant to the relevant Series Subscription 
Agreement(s). 
Series Swap Counterparty 
Series Swap Counterparty means, with reference to a Series 
of Notes, any of, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, UniCredit Bank AG, Banco Santander S.A., J.P. 
Morgan AG and Société Générale S.A. acting as swap 
counterparty (or swap counterparties) of the Issuer in 
connection with the relevant Series. Each Final Terms will set 
out the name of the Series Swap Counterparty acting as such 
in connection with the relevant Series.  
Rating Agencies 
In respect of any Series, at least two rating agencies will 
assign a rating to the Senior Notes and/or Mezzanine Notes 
of each relevant Series issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme. Each Final Terms will set out the name of the 
Rating Agencies assigning a rating to the Senior Notes and/or 
Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Series.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Each Rating Agency must be established in the European 
Union and be registered on 31 October 2011 in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 
513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 
May 2011 and by Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013 (the 
"CRA Regulation") and be included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (currently located at the following website 
address 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs (the "ESMA Website")). 
 
Retention holder and 
retention requirements 
IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, shall act as retention 
holder for the purposes of satisfying the retention 
requirements under article 6 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and its relevant implementing provisions. The 
Originator does not intend to retain at least 5 per cent. of the 
credit risk of the Issuer for the purposes of the Credit Risk 
Retention 
regulations 
implemented 
by 
U.S. 
Federal 
regulatory agencies including the SEC pursuant to Section 
15G of the Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended), as added by 
section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules”), but rather intends to rely on an exemption provided 
for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, regarding 
non-U.S. transactions. Except with the prior written consent of 
the Originator and where such sale falls within the exemption 
provided by Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the 
Notes offered and sold by the Issuer may not be purchased 
by, or for the account or benefit of, any Risk Retention U.S. 
Person.  
 
“EU Securitisation Regulation” means the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
together with the relevant technical standards each as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time.  
 
2. 
THE PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES 
The Programme 
The issuance of the Notes will be made by the Issuer in the 
context of a programme for the purchase of the Receivables 
originated by IBL Banca, established in accordance with the 
Securitisation 
Law 
(the 
"Programme"). 
Under 
the 
Programme, the Issuer may issue different Series of Notes  to 
finance the purchase of each Portfolio of Receivables from IBL 
Banca pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement, up to the 
Programme Amount. 
Programme Amount 
Up to €10,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme outstanding at any 
time.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Programme Purchase 
Termination 
The Programme will terminate on the earlier of (i) December 
2050, (ii) the date on which all the Notes outstanding under 
the Programme have been redeemed in full or cancelled, and 
(iii) the date of delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice (the "Programme Maturity Date").  
After the Programme Maturity Date, the Issuer will not be 
entitled to make any further purchase of additional Portfolios 
of Receivables and to make any further issue of Series of 
Notes under the Programme. 
Transaction 
Under the Programme and up to the Programme Maturity 
Date, separate transactions will be carried out through, inter 
alia, (i) the sale of a single Portfolio of Receivables from the 
Originator to the Issuer under the relevant Transfer Agreement 
entered into pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, and (ii) the purchase of such Portfolio 
of Receivables to be funded by the Issuer through the issue of 
a single Series of Notes under the Programme (the 
"Transactions" and, each, a "Transaction"). 
Issuance in Series 
The Notes will be issued in different single series (each a 
"Series").  
Notes of different Series may have, inter alia, different maturity 
dates, as set out in the applicable Final Terms for such Series.  
Each Series of Notes will be secured exclusively by the 
Portfolio of Receivables (and the Collections deriving 
therefrom) originated by IBL Banca and purchased by the 
Issuer from IBL Banca pursuant to the relevant Transfer 
Agreement and financed by the Issuer through the issue of 
such Series of Notes. There will be no cross-collateralisation 
amongst different Series of Notes and different Portfolios.  
Classes of Notes 
Each Series may consist of (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for such Series):  
(i) 
class A limited recourse asset-backed notes (the 
"Class A Notes" or the "Senior Notes"); 
(ii) 
class B limited recourse asset-backed notes (the 
"Class B Notes" or the "Mezzanine Notes", and 
together with the Senior Notes, the "Rated Notes"); 
and 
(iii) 
class J limited recourse asset-backed notes (the 
"Class J Notes" or the "Junior Notes" and, together 
with the Rated Notes, the "Notes"). 
Further issues 
Up to the Programme Amount and prior to the Programme 
Maturity Date, the Issuer may issue Series of Notes without 
the prior consent of the holders of any outstanding Notes but 
subject to certain conditions as set out in the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement. It is a condition precedent to the 
issuance of a new Series of Notes that no Programme 
Purchase Termination Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Subject to the conditions for the issue of a new Series of Notes 
under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time create 
and issue further Series of Notes having substantially the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes of any existing Series 
(except for, inter alia, the issue price, the first interest payment 
date, the nominal amount, the interest rate and the maturity 
date). The Issuer will inform the Noteholders of the other 
Series of Notes of any new issue of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
Final Terms 
Each issue of a Series of Notes will be the subject of Final 
Terms which, for the purposes of such Series of Notes only, 
complete the Conditions and must be read in conjunction with 
this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular issue of Series of Notes are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Notes of each Series may be issued at any price as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
Interest on the Notes 
The Rated Notes of each Series will bear interest on their 
Principal Amount Outstanding from and including the relevant 
Series Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
at the rate set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such Series. 
The Junior Notes of each Series will have a remuneration 
equal to the Variable Return, if any (as defined in the Junior 
Notes Conditions). 
Interest in respect of the Notes will accrue on a daily basis and 
will be payable in arrears in Euro on each relevant Payment 
Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The first 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes of any Series will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Series. 
Junior Notes Conditions 
Except for the Junior Notes Conditions relating to the 
interest/return payable on the Junior Notes, the denomination 
and the early redemption of the Junior Notes through the 
disposal of the Portfolio following full redemption of the Rated 
Notes, the terms and conditions of the Class J Notes are the 
same, mutatis mutandis, as the Rated Notes Conditions. 
Form and denomination 
The denomination of the Rated Notes of each Series will be 
€100,000 and integral multiples thereafter, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The denomination of the Junior Notes 
of each Series will be €1,000.  
The Notes of each Series will be issued in bearer form and 
held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, 
until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The 
Notes of each Series will be accepted for clearance by Monte 
Titoli with effect from the relevant Issue Date. The Notes of 
each Series will at all times be in book entry form and title to 
the Notes will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with 
the provision of article 83-bis of the Financial Laws 
Consolidation Act and the regulation issued jointly by the Bank

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018 and published on 
the Official Gazzette number 201 of 30 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Notes of any Series. 
Ranking, status and 
subordination 
In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme:  
- 
the Senior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu 
and pro-rata without any preference or priority among 
themselves for all purposes, but in priority to the 
Mezzanine Notes (if any) and the Junior Notes of such 
Series; 
- 
the Mezzanine Notes of such Series (if any) will rank 
pari passu and pro-rata without any preference or 
priority among themselves for all purposes, but 
subordinated to the Senior Notes of such Series and 
in priority to the Junior Notes of such Series; 
- 
the Junior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu 
and pro-rata without any preference or priority among 
themselves for all purposes, but subordinated to the 
Senior Notes and the Mezzanine Notes (if any) of such 
Series, 
it being understood that payments of interest and principal on 
the Notes of any Series will be funded exclusively through the 
relevant Series Available Funds and in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments and further provided that for 
so long as there are Class A Notes outstanding, following the 
occurrence of a Class B Notes Series Performance Trigger, 
interest accruing on the Class B Notes will be subordinated to 
the payment of principal on the Class A Notes in accordance 
with Condition 6.3 (Class B Notes Series Performance 
Triggers) and the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments, 
subject to the availability of the relevant Series Available 
Funds. 
The obligations of the Issuer to each Noteholder of any Series 
as well as to each of the Other Issuer Creditors under each 
relevant Transaction will be limited recourse obligations solely 
of the Issuer. Each Noteholder of any Series and relevant 
Other Issuer Creditor will have a claim against the Issuer only 
to the extent of the relevant Series Available Funds net of any 
claims ranking in priority to or pari passu with such claims in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. The 
Conditions and the Programme Intercreditor Agreement will 
set out the order of priority of application of the Series 
Available Funds. 
Withholding on the Notes 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest, 
Variable Return and other proceeds under the Notes of any 
Series may be subject to a Decree 239 Deduction. Upon the 
occurrence of any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of tax from any payments under the Notes of any such Series, 
neither the Issuer nor any other person shall have any

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
obligation to pay any additional amount(s) to any holder of the 
Notes of such Series. Subject to the completion of certain 
requirements 
and 
procedures, 
non-Italian 
institutional 
investors established in States allowing for an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authority (as 
currently listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time 
pursuant to article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239) are generally 
entitled to receive interest, premium and any difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price under the 
Notes free from Decree 239 Deduction. 
Mandatory Redemption 
The Notes of each Series will be subject to mandatory 
redemption in full (or in part pro rata) on the relevant first 
Payment Date – as specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
such Series – and on each Payment Date thereafter in 
accordance with the Conditions, in each case if on such dates 
there are sufficient Series Available Funds which may be 
applied for this purpose in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments. 
Optional redemption 
Provided that no Transaction Acceleration Notice or 
Programme Purchase Termination Notice has been served on 
the Issuer, on any relevant Payment Date falling on or after 
the relevant Clean Up Option Date, the Issuer may redeem, in 
respect of such Series, the Rated Notes (in whole but not in 
part) and the Junior Notes (in whole but not in part) at their 
Principal Amount Outstanding (plus any accrued but unpaid 
interest thereon), in accordance with the Post Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, subject to the Issuer: 
(i) 
giving not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days' 
notice to the Representative of the Noteholders and to 
the Noteholders of its intention to redeem the Notes of 
such Series; and 
(ii) 
delivering, prior to the notice referred to in paragraph (i) 
above being given, to the Representative of the 
Noteholders a certificate duly signed by the Issuer to 
the effect that it will have the necessary funds (free and 
clear of any Security Interest of any third party) on such 
Payment Date to discharge all of its outstanding 
liabilities in respect of the Rated Notes and any other 
payment in priority to or pari passu with the Rated 
Notes in accordance with the Post Enforcement Priority 
of Payments and all its outstanding liabilities in respect 
of the Junior Notes and any other payment ranking 
higher or pari passu therewith in accordance with the 
Post Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
"Clean Up Option Date" means, in respect of any Portfolio 
purchased through the issuance of a Series of Notes under a 
Transaction, any date in which the Outstanding Principal Due 
of such Portfolio is equal to or lower than 10% of the 
Outstanding Principal Due as of the relevant Valuation Date.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Optional Redemption in 
whole for taxation 
reasons 
Provided that no Transaction Acceleration Notice or 
Programme Purchase Termination Notice has been served on 
the Issuer, upon the imposition, at any time, of: 
(i) 
(a) any Tax Deduction in respect of any payment to be 
made by the Issuer (other than in respect of a Decree 
239 Deduction) and/or (b) any withholding or 
deduction pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any 
regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof ("FATCA Withholding Tax"), 
or 
(ii) 
a changes in the Tax law of Italy (or in the application 
or official interpretation of such law) which would 
cause the total amount payable in respect of the 
Portfolio to cease to be receivable by the Issuer 
(including as a result of any of the Debtors being 
obliged to make a Tax Deduction in respect of any 
payment in relation to any Receivable). 
and provided that the Issuer has provided to the 
Representative of the Noteholders: 
(a) 
a certificate signed by the Issuer to the effect that the 
obligation to make a Tax Deduction or the imposition 
resulting in the total amount payable in respect of such 
Portfolio ceasing to be receivable by the Issuer cannot 
be avoided by taking measures reasonably available 
to the Issuer and not prejudicial to its interests as a 
whole; and  
(b) 
a certificate signed by the Issuer confirming that the 
Issuer will, on the relevant Payment Date, have the 
funds not subject to the interests of any other person 
required to redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes 
of the relevant Series pursuant to the Rated Notes 
Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions and the 
Programme Intercreditor Agreement and any amount 
required to be paid under the Post Enforcement 
Priority of Payments in priority to or pari passu with the 
Notes of such Series, 
the Issuer may, subject to as provided in the Conditions, 
redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes of all Series then 
outstanding at their Principal Amount Outstanding together 
with accrued and unpaid interest up to and including the 
relevant Payment Date. 
Final Maturity Date 
The Final Maturity Date for the Notes of each Series will be 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless previously redeemed in full, the Notes of each Series 
are due to be repaid in full at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date. The Notes of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
any Series, to the extent not redeemed in full on their relevant 
Final Maturity Date, shall be cancelled. 
Segregation 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
By virtue of the operation of Article 3 of the Securitisation Law, 
the Programme Documents and the Series Documents, with 
reference to each Transaction, the Issuer's rights, title and 
interest in and to the relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer 
under each Transaction, any monetary claim accrued by the 
Issuer in the context of each such Transaction, the relevant 
collections and the financial assets purchased through such 
collections (the "Issuer's Series Segregated Assets") will be 
segregated from all other assets of the Issuer (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any other Portfolio purchased by the 
Issuer in the context of the Programme). Therefore, any cash-
flow deriving therefrom (to the extent identifiable) will be 
exclusively available, both prior to and following a winding up 
of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series, to the Other Issuer 
Creditors of the relevant Transaction and to any other creditor 
of the Issuer in respect of any costs, fees and expenses in 
relation to the relevant Transaction.  
The Issuer's Series Segregated Assets in respect of each 
Transaction may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Issuer (including for the avoidance of doubts, 
noteholders and the Issuer's other creditors in respect of the 
other Transaction carried out by the Issuer under the 
Programme) other than the Noteholders of the relevant 
Transaction, until full discharge by the Issuer of its payment 
obligations under the relevant Series of Notes or cancellation 
thereof. Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Intercreditor 
Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the Issuer has 
empowered the Representative of the Noteholders, following 
the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice or upon 
failure by the Issuer to promptly exercise its rights under the 
Transaction Documents, to exercise all the Issuer's Rights, 
powers and discretion under such Transaction Documents 
taking such action in the name and on behalf of the Issuer as 
the Representative of the Noteholders may deem necessary 
to protect the interests of the Issuer, the Noteholders of the 
relevant Series of Notes and the Other Issuer Creditors in 
respect of the Portfolio and the Issuer's Rights. Italian law 
governs the delegation of such power. 
In addition, in respect of each Transaction, security over 
certain monetary rights of the Issuer arising out of the Series 
Documents will be granted by the Issuer in favour of the 
Representative of the Noteholders pursuant to the Series 
Deed of Pledge and the Series Deed of Charge (if any) for the 
benefit of the Noteholders of the relevant Series and the Other 
Issuer Creditors.  
Transaction Acceleration 
Events 
 
If any of the following events (each, a "Transaction 
Acceleration Event") occurs in respect of each Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme: 
(i) 
Non-payment of principal:

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of 
principal on the relevant Final Maturity Date, as due 
and payable on the Most Senior Class of Notes of such 
Series then outstanding, and such default is not 
remedied within a period of five Business Days from the 
due date thereof; or 
(ii) 
Non-payment of interest: 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of 
interest on a Payment Date, as due and payable  on the 
Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then 
outstanding, and such default is not remedied within a 
period of five Business Days from the due date thereof; 
or 
(iii) 
Programme Purchase Termination Event: Insolvency 
of the Issuer and Unlawfulness 
A Programme Purchase Termination Event under 
Condition 12.5.1 (Insolvency of the Issuer) or 12.5.2 
(Unlawfulness) has occurred and the Representative of 
the Noteholders and/or the Programme Administrator 
has delivered a Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice, 
then the Representative of the Noteholders shall, in each case 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured in satisfaction, 
serve a Transaction Acceleration Notice on the Issuer 
declaring the Notes of such Series to be due and repayable, 
whereupon they shall become so due and repayable, following 
which all payments of principal and interest due in respect of 
such Notes shall be made according to the Post Enforcement 
Priority of Payments and on such dates as the Representative 
of the Noteholders may determine. 
Following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, 
the Issuer may (subject to the consent of the Representative 
of the Noteholders), or the Representative of the Noteholders 
may (or shall if so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series 
then outstanding) direct the Issuer to, dispose of the Portfolio 
under the relevant Transaction, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
The occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event in relation 
to the Notes of one or more Series (other than the Transaction 
Acceleration Event under (iii) above) shall not constitute per 
se the occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event in 
relation to the Notes of all Series then outstanding under the 
Programme. 
Programme 
Purchase 
Termination Event 
If any of the following events (each, a "Programme Purchase 
Termination Event") occurs in respect of the Programme:

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
(i) 
Insolvency of the Issuer: 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; 
or 
(ii) 
Unlawfulness: 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of 
the Notes of any Series or any of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party; 
(iii) 
Insolvency of the Originator: 
(A) 
30 days have elapsed since an application is 
made 
for 
the 
commencement 
of 
an 
amministrazione straordinaria or liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa or a resolution tool 
(misura di risoluzione) pursuant to article 20 of 
Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 
2015 or any other applicable bankruptcy 
proceedings against the Originator in any 
jurisdiction and such application has not been 
rejected by the relevant court nor has it been 
withdrawn by the relevant applicant (unless a 
legal opinion or other adequate comfort is 
obtained by the Originator and is delivered to 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
confirming that such application is manifestly 
without grounds), provided that during the 
period comprised between the date of such 
application and thirty days thereafter, no sale 
of a Portfolio to the Issuer under the 
Programme pursuant to the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement will be 
permitted; or 
(B) 
the Originator becomes subject to any 
amministrazione straordinaria, liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa or a resolution tool 
(misura di risoluzione) pursuant to article 20 of 
Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 
2015 or any other applicable bankruptcy 
proceedings in any jurisdiction or the whole or 
any substantial part of the assets of the 
Originator are subject to a pignoramento or 
similar procedure having a similar effect; or 
(iv) 
Winding up of the Originator: 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the winding up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of 
the Originator; 
(v) 
Termination of IBL Banca's appointment as Servicer 
the Issuer has terminated the appointment of IBL 
Banca as Servicer following the occurrence of a

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Servicer's Termination Event set forth in Clause 4 of the 
Programme Servicing Agreement, except for the 
Servicer Termination Event set forth in Clause 4.1.5 of 
the Programme Servicing Agreement, 
then the Programme Administrator and/or the Representative 
of the Noteholders shall serve a Programme Purchase 
Termination Notice on the Issuer. 
Upon the service of a Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice, the Issuer shall refrain from purchasing any additional 
Portfolio and from making any further issue of Series of Notes 
under the Programme. 
Non petition 
Only the Representative of the Noteholders may pursue the 
remedies available under the general law or under the 
Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Obligations 
or enforce the Security and no Noteholder of any Series shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer to obtain 
payment of the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising 
under the Notes of the relevant Series and the relevant Series 
Documents or to enforce the security created pursuant to each 
Series Deed of Pledge and/or Series Deed of Charge (if any). 
In particular, in respect of any Series: 
(i) 
no Noteholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders, 
where 
appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by 
the relevant Transaction Documents, to direct the 
Representative of the Noteholders to enforce the 
security created pursuant to the relevant Series Deed 
of Pledge or the Series Deed of Charge (if any) or take 
any proceedings against the Issuer to enforce such 
security; 
(ii) 
no Noteholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than 
the Representative of the Noteholders) shall, save as 
expressly permitted by the relevant Series Documents, 
have the right to take or join any person in taking any 
steps against the Issuer for the purpose of obtaining 
payment of any amount due from the Issuer; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the 
date on which the Notes of all Series issued under the 
Programme have been redeemed in full or cancelled in 
accordance with their terms and conditions, no 
Noteholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the 
Representative of the Noteholders when so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of all 
Series 
then 
outstanding 
and 
only 
if 
the 
representative(s) of the noteholders of all other 
securitisations undertaken by the Issuer, if any, have 
been so directed by the appropriate resolutions of their 
respective noteholders in accordance with the relevant 
transaction documents) shall initiate or join any person 
in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Issuer; 
and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
(iv) 
no Noteholder shall be entitled to take or join in the 
taking of any corporate action, legal proceedings or 
other procedure or step which would result in the 
Priority of Payments not being complied with. 
Limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the relevant Series 
Documents and the Programme Documents, all obligations of 
the Issuer to the Noteholders of any Series are limited in 
recourse as set out below: 
(i) 
each Noteholder will have a claim only in respect of the 
relevant Series Available Funds and at all times only in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
and will not have any claim, by operation of law or 
otherwise, against, or recourse to, (a) the Issuer's other 
assets or its contributed capital, and (b) the Portfolio 
purchased under any other Transaction and the Series 
Available Funds of such Transaction; 
(ii) 
sums payable to each Noteholder in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations to such Noteholder shall be limited 
to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of all sums 
due and payable to such Noteholder; and (b) the 
relevant Series Available Funds, net of any sums which 
are payable by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments in priority to or pari passu with 
sums payable to such Noteholder; and 
(iii) 
if the Servicer has certified to the Programme 
Administrator 
and 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders that there is no reasonable likelihood of 
there being any further realisations in respect of the 
Issuer’s Segregated Assets of the relevant Transaction 
or the security created pursuant to the relevant Series 
Deed of Pledge or the Series Deed of Charge (if any) 
(whether 
arising 
from 
judicial 
enforcement 
proceedings, enforcement of the security or otherwise) 
which would be available to pay unpaid amounts 
outstanding under the relevant Series Documents and 
the Programme Administrator or the Representative of 
the Noteholders has given notice on the basis of such 
certificate in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms that there is no reasonable 
likelihood of there being any further realisations in 
respect of such Issuer’s Segregated Assets or the 
security created pursuant to the relevant Series Deed 
of Pledge or the Series Deed of Charge (if any) 
(whether 
arising 
from 
judicial 
enforcement 
proceedings, enforcement of the security or otherwise) 
which would be available to pay amounts outstanding 
under such Series Documents, the Noteholders shall 
have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any such unpaid amounts and such unpaid amounts 
shall be cancelled and deemed to be discharged in full. 
The Organisation of the 
Noteholders and the 
The Organisation of the Noteholders shall be established upon 
and by virtue of each issuance of a Series of Notes and shall

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Representative of the 
Noteholders 
remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or 
cancellation of such Series. 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders 
(attached to the Conditions of the Notes), for as long as any 
Note of any Series is outstanding, there shall at all times be a 
Representative of the Noteholders in respect of any such 
Series. The appointment of the Representative of the 
Noteholders, as legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Noteholders, is made by the Noteholders subject to and in 
accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Noteholders, except for the initial Representative of the 
Noteholders appointed at the time of establishment of the 
Programme in respect of all Series of Notes to be issued 
thereunder, who is appointed by the relevant Subscriber(s) 
under the relevant Series Subscription Agreement. Each 
Noteholder of any Series is deemed to accept such 
appointment. 
Selling restrictions of the 
Notes 
The Notes will be subject to certain selling restrictions, as set 
out in the Series Subscription Agreement. In particular, the 
Notes: (a) may not be offered or sold within the United States, 
subject to certain exceptions; and (b) may be sold in other 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy and other Member 
States of the European Economic Area) only in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made to the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") for the 
approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. Application has 
also been made for the Rated Notes of each Series issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
No application has been made to list the Junior Notes on any 
stock exchange.  
Rating 
The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any) of each 
Series will have a rating assigned by at least two Rating 
Agencies, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
No rating shall be assigned to the Junior Notes of any Series. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by each Rating 
Agency.  
STS-Securitisation 
Each Transaction under the Programme is intended to be 
qualified as a simple, transparent and standardised (“STS”) 
securitisation within the meaning of article 18 of Regulation 
(EU) no. 2402 of 12 December 2017 (the “EU Securitisation 
Regulation”). Consequently, each Transaction under the 
Programme, is expected to meet, as at the relevant Issue 
Date, the requirements of articles 19 to 22 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and to be notified to ESMA by the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Originator so as to be included in the list published by ESMA 
referred to in article 27, paragraph 5, of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. The STS notification will be available for download 
on the website of ESMA. ESMA has, in accordance with 
Articles 27(6) and (7) of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
developed and published on 16 July 2018 a final draft 
regulatory technical standard specifying the information that 
the originators, sponsors and SSPEs are required to provide 
in order to comply with their STS notification requirements. As 
of the date hereof, such regulatory technical standard still has 
to be adopted by the European Commission. ESMA is obliged 
to maintain on its website a list of all securitisations which the 
originators and sponsors have notified as meeting the STS 
requirements in accordance with Article 27(5) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. For this purpose, ESMA has set up 
a 
register 
on 
an 
interim 
basis 
under 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/policy-
activities/securitisation/simple-transparent-and-standardised-
sts-securitisation. According to ESMA, a more established 
register is to be launched in due course and placed on the 
dedicated 
section 
of 
its 
website 
under 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/. The Originator 
will use the service of PCS as a third party verifying STS 
compliance, authorised under article 28 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation in connection with the STS 
Verification, the CRR Assessment. It is expected that the STS 
Verification and the CRR Assessment prepared by PCS will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
PCS 
website 
(https://www.pcsmarket.org/sts- 
verification-transactions/) 
together with a detailed explanation of its scope at 
https://www.pcsmarket.org/disclaimer. For the avoidance of 
doubt, such PCS website and the contents thereof do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be provided 
that each Transaction under the Programme will continue 
to qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU 
Securitisation Regulation at any point in time in the 
future. None of the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, 
the Subscribers, the Representative of the Noteholders, or any 
other party to the Transaction Documents makes any 
representation or accepts any liability for each Transaction 
under the Programme to qualify as an STS-Securitisation 
under the EU Securitisation Regulation at any point in time in 
the future. Furthermore, it should be noted that as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus the Notes are not expected to satisfy 
the requirements stemming from article 13 of the LCR 
Delegated Regulation. 
 
 
Euro-system eligibility: 
form and settlement 
systems of the Class A 
Notes  
 
The Class A Notes of each Series are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Euro-system eligibility pursuant to 
and for the purposes of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the 
European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 (the 
“Guideline”). This means that the Class A Notes are intended 
upon issue to be held in dematerialized form, settled and 
evidenced as book entries with Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte 
Titoli”) - acting as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream - 
that constitutes a securities settlement system (“SSS”) which 
has been positively assessed as eligible pursuant to the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Eurosystem User Assessment Framework. However, this 
does not necessarily mean that the Class A Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for the purposes of the 
Guideline by the Euro-system either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of all the Euro-system eligibility criteria provided 
for by the Guideline. It is expected that the Mezzanine Notes 
and the Junior Notes will not satisfy the Euro-system eligibility 
criteria provided for by the Guideline.  
 
Governing Law 
The Notes of all Series will be governed by Italian Law. 
Material 
Net 
Economic 
Interest 
in 
the 
Securitisation 
Under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, 
the Originator has undertaken to the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Noteholders that it will retain on the 
relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes and maintain on 
an on-going basis at least 5 per cent. of net economic interest 
in accordance with the Retention and Transparency Rules. 
3. 
SERIES AVAILABLE FUNDS AND PRIORITIES OF PAYMENTS 
Series Available Funds 
The Series Available Funds in respect of each Transaction will 
be constituted, in respect of any relevant Payment Date of the 
relevant Series of Notes, by the aggregate of: 
 
(i) 
all Collections and Recoveries collected by the Master 
Servicer and/or the Servicer in respect of the 
Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio during 
the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
 
(ii) 
all amounts received by the Issuer from the Originator 
pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement and 
the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection 
Period; 
 
(iii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Payments 
Account on the immediately preceding Payment Date 
after application of the relevant Priority of Payments on 
that Payment Date; 
 
(iv) 
any revenues and other amounts matured or deriving 
from the realisation, liquidation and any other proceeds 
on maturity of any Eligible Investments (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, interest, premium or any other 
amount representing its yield) and credited to the 
relevant Payments Account not later than 2 (two) 
Business Days prior to such Payment Date; 
 
(v) 
any net amount due and paid to the Issuer by the 
relevant Series Swap Counterparty under the relevant 
Series Swap Agreement on such Payment Date (if any) 
other than any Collateral Amounts, any termination 
payment required to be made under such Series Swap

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Agreement, any collateral payable or transferable (as 
the case may be) under such Series Swap Agreement, 
which will not be available to the Issuer to make 
payments to its creditors generally, but may only be 
applied in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Cash 
Allocation, 
Management 
and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA 
in respect of the Collateral Account; 
(vi) 
all amounts (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Series Available Funds) of 
interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if 
due) and paid on the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts, 
other than the relevant Expenses Account, during the 
immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
 
(vii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale (in whole or in 
part), if any, of the relevant Portfolio and/or of other 
components of the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated 
Assets, in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Series Documents; 
 
(viii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of 
individual Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series 
Documents during the immediately preceding relevant 
Collection Period; 
 
(ix) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Series Available Funds) 
received by the Issuer from any party to the relevant 
Series Documents during the immediately preceding 
relevant Collection Period; 
 
(x) 
the relevant Additional Reserve Amount transferred 
from the relevant Additional Reserve Account to the 
relevant Payments Account on or prior to such 
Payment Date; 
 
(xi) 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve Amount transferred from 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account to the relevant 
Payments Account on or prior to such Payment Date; 
and  
 
(xii) 
the Management Fee Prepayment Amount (if any) 
transferred from the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Account to the relevant Payments Account on 
or prior to such Payment Date. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, following the delivery of a 
Transaction Acceleration Notice, the Series Available Funds, 
in respect of any Payment Date, shall also comprise any other 
amount standing to the credit of the relevant Series Issuer’s

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Accounts as at the immediately preceding relevant 
Calculation Date.  
 
 
Payment of the 
Management Fee 
Reserve Released 
Amount 
In respect of each Transaction, the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Released Amount (if any) will be paid by the Issuer 
to the Originator on the Payment Date immediately following 
the relevant Servicer's Report Date without applying the 
Priority of Payments, in all circumstances in accordance with 
the relevant Series Documents. 
Repayment 
of 
the 
Amounts Not Pertaining 
to the Transaction 
In respect of each Transaction, the Amounts Not Pertaining to 
the Transaction (if any): (i) will be determined and notified to 
the Issuer by the Servicer; (ii) will be paid to the Originator 
(also by way of set-off) within 2 Business Days from the 
notification under (i) above pursuant to the Programme 
Servicing Agreement; and (iii) will be set out in each Servicer’s 
Report, with respect to the immediately preceding relevant 
Collection Period. 
Principal Payment 
Amount 
In respect of each Series of Notes, on any relevant Payment 
Date starting from the first Payment Date of such Series (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Class A Notes 
and the Class B Notes (if any), and upon repayment in full of 
the Rated Notes for the Class J Notes, the Issuer will pay an 
amount equal to the relevant Notes Formula Redemption 
Amount. 
"Aggregate Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, 
with reference to each Series of Notes, in respect of any 
Payment Date, an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
A + B +J – CP – (LR + AR) 
where: 
A = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment Date; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment Date; 
J = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment Date; 
CP = the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
LR = the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount calculated with 
reference to the relevant Payment Date; and 
AR = the Additional Reserve Target Amount calculated with 
reference to the relevant Payment Date. 
"Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of any Payment Date on which the Issuer has to make

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
principal payments for the Class A Notes in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
not occurred, an amount equal to the lower of: (a) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment 
Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
occurred, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes. 
"Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of any Payment Date on which the Issuer has to make 
principal payments for the Class B Notes in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
not occurred, an amount equal to the lower of: (a) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment 
Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less the 
Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount for that 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
occurred, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class B Notes. 
"Class J Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, with 
respect to any Payment Date on which the Issuer has to make 
principal payments for the Class J Notes in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
not occurred, an amount equal to the lower of: (a) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on 
the day following the immediately preceding Payment 
Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less (i) the 
Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount and (ii) 
the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount (if 
applicable) for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has 
occurred, the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect 
of the Class J Notes. 
"Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means any of the 
Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount, the Class B 
Notes Formula Redemption Amount and the Class J Notes 
Formula Redemption Amount, as the case may be.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Pre-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments  
In respect of each Transaction, prior to the delivery of a 
Transaction Acceleration Notice or redemption in full of all the 
Notes of the relevant Series pursuant to the Conditions, the 
Series Available Funds shall be applied on each relevant 
Payment Date in making the following payments in the 
following order of priority subject to the provisions of Condition 
6.3 (Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers) (in each 
case, only and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses (to the extent that 
amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such Expenses during 
the immediately preceding relevant Interest Period); 
Second, to pay the remuneration due to the Representative of 
the Noteholders and to pay any indemnity amounts properly 
due to - and any proper costs and expenses incurred by - the 
Representative of the Noteholders under the provisions of, or 
in connection with, any of the relevant Series Documents; 
Third, to credit into the relevant Expenses Account such an 
amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but 
not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable on 
account of remuneration, indemnities or proper costs and 
expenses incurred by the relevant agent on such Payment 
Date to each Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the Master Servicer, the 
Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the relevant Subscriber(s) 
(other than IBL Banca as Subscriber which will be paid in 
accordance with item Fifteenth below) and the Swap 
Counterparties (if any); 
Fifth, to the extent applicable, to pay (i) all amounts for any 
payment due to the Series Swap Counterparty under the 
relevant Series Swap Agreement, and (ii) any amount payable 
by the Issuer as a result of the termination of such Series 
Swap Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination 
Event or Additional Termination Event (as defined under the 
relevant Series Swap Agreement) in respect of which the 
Issuer is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party (as 
defined under the relevant Series Swap Agreement; 
Sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest 
due and payable on the Class A Notes of the relevant Series 
on such Payment Date; 
Seventh, to pay on each Payment Date up to (but excluding) 
the Payment Date following the delivery of a Performance 
Trigger Notice, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
due and payable on the Class B Notes of the relevant Series 
(if any) on such Payment Date; or 
Eighth, until repayment in full of the Rated Notes, to credit into 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account the amount necessary 
to bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess 
of) the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount; 
Ninth, to pay on each Payment Date, pari passu and pro rata, 
the Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Class A Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment 
Date; 
Tenth, until repayment in full of the Rated Notes, to credit into 
the relevant Additional Reserve Account the amount 
necessary to bring the balance of such account up to (but not 
in excess of) the Additional Reserve Target Amount; 
Eleventh, to pay on the Payment Date following the delivery 
of a Performance Trigger Notice and on each Payment Date 
thereafter, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due 
and payable on the Class B Notes of the relevant Series (if 
any) on such Payment Date; 
Twelfth, to the extent applicable, to pay, pari passu and pro 
rata, the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Class B Notes of the relevant Series on such 
Payment Date; 
Thirteenth, to the extent applicable, to pay all amounts 
payable to the Series Swap Counterparty (if any) under the 
relevant Series Swap Agreement as a result of the termination 
of the Series Swap Agreement to the extent not paid in 
accordance with item Fifth above; 
Fourteenth, to pay to the Originator any Adjustment Purchase 
Price and/or any Supplemental Purchase Price pursuant to 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement;  
Fifteenth, to pay to the Originator (also in its capacity as 
Subscriber (if applicable) with respect to any indemnity 
payment payable in accordance with the relevant Series 
Subscription Agreement) any amount due and payable under 
the relevant Series Documents, to the extent not already paid 
or payable under other items of this Priority of Payments; 
Sixteenth, if the Cash Trapping Condition is satisfied, to pay, 
pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of Remuneration due and 
payable on the Class J Notes of the relevant Series on such 
Payment Date, provided that if the Cash Trapping Condition 
is not satisfied, such amount shall not be paid to the Class J 
Noteholders of such Series but shall be credited to the 
relevant Payments Account; 
Seventeenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, to the extent 
that the Rated Notes have been redeemed in full, the Class J

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Notes Formula Redemption Amount in respect of the Class J 
Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment Date; 
Eighteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Additional 
Remuneration (if any) on the Class J Notes of the relevant 
Series. 
Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments  
 
In respect of each Transaction, on each Payment Date 
following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice or 
in the event under Condition 8.3 (Optional Redemption) and 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption for Taxation) (if applicable), the 
Series Available Funds shall be applied in making the 
following payments in the following order of priority (in each 
case, only and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
First, if the relevant Programme Purchase Termination Event 
is not an Insolvency Event, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses 
(to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Expenses Account have been insufficient to pay such 
Expenses during the immediately preceding relevant Interest 
Period); 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof, the remuneration due to the 
Representative of the Noteholders and to pay any indemnity 
amounts properly due under and any proper costs and 
expenses incurred by the Representative of the Noteholders 
under the provisions of, or in connection with, any of the 
relevant Series Documents; 
Third, if the relevant Programme Purchase Termination Event 
is not an Insolvency Event, to credit into the relevant 
Expenses Account such an amount to bring the balance of 
such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention 
Amount; 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable on 
account of remuneration, indemnities or proper costs and 
expenses incurred by the relevant agent on such Payment 
Date to each Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the Master Servicer, the 
Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the relevant Subscriber(s) 
(other than IBL Banca as Subscriber which will be paid in 
accordance with item Twelfth below) and the Swap 
Counterparties (if any); 
Fifth, to the extent applicable, to pay (i) all amounts for any 
payment due to the Series Swap Counterparty under the 
relevant Series Swap Agreement, and (ii) any amount payable 
by the Issuer as a result of the termination of such Series 
Swap Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination 
Event or Additional Termination Event (as defined under the 
relevant Series Swap Agreement) in respect of which the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Issuer is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party (as 
defined under the relevant Series Swap Agreement); 
Sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest 
due and payable on the Class A Notes of the relevant Series 
on such Payment Date; 
Seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts in 
respect of principal outstanding on the Class A Notes of the 
relevant Series; 
Eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest 
due and payable on the Class B Notes of the relevant Series 
(if any) on such Payment Date; 
Ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts in respect 
of principal outstanding on the Class B Notes of the relevant 
Series (if any); 
Tenth, to the extent applicable, to pay all amounts payable to 
the Series Swap Counterparty (if any) under the relevant 
Series Swap Agreement as a result of the termination of the 
Series Swap Agreement to the extent not paid in accordance 
with item Fifth above; 
Eleventh, to pay to the Originator any Adjustment Purchase 
Price and/or any Supplemental Purchase Price pursuant to 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement; 
Twelfth, to pay to the Originator (also in its capacity as 
Subscriber (if applicable) with respect to any indemnity 
payments payable in accordance with the relevant Series 
Subscription Agreement) any amount due and payable under 
the relevant Series Documents, to the extent not already paid 
or payable under other items of this Priority of Payments; 
Thirteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of 
Remuneration due and payable on the Class J Notes of the 
relevant Series on such Payment Date, provided that if the 
Cash Trapping Condition is not satisfied, such amount shall 
not be paid to the Class J Noteholders of such Series but shall 
be credited to the relevant Payments Account; 
Fourteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, to the extent that 
the Rated Notes have been redeemed in full, all amounts 
outstanding in respect of principal due and payable on the 
Class J Notes of the relevant Series; 
Fifteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Additional 
Remuneration (if any) on the Class J Notes of the relevant 
Series. 
Class B Notes Series 
Performance Triggers 
 
If "Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers" is specified 
as being applicable in the Final Terms of the relevant Series 
of Notes and the following Class B Notes Series Performance 
Triggers occurs:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(a) 
the Cumulative Net Default Ratio has exceeded the 
Cumulative Default Trigger, as specified in the latest 
available Servicer's Report, 
(b) 
then  
(i) 
the Programme Administrator shall deliver a written 
notice (a "Performance Trigger Notice") to the 
Issuer, the Originator, the Representative of the 
Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Rating Agencies, stating that a Class 
B Series Performance Trigger has occurred; 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Performance Trigger Notice 
with respect to such Series and solely for the purpose 
of applying the relevant Series Available Funds in 
accordance with the Pre Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, from (and including) the immediately 
following Payment Date and on each Payment Date 
thereafter, item Seventh of the Pre Enforcement 
Priority of Payments shall not apply and item Eleventh 
of the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments shall 
apply. 
 
4. 
TRANSFER OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Portfolio 
In respect of each Transaction, the principal source of 
payment of interest and of repayment of principal on the Notes 
of any Series will be collections and recoveries made in 
respect of the relevant Portfolio which will be purchased by 
the Issuer by using the funds deriving from the issuance of 
such Series of Notes, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement. 
The Portfolio of each Transaction will be assigned and 
transferred to the Issuer without recourse (pro soluto) against 
the Originator in the case of a failure by any of the Debtors to 
pay amounts due under the relevant Receivables, in 
accordance with the Securitisation Law and subject to the 
terms and conditions of the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement 
entered into in respect of the purchase of the relevant 
Portfolio. 
The Purchase Price in respect of the Portfolio of each 
Transaction will be equal to the sum of all Individual Purchase 
Prices of the Receivables included in such Portfolio and will 
be paid on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Series) using 
the net proceeds of the issue thereof.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Criteria 
Pursuant 
to 
the 
Programme 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement, the Originator will sell to the Issuer and the Issuer 
will purchase from the Originator all the Receivables arising 
from Loan Agreements which meet, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date, the Common Criteria set out below.   
All Portfolios purchased by the Issuer under the Programme 
in respect of each Transaction will be selected on the basis of 
the Common Criteria. The relevant Transfer Agreement 
entered into in respect of the relevant Transaction may set out 
Specific Criteria (which cannot derogate to the Common 
Criteria). 
 
Common Criteria  
1) 
are personal Loans to be reimbursed through a Salary 
Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a Payment 
Delegation issued in favour of IBL Banca by the 
relevant Debtor and notified to the relevant 
Employer/Pension Authority and accepted by it;  
2) 
have been granted only by IBL Banca as lender; 
3) 
have been denominated in Euro and do not contain 
provisions that allow their exchange in another 
currency; 
4) 
have been entirely granted by IBL Banca and in 
respect of which there are no obligation or possibility 
to make further disbursements under the relevant 
Loan Agreement;  
5) 
have been granted pursuant to Loan Agreements 
governed by Italian Law;  
6) 
at least one Instalment has been paid; 
7) 
have a nominal interest rate (T.A.N.) not lower than 
3.5% (three point five per cent.); 
8) 
are assisted by an Insurance Policy in favour of IBL 
Banca to cover any life or unemployment risk of the 
Debtor;  
9) 
have been granted in favour of individuals, resident or 
domiciled in Italy, employees of a private company or 
by a public administration or pensioners;  
10) 
have not been granted to directors or employees of 
IBL Banca and to employees of the same Insurance 
Company with which has been entered into the 
Insurance Policy assisting this Loan in accordance 
with point (8) above;  
11) 
provide for an amortisation plan characterized by 
monthly Instalments of fixed amount and having a 
fixed interest rate;

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
12) 
do not have more than 2 (two) Unpaid Instalments; 
13) 
have not been classified as "sofferenze" (Defaulted 
Receivable), "inadempienze probabili" or "esposizioni 
scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate" pursuant to 
Circular No. 272 dated 30 July 2008, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (Matrice dei Conti) 
and article 178 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
dated 26 June 2013, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
14) 
have not been characterised by events in relation to 
which the Insurance Company must pay the relevant 
indemnity on the basis of the Insurance Policy in 
accordance with point (8) above; 
15) 
should accrue at least an Instalment following the 
Valuation Date; 
16) 
whose Debtors have not opened at IBL Banca a bank 
account or a deposit account; 
17) 
have not been entered into or executed in accordance 
with any law or regulation that provide from the 
beginning financial facilitations, public contributions of 
any nature, law discounts, maximum contractual limits 
to the interest rate and/or other provisions that give 
facilitations or reductions to the debtors or to the 
relevant guarantors, in relation to the capital and/or 
the interests;  
18) 
that have not been object of previous transfer and/or 
securitisation transactions with third parties (other 
than, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the 
Receivables 
securitised 
under 
the 
Previous 
Securitisation carried out by IBL Banca or any other 
Securitisation carried out by IBL Banca and which will 
be transferred to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement), 
as 
communicated to the relevant Debtor by IBL Banca, 
unless they have been repurchased afterwards by 
IBL Banca (and this circumstance has been 
communicated to the relevant Debtor by IBL Banca; 
19) 
are not Receivables arising from loans granted to 
Debtors whose Employer is part of the Alitalia/Sai 
Group; 
20) 
are not Receivables arising from Loans assisted by 
an insurance policy issued by Ferservizi S.p.A. or by 
INPDAP. 
Servicing of the Portfolio 
The Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Issuer entered into 
the Programme Servicing Agreement, pursuant to which the 
Master Servicer has been entrusted by the Issuer for the 
supervision activities pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 6-bis of

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
the Securitisation Law and the reporting activities relating to 
each Transaction. 
The Master Servicer will be the "soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e 
pagamento" pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 3 (c) of the 
Securitisation Law and, therefore, shall take the responsibility 
provided for by Article 2, paragraph 6, of the Securitisation 
Law. 
Under the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Issuer has 
appointed IBL Banca as Servicer which will act in the name 
and on behalf of the Issuer and in the interest of the Issuer 
and the Noteholders for the administration, management and 
recoveries activities in respect of the Receivables comprised 
in each relevant Portfolio, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Master 
Servicer has undertaken, inter alia, in respect of each 
Transaction, on the basis of the information provided to it by 
the Servicer, to prepare and submit to the Issuer, on a monthly 
basis, reports in the form which is set out in the Programme 
Servicing Agreement, providing key information relating to the 
amortisation of each Portfolio and the Servicer's activity 
during the relevant preceding period, including, without 
limitation, a description of the relevant Portfolio, information 
relating to any Defaulted Receivables and the Collections and 
Recoveries during the relevant preceding period and a 
performance analysis. 
In particular, the Master Servicer, in respect of each 
Transaction, shall prepare on a monthly basis a Servicer’s 
Report. 
Pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer, in respect of each Transaction, shall transfer all 
amounts received or recovered by it in respect of the Portfolio 
to the relevant Collection Account of the Issuer within 1 
Business Day of the date on which the Servicer has received 
such amounts.   
Pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement, the 
Amounts Not Pertaining to the Transaction (if any): (i) will be 
determined and notified to the Issuer by the Servicer; (ii) will 
be paid to the Originator within 2 Business Days from the 
notification under (i) above; and (iii) will be set out in each 
Servicer’s Report, with respect to the immediately preceding 
relevant Collection Period. 
In the event of termination of IBL Servicing's appointment as 
Master Servicer in accordance with the Programme Servicing 
Agreement, IBL Banca will act as substitute of the Master 
Servicer and will assume all obligations and responsibilities, 
and perform all activities, of the Master Servicer thereunder, 
in addition to the activities already delegated to it as Servicer. 
Furthermore, 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Programme 
Servicing 
Agreement, the termination of IBL Banca's appointment as

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Servicer constitutes a Servicer's Termination Event and 
therefore will trigger the termination of IBL Servicing's 
appointment as Master Servicer.  
Back-up Servicing 
The Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Back-
up Servicer entered into the Programme Back-up Servicing 
Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement, 
the Back-up Servicer has undertaken to act as substitute of 
the Master Servicer in the event that: (i) the appointment of 
the Master Servicer has been revoked in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Servicing Agreement; or (ii) the 
Master Servicer has withdrawn from the Programme 
Servicing Agreement; or (iii) the appointment of the Master 
Servicer is terminated for any reason whatsoever in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Servicing 
Agreement, other than in the event that IBL Banca, as 
successor master servicer, substitute IBL Servicing in 
accordance with the provisions of the Programme Servicing 
Agreement. 
Warranties and 
indemnities 
In the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the 
Originator made certain representations and warranties to the 
Issuer in relation to, inter alia, the Receivables (in respect of 
the Originator) included in each Portfolio to be transferred 
from time to time to the Issuer and the Originator agreed to 
indemnify the Issuer in respect of certain liabilities incurred by 
the Issuer as a result of the breach of such representations 
and warranties. 
 
5. 
OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND CREDIT STRUCTURE 
Programme Intercreditor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, 
the Representative of the Noteholders shall be entitled, inter 
alia, following the service of a Transaction Acceleration 
Notice and until the Notes of the relevant Series have been 
repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms relating to such Series, to pay 
or cause to be paid on behalf of the Issuer, and using the 
relevant Series Available Funds, all sums due and payable 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders of such Series, the relevant 
Other Issuer Creditors and third party creditors in respect of 
costs and expenses incurred in the context of the relevant 
Transaction, in accordance with the terms of the Post 
Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, 
the Issuer and each Other Issuer Creditor agreed to perform 
their respective obligations under the Programme as 
provided for in the relevant Transaction Documents. 
The Programme Administrator was appointed under the 
Programme Intercreditor Agreement in order to undertake, 
inter alia, to deliver the Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice upon occurrence of a Programme Purchase 
Termination Event, and verify the occurrence of the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
conditions provided for under the Programme Documents for 
the purchase of a Portfolio and the issue of a further Series 
of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement 
Under the terms of the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, the Servicer, the 
Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer and the Paying Agents agreed 
to provide the Issuer in relation to each Transaction with 
certain calculation, notification, cash management and 
reporting services together with account handling services in 
relation to moneys and securities from time to time standing 
to the credit of the Series Issuer’s Accounts and with certain 
agency services. 
In particular, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, each party thereto 
agreed - in respect of each Transaction - to enter into a 
Series CAMPA providing, inter alia, the opening of the 
relevant Series Issuer's Account. 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Calculation Agent has 
undertaken in respect of each Transaction, inter alia, to 
prepare: (i) on or prior to each relevant Calculation Date, the 
Payments Report containing details of amounts to be paid by 
the Issuer on the relevant Payment Date following such 
Calculation Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments, and (ii) not later than the second Business Day 
following each relevant Payment Date, the Investors Report. 
On each relevant Payment Date, the Italian Paying Agent 
shall apply amounts transferred into the relevant Payments 
Account in making payments to the Noteholders of such 
Series in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments, as set out in the relevant Payments Report. 
Under the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, Zenith was appointed as Back-up 
Calculation Agent in respect of each Transaction and has 
undertaken to act as substitute of the Calculation Agent, in 
the event that: (i) the relevant Servicer’s Report is not timely 
delivered and, therefore, the information set out therein 
necessary to prepare the relevant Payments Report are not 
available; or (ii) IBL Banca as Calculation Agent fails to 
prepare the relevant Payments Report (or Post-Acceleration 
Payments Report, as the case may be) or the relevant 
Investor Report.   
Mandate Agreement 
Under the terms of the Mandate Agreement, the 
Representative of the Noteholders was authorised, subject 
to a Transaction Acceleration Notice or a Programme 
Purchase Termination Notice being served upon the Issuer 
or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise its rights under any 
Series Document, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of 
the Issuer, all the Issuer's non-monetary rights arising out of 
certain Series Documents to which the Issuer is a party.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Series Swap Agreement 
In respect of a Transaction, the Issuer may hedge against 
certain interest rate risks in relation to the Receivables as at 
the Issue Date of the relevant Series, by entering into an 
interest rate hedging agreement or an interest rate option (or 
any other agreement having the same interest rate hedging 
economic and financial purpose) with one or more Series 
Swap Counterparties. 
Series Deed of Pledge 
Under the terms of each Series Deed of Pledge entered into 
in respect of each Transaction, the Issuer will grant to the 
Representative of the Noteholders (acting for itself and for 
the benefit of the Noteholders and the Other Issuer 
Creditors) a pledge over certain monetary rights to which the 
Issuer is entitled from time to time pursuant to certain Series 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
Series Deed of Charge 
In respect of a Transaction, the Issuer may grant to the 
Representative of the Noteholders (acting for itself and for 
the benefit of the Noteholders and the Other Issuer 
Creditors) a security interest over the sums standing to the 
credit of, and/or the securities deposited in, the Investment 
Account if opened pursuant to the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the 
relevant Series CAMPA and/or over the contractual rights of 
the Issuer arising from the Series Swap Agreement (if any). 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement 
between the Issuer and the Corporate Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer agreed to provide certain corporate 
administrative services to the Issuer. 
Quotaholder’s Agreement 
Under the terms of the Quotaholder’s Agreement, certain 
rules where set forth in relation to the corporate management 
of the Issuer. 
Listing Agent Fee Letter 
Under the terms of the Listing Agent Fee Letter, the Listing 
Agent has agreed to provide certain services to the Issuer in 
connection with the listing of the Rated Notes of any Series 
issued under the Programme. 
6. 
ISSUER’S SERIES ACCOUNTS  
Collection Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Collection Account Bank a Collection 
Account in respect of each Transaction, to be opened in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series CAMPA. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Programme 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall transfer on a daily 
basis to the relevant Collection Account all the amounts 
received or recovered in respect of the Receivables included 
in the Portfolio purchased in the context of each relevant 
Transaction. 
Payments Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Transaction Bank a Payments Account in 
respect of each Transaction, to be opened in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Series CAMPA. All amounts due

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
to the Issuer under any of the relevant Series Documents will 
be paid into the relevant Payments Account (other than the 
Collections, which will be transferred into the relevant 
Payments Account two Business Days before each relevant 
Payment Date). 
Liquidity Reserve 
Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Transaction Bank a Liquidity Reserve 
Account in respect of each Transaction, to be opened in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series CAMPA. 
On the relevant Issue Date and, thereafter, on each relevant 
Payment Date until the Rated Notes of the relevant Series 
have been repaid in full, the relevant Liquidity Reserve Target 
Amount shall be transferred into the relevant Liquidity 
Reserve Account from the relevant Payments Account. 
Additional Reserve 
Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Transaction Bank an Additional Reserve 
Account in respect of each Transaction, to be opened in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series CAMPA. 
On the relevant Issue Date and, thereafter, on each relevant 
Payment Date until the Rated Notes of the relevant Series 
have been repaid in full, the relevant Additional Reserve 
Target Amount shall be transferred into the relevant Additional 
Reserve Account from the relevant Payments Account. 
Management Fee 
Reserve Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Transaction Bank a Management Fee 
Reserve Account in respect of each Transaction, to be 
opened in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Series CAMPA. 
On the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for such Series) the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Initial Amount in respect of all the 
Receivables transferred by the Originator on such Transfer 
Date shall be paid (or procured to be paid) by the Originator 
into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account. 
On each relevant Payment Date, the relevant Management 
Fee Reserve Increased Amount, as specified in the relevant 
Servicer’s Report issued as of the immediately preceding 
relevant Servicer’s Report Date, shall be credited by the 
Originator into the relevant Management Fee Reserve 
Account. 
The relevant Management Fee Reserve Released Amount (if 
any) will be repaid by the Issuer to the Originator on the 
Payment Date immediately following the relevant Servicer's 
Report Date without applying the Priority of Payments, in all 
circumstances in accordance with the relevant Series 
Documents. 
The relevant Management Fee Prepayment Amount (if any) 
as specified by the Calculation Agent under the relevant

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Payments Report (or Post Acceleration Payments Report, as 
the case may be) will be transferred from the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Account to the corresponding 
Payments Account on or prior to any relevant Payment Date. 
All amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Management 
Fee Reserve Account, on the Business Day after the Payment 
Date on which the Notes of the relevant Series are redeemed 
in full or cancelled, will be paid to the Originator. 
Investment Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer may open after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series with the Investment Account 
Bank (or with any other Eligible Institution) a securities 
investment account in respect of the relevant Transaction, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement and the 
relevant Series CAMPA. The relevant Investment Account 
shall be managed and operated in accordance with the 
provisions that will be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Noteholders and the relevant account 
bank.  
Expenses Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to 
establish with the Collection Account Bank an Expenses 
Account in respect of each Transaction, to be opened in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series CAMPA. 
On the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for such Series), the relevant 
Retention Amount will be credited into the relevant Expenses 
Account. 
During each relevant Collection Period, the Retention Amount 
will be used by the Issuer to pay the Expenses relating to the 
relevant Transaction.  
To the extent that the amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Series Expense Account on any Payment Date of the 
relevant Series of Notes is lower than the Retention Amount, 
the Issuer shall credit available amounts to such Series 
Expense Account in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
Back-Up Collection 
Account 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation Management 
and Payments Agreement, Citi Milan as Transaction Bank will 
undertake to open in the name of the Issuer - as of the 
relevant Series Signing Date in respect of each Transaction - 
and maintain a Back-Up Collection Account.  
In the event that IBL Banca (or the Issuer) becomes aware 
that should IBL Banca remain as Collection Account Bank this 
would have a negative credit impact on the Rated Notes of 
such Series, IBL Banca (or the Issuer, as the case may be) 
shall promptly inform in writing the Collection Account Bank (if 
the notice is delivered by the Issuer), the Issuer (if the notice 
is delivered by IBL Banca) and the Programme Administrator 
of such event (the “Collection Account Bank Termination

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Notice”) in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement following the receipt of the 
Collection Account Bank Termination Notice, IBL Banca shall 
immediately, and in any case no later than the earlier of (i) 2 
(two) Business Days following the receipt of the Collection 
Account Bank Termination Notice, and (ii) 3 (three) Business 
Days before the immediately following Payment Date: 
(a) 
transfer all amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Collection Account as of such date into the 
relevant Back-Up Collection Account; and 
(b) 
close the Collection Accounts opened under all 
Transactions carried out under the Programme until 
such date, once the transfer under (a) above has been 
completed. 
Collateral Account 
In the event that a Series Swap Agreement is entered into and 
that amounts are to be posted by a Series Swap Counterparty 
as collateral pursuant to such Series Swap Agreement (any 
such amount, the "Collateral Amounts"), the Issuer will 
promptly open - in respect of the relevant Transaction - a 
Collateral Account with any banking institution which shall be 
an Eligible Institution and which will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Collateral Account Bank") into 
which the relevant Series Swap Counterparty/ies shall pay the 
Collateral Amounts in accordance with the relevant Series 
Swap Agreement. 
Quota Capital Account 
The Issuer has also established the Quota Capital Account 
with IBL Banca for the purpose of depositing its quota capital. 
Eligible Institution 
"Eligible Institution" means any depository institution 
organised under the laws of any state which is a member of 
the European Union or of the United States:  
a) 
with a "Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, in the 
event of a depository institution which does not have 
a long-term rating by Moody’s, a "P-2" short-term 
rating by Moody’s.  
b)         with respect to DBRS the rating at least equal to “BBB 
(high)” being:  
(1) in case a public or private rating has been 
assigned by DBRS, the higher of (I) the rating 
one notch below the institution’s COR (if 
assigned), and (II) the long-term senior 
unsecured debt rating or deposit rating; or 
(2) in case a long-term COR has not been 
assigned by DBRS, the higher of the relevant 
institution’s issue rating, long-term senior 
unsecured debt rating or deposit rating; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(3) in case a public or private rating has not 
been assigned by DBRS, a DBRS Minimum 
Rating; and 
c) 
if rated by Scope, whose long-term and short term 
bank issuer ratings are rated at least, respectively, 
"BBB" and “S-2” by Scope, provided that a rating by 
Scope is (a) the public or subscription rating assigned 
by Scope or, if there is no public or subscription rating, 
(b) the private rating assigned by Scope or the internal 
credit assessment made by Scope, 
or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the 
relevant Rating Agency from time to time as would maintain 
the then current ratings of the Notes. 
For clarification, the DBRS rating is (a) the public rating 
assigned by DBRS or, if there is no public DBRS rating, then 
(b) the private rating assigned by DBRS. In the event of a 
depository institution which does not have a private rating nor 
a public rating from DBRS, then for DBRS the Eligible 
Institution will mean a depository institution whose DBRS 
Minimum Rating is at least BBB(high). 
"DBRS Minimum Rating" means: 
(a) 
if a Fitch long term public rating, a Moody’s long term 
public rating and an S&P long term public rating 
(each, a Public Long Term Rating) are all available at 
such date, the DBRS Minimum Rating will be the 
DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long Term 
Rating remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest of such Public Long Term Ratings from such 
rating agencies (provided that if such Public Long 
Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the 
equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be 
considered one notch below) (for this purpose, if more 
than one Public Long Term Rating has the same 
highest DBRS Equivalent Rating or the same lowest 
DBRS Equivalent Rating, then in each case one of 
such Public Long Term Ratings shall be so 
disregarded); 
(b) 
if the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined 
under (a) above, but Public Long Term Ratings by any 
two of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are available at such 
date, the DBRS Minimum Rating will be the DBRS 
Equivalent Rating of the lower of such Public Long 
Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term 
Rating is under credit watch negative, or the 
equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be 
considered one notch below); and 
(c) 
if the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined 
under (a) and (b) above, but Public Long Term 
Ratings by any one of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
available at such date, then the DBRS Minimum 
Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such 
Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public 
Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or 
the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will 
be considered one notch below). 
If at any time the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be 
determined under subparagraphs (a) to (c) above, 
then a DBRS Minimum Rating of “C” shall apply at 
such time. 
 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" has the meaning given to such 
term in Condition 2 (Definitions). 
Eligible Investments 
 
"Eligible Investments" means: 
(A) 
euro-denominated 
senior 
dematerialised 
unsubordinated 
debt 
financial 
instruments 
but 
excluding for the avoidance of doubt credit linked 
notes and money market funds, or  
(B) 
account or deposit with a maturity date falling not later 
than the next succeeding Eligible Investments 
Maturity Date, held with an Eligible Institution, 
provided that, in all cases: (i) such investments are 
immediately repayable on demand, disposable without 
penalty or have a maturity date falling on or before the next 
following Eligible Investments Maturity Date; (ii) such 
investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such 
amount not being lower than the initially invested amount), 
and (iii) the debt securities or other debt instruments are 
issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an 
unsubordinated basis by, an institution whose unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations have the following ratings (or 
such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant 
Rating Agency from time to time as would maintain the then 
current ratings of the Notes): 
(1) 
with respect to Moody’s ratings, either: (i) with a 
"Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, in the event of 
a depository institution which does not have a long-
term rating by Moody’s, a "P-2" short-term rating by 
Moody’s; or (ii) such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s 
from time to time; 
(2) 
with respect to DBRS ratings, either: (i) "R-1(low)" by 
DBRS in respect of short-term debt and "BBB (high)" 
by DBRS in respect of long-term debt; or (ii) 
otherwise, which has the following ratings from at 
least 2 of the following rating agencies: (a) at least "A" 
by Fitch; (b) at least "A" by Standard & Poor’s; (c) at 
least "A2" by Moody’s; and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
provided that, in any event, (a) the Eligible Investments set 
out above will have a maturity of less than or equal to one 
month, and (b) none of the Eligible Investments set out above 
may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of (i) 
credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer 
of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any 
amount available to the Issuer in the context of the 
Securitisation otherwise be invested in any such instruments 
at any time, or (ii) asset-backed securities, irrespective of their 
subordination, status or ranking, or (iii) swaps, other derivative 
instruments, or synthetic securities or any other instrument 
from time to time specified in the European Central Bank 
monetary policy regulations applicable from time to time. 
"Eligible Investments Maturity Date" means, in respect of 
each Transaction, in relation to Eligible Investments (if any) 
deriving from the investment of the relevant Series Available 
Funds to be distributed on a certain Payment Date, the day 
falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding 
such Payment Date.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. The following section is a description of the material risk 
factors known as of the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to the issue of the Notes of which 
prospective noteholders should be aware. Prospective noteholders should make their own independent 
valuation of all of the risk factors and should also read the detailed information set forth elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus, in the Programme Documents, in the applicable Final Terms and in the Series 
Documents of the relevant Transaction and reach their own views prior to making an investment decision. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 1: RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes 
The Notes of any Series will be limited recourse obligations solely of the Issuer.  
In particular, with reference to each Transaction, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect 
of the Notes of the relevant Series will be dependent on (i) the receipt by the Issuer of collections and 
recoveries made on its behalf by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer from the relevant Portfolio, (ii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account and Additional Reserve 
Account; and (iii) any other amounts received by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the other relevant 
Series Documents to which it is a party (including the relevant Series Swap Agreement, if any). The 
performance by such parties of their respective obligations under the relevant Series Documents is 
dependent on the solvency of each relevant party. Consequently, with reference to each Transaction, 
there is no assurance that, over the life of the Notes of the relevant Series (whether on the relevant Final 
Maturity Date, upon redemption by acceleration of maturity following the service of a Transaction 
Acceleration Notice or otherwise), there will be sufficient funds to enable the Issuer to pay interest on 
such Notes or to repay such Notes in full. 
If there are not sufficient funds available to the Issuer to pay in full all principal, interest and other amounts 
due in respect of such Notes, then the relevant Noteholders will have no further claims against the Issuer 
in respect of any such unpaid amounts. Following the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the 
only remedy available to the relevant Noteholders and the relevant Other Issuer Creditors is the exercise 
by the Representative of Noteholders of the Issuer's Rights. In this circumstance, there is no assurance 
that the net proceeds of the realisation of the Issuer’s Rights will be sufficient to pay all amounts due to 
the relevant Noteholders after making payments to the other creditors of the Issuer ranking prior thereto. 
In particular, in the event of a shortfall in such proceeds, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay to the 
relevant Noteholders and its other creditors any residual amount which has not been paid by the Issuer 
after application of such proceeds and, in addition, the other assets of the Issuer will not be available for 
such payments. 
Each Portfolio which will be purchased under the Programme will be exclusively comprised of Loans 
which were/are "performing" as at the relevant Valuation Date (see "The Portfolios"). There can be no 
guarantee that (i) the Debtors will continue to perform under the Loans; (ii) the Employers/Pension 
Authorities will continue to perform under the Salary Assignments and the Payment Delegations; or (iii) 
the Insurance Companies will perform their obligations under the Insurance Policies. 
It should be noted that economic conditions may affect the ability of the Debtors and/or the 
Employers/Pension Authorities to repay the Loans and/or the Insurance Companies to make payments 
under the Insurance Policies. 
The recovery of overdue amounts in respect of the Loans (and/or other claims comprised in the Portfolio) 
will be affected by the length of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Loans (and/or other claims 
comprised in each Portfolio), which in the Republic of Italy can take a considerable amount of time

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken. Factors which can have a 
significant effect on the length of the proceedings include the following: (i) certain courts may take longer 
than the national average to enforce the (and/or other claims comprised in each Portfolio) and (ii) more 
time will be required for the proceedings if it is necessary first to obtain a payment injunction (decreto 
ingiuntivo) or if the Debtor or any Employer/Pension Authority and/or Insurance Company raises a 
defence or counterclaim to the proceedings. 
Such credit and liquidity risks will be mitigated, with reference to each Transaction, by the availability of 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve and Additional Reserve and, with respect to the relevant Class A Notes, 
by the credit support provided by the relevant Class B Notes and Class J Notes, and with respect to the 
relevant Class B Notes, by the credit support provided by the relevant Class J Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the levels of credit support and the liquidity support provided by the 
subordination of the Notes and by the funds of the Liquidity Reserve and the Additional Reserve will be 
adequate to ensure punctual and full receipt of amounts due under the Notes.  
By virtue of the operation of Italian law, with reference to each Transaction the rights, title and interests 
of the Issuer in and to the relevant Portfolio, any monetary claim accrued by the Issuer in the context of 
such Transaction, the relevant collections and the financial assets purchased through such collections 
will be segregated from all other assets of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other 
Portfolio purchased in the context of the Programme). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving therefrom (to the 
extent identifiable) will be exclusively available, both prior to and following a winding up of the Issuer, to 
satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series, the Other Issuer Creditors 
of such Transaction and any other creditor of the Issuer in respect of any costs, fees and expenses in 
relation to such Transaction. 
With reference to each Transaction, each Other Issuer Creditor has undertaken in the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement not to petition or commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join 
any such petition or proceedings) against the Issuer until the date falling two years and one day after the 
date on which the Notes of the relevant Series have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance 
with their terms and conditions. 
Credit risk on IBL Banca (acting as Servicer) and the other parties to the Series Documents 
relating to the relevant Transaction 
With reference to each Transaction, the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes of 
the relevant Series will depend to a significant extent upon the due performance by IBL Banca (acting as 
Servicer) and the other parties to the relevant Transaction Documents of their respective obligations 
under such Series Documents to which they are parties. In particular, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the timely payment of amounts due on the Notes will depend on the ability of the Servicer to 
service the relevant Portfolio and to recover the amounts relating to the relevant Defaulted Receivables 
(if any). With reference to each Transaction, the performance of such parties of their respective 
obligations under the relevant Series Documents is dependent, inter alia, on the solvency of each relevant 
party.  
Furthermore, the Issuer's ability to make payments in respect of the Notes of any Series may depend on 
the performance by the Originator of its obligations under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. In particular, in the event that the Originator becomes subject to insolvency or similar 
proceedings, it would no longer be in a position to meet its indemnification obligations to the Issuer under 
the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. In addition, in such case, any payments made by 
the Originator as indemnity or as repurchase price under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, or as indemnity for the renegotiation of the Receivables comprised in the Portfolio purchased 
in the context of each Transaction under the Programme Servicing Agreement or as repurchase price of 
the such Receivables, respectively, may be subject to ordinary claw back regime under Italian Law (for 
further details see the section "Selected Aspects of Italian Law").

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes of any Series is dependent on the 
performance of other parties to the relevant Transaction. 
The timely payment of amounts due on the Notes of any Series will depend on the performance of other 
Issuer's counterparties, including, without limitation, the ability of the Back-up Servicer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agents and the Account Banks to duly 
perform their obligations under the relevant Transaction Documents. In addition, the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Notes of any Series may depend to an extent upon the due performance by 
the Originator of its obligations under the the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement in respect of the relevant Portfolio. The performance of such parties of their 
respective obligations under the relevant Transaction Documents may be influenced by the solvency of 
each relevant party. 
Replacement of the Master Servicer and/or of the Servicer  
In order to mitigate the servicing risk in respect of each Portfolio, the Back-up Servicer has been 
appointed by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement and has undertaken 
to act as substitute of the Master Servicer in case of termination of the appointment of the Master Servicer 
and/or of the Servicer under the Programme Servicing Agreement. In particular, after termination of the 
appointment of the Master Servicer and/or of the Servicer under the Programme Servicing Agreement, 
the Back-up Servicer has undertaken to service each Portfolio purchased in the context of each 
Transaction and assumes and/or performs the duties and obligations of the Master Servicer and/or of the 
Servicer on the same terms provided for in the Programme Servicing Agreement. However, it is not 
certain that, in the events provided under the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Back-Up Servicer 
will be able to replace at once the Master Servicer and/or of the Servicer in the performance of its duties 
under the Programme Servicing Agreement, which could affect the proceeds of the Portfolios available 
to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
Commingling Risk 
The Issuer may be subject to the risk that, in the event of insolvency of IBL Banca, acting as Servicer, 
with reference to each Transaction, the relevant Collections and/or the amounts received in respect of 
the relevant Portfolio then held by such entity are lost. The risk is mitigated in a number of ways. 
First, the Law Decree No. 91/2014 introduced certain specific segregation and bankruptcy provisions 
dealing with the bank accounts of the servicer (or of the sub-servicers) for the deposit of the collections 
of the securitised receivables (the “Servicer Accounts”). Such new provisions established that sums 
credited in the Servicer Accounts can be seized and attached by the creditors of the Servicer only within 
the limit of the amounts exceeding the sums collected and due to the SPV in respect of the securitised 
receivables. Moreover pursuant to such new provisions, if the servicer (or the sub-servicers) is subject to 
any insolvency proceeding, then the securitised collections deposited (both prior to and during such 
proceeding) into the relevant Servicer Accounts will not be subject to suspension of  payments and will 
be immediately repaid to the relevant issuer, without the need to file any petition in the relevant insolvency 
proceeding and outside of any distribution plan. Prospective investors should however be aware that, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the new provisions of the Securitisation Law introduced by Law 
Decree Competititivà have never (or rarely) been tested in any case law, or specified in any further 
regulation and could be in conflict with or superseded by the provisions relating to the bail-in and the 
other resolution tools implemented in Italy pursuant to the BRRD (i.e. Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014).  
Moreover, the Issuer has taken certain actions, such as requiring the Servicer to procure that the any 
amounts collected and/or recovered in respect of the Receivables comprised in the Portfolio purchased 
in the context of each Transaction are: (i) collected and credited to bank accounts (established in the 
name of the Servicer and/or managed by the Servicer) which are maintained separate from other funds 
belonging to the Servicer and/or third parties, and (ii) are transferred to the Collection Account of the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Issuer opened in the context of such Transaction (which shall at all times be maintained with an Eligible 
Institution, other than if maintained with the Collection Account Bank) on the Business Day following the 
relevant date of receipt of the relevant Collections by the Servicer.  
Issuer an unsecured creditor of the Originator 
The Issuer will rely on the fact that the Originator has assumed the obligation to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Issuer for any losses, liabilities, damages, costs, actions and proceedings (each a “Claim”) 
by virtue of the mechanism of the accollo liberatorio pursuant to article 1273 of the Italian Civil Code and 
on the further representations and warranties given by the Originator in the Programme Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and in each Transfer Agreement. These remedies of the Issuer in respect of the 
occurrence of a Claim and/or a breach of a representation and warranty which materially and adversely 
affects the value of a Receivable will be the requirement that the Originator indemnifies the Issuer for the 
damages deriving therefrom – or repurchase the relevant Receivable in accordance with, and subject to, 
the terms and conditions of the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. There can be no 
assurance that the Originator will have the financial resources to honour such obligations. 
Limitations on cross-liability between Transactions 
By virtue of the operation of article 3 of the Securitisation Law, the Programme Documents and Series 
Documents relating to each Transaction, the Issuer's Series Segregated Assets will be segregated from 
all other assets of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Portfolio purchased by the 
Issuer in the context of the Programme). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving therefrom (to the extent 
identifiable) will be exclusively available, both prior to and following a winding up of the Issuer, to satisfy 
the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series, to the Other Issuer Creditors of the 
relevant Transaction and to any other creditor of the Issuer in respect of any costs, fees and expenses in 
relation to the relevant Transaction. In addition, the assets relating to each Transaction will not be 
available to the holders of Notes issued to finance any purchase of any other Portfolio under the 
Programme or to general creditors of the Issuer. 
Payment Delegation 
The Payment Delegations relating to each Portfolio have been issued by the relevant Debtors in favour 
of IBL Banca (i.e. the relevant Employers pay the portion of salary or pension object of Payment 
Delegation to IBL Banca in repayment of the relevant DP Loans). 
In the event of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding of the Originator, the Delegations of Payment 
can be terminated. As a result, in order for the Issuer to be entitled to receive the relevant quotas of the 
wages or salaries or pensions from the Employers of the relevant Debtors in discharge of the payment 
obligations under the relevant Loans, it would be necessary that (i) such Debtors issue new Delegations 
of Payment in favour of the Issuer, and (ii) the Employers accept such new Delegations of Payment, 
subject to the requirements and limits provided for by general law provisions and by the applicable 
Circulars of the Minister of Treasury.  
In this respect, it has to be noted that the Debtors and the Employers are under no obligation to execute 
a new Payment Delegation and accept them, respectively, so this result in the failure of or the delay in 
processing of payments on the Receivables and ultimately could adversely affect payment of interest and 
principal on the Notes.  
Eligible Investments  
Funds on deposit in certain Accounts may be invested in Eligible Investments by the Issuer through the 
Cash Manager, pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and Payment Agreement. The investments 
must have appropriate ratings corresponding to the term of the investment, as provided by the Eligible 
Investment definition. However, it may be that, irrespective of any such rating, such investments will be

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
irrecoverable due to the insolvency or default of the relevant debtor in respect of the investment. In the 
event any of the investments are irrecoverable the Issuer would have less funds available to it to make 
payments under the Notes which could affect whether or not Noteholders are repaid in full.  
Please also see for further details the section named “The Accounts”. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 2: RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Investment in the Notes is only suitable for certain investors 
Structured securities, such as the Notes, are sophisticated financial instruments, which can involve a 
significant degree of risk. Prospective investors in any Class of the Notes should ensure that they 
understand the nature of such Notes and the extent of their exposure to the relevant risks. Such 
prospective investors should also ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to 
professional advice to make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Notes and that they consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment 
in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. 
Investment in the Notes is only suitable for investors who (i) have the requisite knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters to evaluate such merits and risks of an investment in the Notes; (ii) have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the context 
of their financial situation; (iii) are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes; 
and (iv) recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Notes for a substantial period of time, if at 
all. 
Prospective Noteholders should not rely on or construe any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer, 
the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other Transaction Party as investment advice or 
as a recommendation to invest in the Notes, it being understood that information and explanations related 
to the Conditions shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the 
Notes. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers or any other Transaction Party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the 
expected results of an investment in the Notes. 
If an investor does not properly assess the nature of the Notes and the extent of its exposure to the 
relevant risks before making its investment decision, it may suffer losses. 
Therefore, prospective Noteholders should make their own independent decision whether to invest in the 
Notes and whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate or proper for them, based upon their own 
judgment and upon advice from such advisers as they may deem necessary. 
Interest rate risk 
With reference to each Transaction, the Issuer may issue Notes whose floating rate interest is linked to 
EURIBOR and expects to meet its obligations under the Notes of the relevant Series primarily from the 
relevant Collections in respect of the Receivables, which may have no correlation to EURIBOR. To protect 
from a situation where EURIBOR increases to the extent that such Collections are no longer sufficient to 
cover the Issuer’s obligations under the Rated Notes of such Series, the Issuer may execute, on or around 
the Issue Date of the relevant Series and in relation to such Series, an interest rate swap transaction (or 
an interest rate option or any other agreement having the same interest rate hedging economic and 
financial purpose) with the relevant Series Swap Counterparty/ies. However, should any of the Series 
Swap Agreements be terminated for any reason, no assurance can be given that similar protection could 
be obtained. 
Italian consumer protection legislation

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
All of the Loans are consumer loans and are regulated by, amongst other things: (i) articles 121 to 126 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and (ii) Italian Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005 (the 
"Consumer Code"). The following risks, amongst others, could arise in relation to a consumer loan 
contract: 
(i) 
pursuant to article 125-sexies, paragraph 1, of the Consolidated Banking Act, borrowers under 
consumer loan contracts have the right to prepay any consumer loan without penalty and with the 
additional right to a pro rata reduction in the aggregate costs and interest of the loan. It should, 
however, be noted that, in the event of prepayment by the borrower, the lender, under certain 
circumstances, is entitled to a compensation equal to 1  per cent. of the prepaid amount of the 
consumer loan if the residual duration of the consumer loan is longer than one year, or equal to 
0.5 per cent. of the same amount, if shorter; in any case, no prepayment penalty shall be due (i) if 
the repayment has been made under an insurance contract intended to provide a credit 
repayment guarantee; or (ii) in the case of overdraft facilities; or (iii) if the repayment falls within a 
period for which the  borrowing rate is not a fixed rate; or (iv) if the prepaid sum is equal to the 
total outstanding amount of the relevant consumer loan and is equal to or less than Euro 10,000. 
The provisions of article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Banking Act have been recently 
amended by Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, as converted into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021 
(the so-called Sostegni-bis Decree). Pursuant to the Sostegni-bis Decree, the consumer loan 
agreements shall clearly indicate the criteria applicable for such interest and cost reduction, 
being a linear proportional reduction or a reduction based on the loan amortised cost. Unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant consumer loan agreement, a reduction based on the loan 
amortised cost would apply. Save for any different agreement between the lenders and the 
relevant credit intermediaries, the lenders would have a recourse against such credit 
intermediaries for the recovery of an amount equivalent to the portion of the credit intermediaries’ 
fees reimbursed to the borrowers as a result of the prepayment.   
The amendments to article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Banking Act introduced by the 
Sostegni-bis Decree would apply to the consumer loan agreements executed after the entry into 
force of conversion law. Any prepayment relating to consumer loan agreements entered into 
prior to such date would continue to be governed by the previous provisions of article 125-sexies, 
as well as by the Bank of Italy’s regulations applicable at the time of the relevant prepayment;   
(ii) 
pursuant to article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, debtors of consumer loans are 
entitled to exercise against the assignee of any lender under a consumer loan contract, any 
defense (including set-off) which they had against the original lender, in derogation of the 
provisions of article 1248 of the Italian Civil Code (that means the debtors have such right even 
if they have accepted the assignment or have been given written notice thereof and if the transfer 
has been made enforceable against them). In this respect, it must be noted that article 4, 
paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law provides that debtors of securitised receivables are not 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off against the securitisation special purpose vehicle for any 
claims they have towards the originator which have arisen after the date of completion of the 
enforceability formalities of the transfer of such receivables to the securitisation company as 
provided for under the Securitisation Law. However, it is unclear whether the provisions contained 
in article 4, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law in relation to set-off rights of the assigned 
debtors also prevails on article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, considering the 
special nature of the latter (i.e. provisions aimed at protecting the category of consumers). For 
this purpose, under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has 
agreed to indemnify the Issuer, with reference to each Transaction, in respect of any reduction in 
amounts received by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Receivables as a result of the exercise 
by any Debtor and/or any Employer of a right of set-off (except for set-off made in respect of the 
Management Fee, for which a cash reserve has been created, and will be maintained, on the 
relevant Management Fee Reserve Account according to the terms of the Transaction 
Documents). In addition, under the terms of the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, 
the Originator has agreed to indemnify the Issuer in respect of any set-off made by the Debtor

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
pursuant to article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act; Moreover the Originator has 
represented to the Issuer that, with reference to each Transaction, no bank accounts and/or 
deposit accounts have been opened by the Debtors with it; 
(iii) 
in addition, Article 33 of the Consumer Code provides that any clause in a consumer contract 
which contains a material imbalance between the rights and obligations of the consumer under 
the contract is deemed to be unfair and is not enforceable against the consumer whether or not 
the consumer's counterparty acted in good faith. The Originator has represented and warranted 
in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement that the Loan Agreements comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations. 
For further information please kindly see the section entitled “Selected Aspects of Italian Law” – Italian 
consumer protection legislation – Consumer Code’s protection). 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of Euribor and/or other interest rate benchmark may affect 
the value of payment of interest under the Rated Noted 
The Rated Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). EURIBOR and other 
indices which are deemed "benchmarks" ("Benchmarks") are the subject of recent national, international 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including IOSCO’s proposed Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU’s Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). The Benchmarks Regulation would apply to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" 
Benchmarks in the EU, and would, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be 
authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of 
Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. In addition, on 13 February 2019, the Italian Government approved the 
Legislative Decree no 19 dated 13 February with the aim of harmonizing the Italian legislation to the 
Benchmark Regulation. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a Benchmark. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. The disappearance of a Benchmark or 
changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmark could result in adjustment to the terms and 
conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting (if listed) or other 
consequence in relation to Notes linked to such Benchmark. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Limited nature of credit ratings assigned to the Rated Notes  
The credit ratings assigned to the Rated Notes of any Series reflects the Rating Agencies' assessment 
only in relation to a likelihood of timely payment of interest and the ultimate repayment of principal on or 
before the relevant Final Maturity Date, not that such payments will be paid when expected or scheduled. 
These ratings are based, among other things, on the Rating Agencies' determination of the value of the 
Portfolios, the reliability of the payments on the Portfolios and the availability of credit enhancement.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
The ratings do not address, among others, the following: 
- 
the possibility of the imposition of Italian or European withholding tax; or 
- 
the marketability of the Rated Notes, or any market price for the Rated Notes; or 
- 
whether an investment in the Senior Notes is a suitable investment for the Noteholder. 
The Rating Agencies may lower their ratings or withdraw their ratings if, in the sole judgment of the Rating 
Agencies, the credit quality of the Rated Notes of any Series has declined or is in question. If any rating 
assigned to the Rated Notes of any Series is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of such Rated Notes 
may be affected. 
Yield and payment considerations: performance of the underlying Loans 
With reference to each Transaction, the amount and timing of the receipt of the relevant Collections on 
the Receivables and the courses of action to be taken by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer with 
respect to the servicing, administration, collection, operation and restructuring of and other recoveries on 
the Receivables, as well as other events outside the control of the Master Servicer, the Servicer and the 
Issuer, will affect the performance of the relevant Portfolio and the weighted average life of the Notes of 
the relevant Series. The weighted average life of the Notes of any Series will be affected by the timing 
and amount of receipts in respect of the Receivables comprised in the Portfolio purchased in the context 
of such Series, which will be influenced by the courses of action to be followed by the Servicer and/or the 
Master Servicer with respect to the Receivables and decisions to alter such courses of action from time 
to time, as well as by economic, geographic, social and other factors including, inter alia, the availability 
of alternative financing and local, regional and national economic conditions. Settlement or sales of 
Receivables comprised in each Portfolio earlier or later or for different amounts than anticipated may 
significantly affect the weighted average life of the Rated Notes issued to finance such Portfolio. With 
reference to each Transaction, the stream of principal payments received by a Noteholder may not be 
uniform or consistent, no assurance can be given as to the yield to maturity which will be experienced by 
a purchaser of any Notes and the yield to maturity may be adversely affected by higher or lower rates of 
delinquency and default on the Receivables comprised in the relevant Portfolio. 
Subordination 
In respect of the obligation of the Issuer to pay interest and to repay principal on the Notes of each Series, 
the Conditions provide that: (i) the Class A Notes will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference 
or priority among themselves for all purposes, but in priority to the Class B Notes (if any) and to the Class 
J Notes; (ii) the Class B Notes (if any) will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference or priority 
among themselves for all purposes, but in priority to the Class J Notes and subordinated to the Class A 
Notes; and (iii) the Class J Notes will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference or priority 
among themselves for all purposes, but subordinated to the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any).  
As long as, in respect of each Series, any Class A Note is outstanding, unless notice has been given to 
the Issuer declaring such Class A Notes due and payable, the Class B Notes of such Series and the 
Class J Notes of such Series shall not be capable of being declared due and payable and the relevant 
Class A Noteholders shall be entitled to determine the remedies to be exercised. Remedies pursued by 
the Class A Noteholders of any Series could be adverse to the interests of the relevant Class B 
Noteholders and the Class J Noteholders.  
Potential Conflict of Interests 
IBL Banca, acts as Originator, Co-Arranger, Servicer, Calculation Agent, Cash Manager, Collection 
Account Bank, Programme Administrator and Corporate Servicer in respect of the Programme and each 
relevant Transaction. Conflicts of interests may potentially exist or may arise as a consequence of the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
various roles covered by IBL Banca in this Programme and in any single Transaction. The Originator, in 
particular, may hold and/or service claims against the Debtors other than the Receivables. 
Save as described above, so far as the Issuer is aware there are no other interests, including conflicting 
ones, of any natural and legal persons involved in the issue of the Rated Notes that are material to the 
issue of the Rated Notes. 
Conflict of interest may exist or may arise as a result of any party to each Transaction (a) having 
previously engaged or in the future engaging in transactions with other parties to such Transaction, (b) 
having multiple roles in such Transaction, and/or (c) carrying out other transactions for third parties. 
Conflict of interest may influence the performance by the parties to the Programme of their respective 
obligations and ultimately affect the interests of the Noteholders. 
Individual Noteholders have limited enforcement rights 
The protection and exercise of the Noteholders’ rights against the Issuer in respect of the Notes is one of 
the duties of the Representative of the Noteholders. 
The Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders limit the ability of individual 
Noteholders to bring individual actions, commence proceedings (including proceedings for a declaration 
of insolvency) against the Issuer in certain circumstances by conferring on the meeting the power to 
determine in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders on the ability of any 
Noteholder to commence any such individual actions. Accordingly, individual Noteholders may not, 
without breaching the Conditions, be able to commence proceedings or take other individual remedies 
against the Issuer unless a meeting has approved such action by way of an Extraordinary Resolution in 
accordance with the provisions of the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders’ directions and resolutions following delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice  
Following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice and in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Representative of the Noteholders may (or shall if so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes of the relevant Series) direct the Issuer to dispose of the 
relevant Portfolio under the relevant Transaction, it being understood that no provisions shall require the 
automatic liquidation of the relevant Portfolio as stated in article 21(4) of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
and the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria.  
In addition, at any time after a Transaction Acceleration Notice has been delivered, the Representative 
of the Noteholders may or shall (if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class 
of the Noteholders of the relevant Series) take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to ensure repayment of the Notes of the relevant Series and payment of accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. The directions 
of the Most Senior Class of Noteholders in such circumstances may adversely affect the interests of the 
other Classes of Noteholders.  
Limited rights 
The protection and exercise of the rights of the Noteholders of each Series against the Issuer and the 
preservation and enforcement of the security under the Notes of the relevant Series is one of the duties 
of the Representative of the Noteholders.  
The Conditions and the Programme Intercreditor Agreement contain provisions requiring the 
Representative of the Noteholders to have regard, with reference to each Transaction, to the interests of 
both the relevant Noteholders and the relevant Other Issuer Creditors provided that if, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Noteholders, there is a conflict between their interests, the Representative of 
the Noteholders will have regard solely to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. In addition, the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Conditions and the Programme Intercreditor Agreement contain provisions requiring the Representative 
of the Noteholders to have regard, with reference to each Transaction, to the interests of the holders of 
each Class of Notes as regards all powers, authorities, duties and discretion of the Representative of the 
Noteholders as if they formed a single class (except where expressly provided otherwise) but requiring 
the Representative of the Noteholders, in the event of a conflict between the interests of the holders of 
different Classes of Notes, to have regard only to the interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class of 
Notes then outstanding. 
In some circumstances, in respect of each Series, the relevant Notes may become subject to early 
redemption. Early redemption of the Notes of a Series in some cases may be dependent upon receipt by 
the Representative of the Noteholders of a direction from, or resolution of, a specified proportion of the 
relevant Noteholders or a specified proportion of a specified Class of Noteholders of such Series. If the 
economic interest of a Noteholder represents a relatively small proportion of the majority and its individual 
vote is contrary to the majority vote, its direction or vote may be of no practical effect and, if a 
determination is made by the requisite majority of the Noteholders to redeem the Notes, the minority 
Noteholders may face early redemption of the Notes against their will. 
Expected maturity of the Rated Notes 
The Issuer will redeem the Rated Notes at their Principal Amount Outstanding, plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest, on the applicable Final Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). In 
accordance with the mandatory redemption provisions applicable to the Notes of any Series, as specified 
in Condition 8.2 (Mandatory Redemption), if, on any Payment Dates, there are sufficient Series Available 
Funds, full redemption of the Rated Notes of such Series is expected to be achieved. There can be no 
assurance, however, that redemption in full, or at all, will be achieved on such Payment Dates.  
In particular, the redemption in full of the Rated Notes may be achieved prior to such dates as a result of 
the occurrence of circumstances in which the Loan Agreements may be terminated (by prepayment, early 
termination or otherwise) prior to their scheduled redemption dates. 
Euro System Eligibility 
 
The Class A Notes are intended to be issued in a manner which will allow for participation in the 
Eurosystem liquidity scheme. However, there is no guarantee the Class A Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the Class A 
Notes satisfying the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (as amended from time to time).  
 
In this respect, it should be noted that in accordance with their policies, neither the ECB nor the central 
banks of the Eurozone will confirm the eligibility of the Class A Notes for the above purpose prior to their 
issuance or to their rating and listing and if the Rated Notes are accepted for such purpose, the relevant 
central bank may amend or withdraw any such approval in relation to the Rated Notes at any time. The 
assessment and/or decision as to whether the Class A Notes qualify as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rests with the relevant central bank. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTORS 3: RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE SERIES SWAP 
AGREEMENT (IF ANY) 
Risk connected to the termination of the Series Swap Agreement  
Should the Series Swap Counterparty in respect of such Series, fail to provide the Issuer with all amounts 
owing to the Issuer (if any) on any payment date under the relevant Series Swap Agreement, then the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments of principal and interest on the Rated Notes of the 
relevant Series. However, prospective investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that if the Issuer is not able 
to make payments of interest due on the Rated Notes of a Series, such non-payment could constitute a

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Transaction Acceleration Event under such Notes and cause the Representative of the Noteholders to 
serve to the Issuer a Transaction Acceleration Notice in respect of all Notes of such Series. 
Each of the Series Swap Counterparties will be entitled, under certain circumstances, to terminate the 
Series Swap Agreement if (i) it is obliged to gross up payments following any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any taxes or (ii) it receives a payment in respect of which an amount is required to 
be deducted or withheld for or on account of any taxes. 
Each Series Swap Agreement will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which 
will entitle either party to terminate the relevant Series Swap Agreement. For instance, the Issuer may 
terminate a Series Swap Agreement, inter alia, if the relevant Series Swap Counterparty is downgraded 
below certain rating thresholds set out in the relevant Series Swap Agreement and the Series Swap 
Counterparty fails to take such action as it is required in the Series Swap Agreement to remedy such 
downgrade. 
If a Series Swap Agreement is terminated for any reason, the Issuer may be required to pay an amount 
to the relevant Series Swap Counterparty as a result of the termination. Following such termination, any 
payments by the Issuer to the Series Swap Counterparty will be made in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
Insolvency of the Series Swap Counterparty 
This section refers to the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and to any replacement counterparty.  
If the relevant Series Swap Counterparty was to be subject to a resolution process under Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council providing for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as implemented in 
relevant country, such process might have an impact on the liabilities owed (as the case may be) by such 
Series Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Series Swap Agreement. 
In addition, if a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding or a liquidation procedure were to be opened 
in the relevant country with respect to the relevant Series Swap Counterparty, such procedure might have 
an impact on the payment of the liabilities owed (as the case may be) by such Series Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer under the Series Swap Agreement. 
In the circumstances described above, the Issuer may not receive some or all of any amount due to it 
from the Series Swap Counterparty under the Series Swap Agreement which would adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations including those due to Noteholders. 
 
Tax risks relating to the Series Swap Agreement  
 
The Series Swap Counterparty will be obliged to make payments under the Series Swap Agreement 
without any withholding or deduction of taxes unless required by law. If any such withholding or deduction 
is required by law, the Series Swap Counterparty will be required to pay such additional amount as is 
necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Issuer will equal the full amount that the 
Issuer would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required (unless the relevant 
withholding or deduction relates to a FATCA Withholding Tax (as defined in the Series Swap Agreement). 
The Series Swap Agreement will provide, however, that in case of a Tax Event (as defined in the Series 
Swap Agreement), the Series Swap Counterparty may transfer its rights and obligations to another of its 
offices, branches or affiliates to avoid the relevant Tax Event. If the Series Swap Counterparty is unable 
to transfer its rights and obligations under the Series Swap Agreement to another office, branch or 
affiliate, it will have the right to terminate the relevant transaction. Upon such termination, the Issuer or 
the Series Swap Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other party. See the 
risk factor “Termination of the Series Swap Agreement” above.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Ratings downgrade of the Series Swap Counterparty   
In the event that the Series Swap Counterparty is downgraded below certain levels as set out in the 
Series Swap Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the Series Swap Agreement if the Series Swap 
Counterparty fails to take (or fails to make endeavours to take, as applicable in accordance with the terms 
of the Series Swap Agreement) certain remedial measures within the timeframes stipulated in the Series 
Swap Agreement. Such remedial measures may include providing collateral for its obligations under the 
Series Swap Agreement, arranging for its obligations under the Series Swap Agreement to be transferred 
to an entity with the required ratings (or guaranteed by an entity with the required ratings) or procuring 
another entity with the required ratings to become guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Series 
Swap Agreement. However, in the event the Series Swap Counterparty is downgraded there can be no 
assurance that a guarantor or replacement swap counterparty will be found or that the amount of collateral 
provided will be sufficient to meet the Series Swap Counterparty’s obligations. Unless one or more 
comparable replacement interest rate caps are entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to 
make payments due on the Notes, and the Rated Notes may also be downgraded. 
Risks relating to replacement swap agreements 
If a replacement swap agreement is entered into following termination of the initial Series Swap 
Transaction, this may be on terms less favourable to the Issuer and therefore may mean that reduced 
amounts are available for distribution by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including, inter alia, the 
Noteholders). The Issuer may not be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement 
swap counterparty immediately or at a later date. If a replacement swap counterparty cannot be found, 
the risk of a difference between the rate of interest to be received by the Issuer on the Receivables and 
the rate of interest payable by the Issuer on the Rated Notes will not be hedged, and so the funds available 
to the Issuer to pay any interest on the Notes may be insufficient. In these circumstances, the holders of 
Notes may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest payments to be received by them, and the 
Rated Notes may also be downgraded. 
Veto rights of the Series Swap Counterparty    
In the event that a Series Swap Agreement is entered into in respect of a Transaction with a Series Swap 
Counterparty, certain veto rights may be provided in favour of such Swap Counterparty in the relevant 
Series Intercreditor Agreement. In such circumstance, in the event that there is a conflict between the 
interests of such Series Swap Counterparty and the interests of the Noteholders of the relevant Series, 
the Representative of the Noteholders shall follow the instructions of the Series Swap Counterparty 
exercising the relevant veto rights. 
Conflict of interest may influence the performance by the parties to the Programme of their respective 
obligations and ultimately affect the interests of the Noteholders. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTORS 4: RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE PORTFOLIO 
Claw back of the sales of the Receivables 
A transfer, pursuant to Article 4 of the Securitisation Law and article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law, may be 
subject to a claw-back action by a judicial liquidator of the transferor: (i) if the sale is not undervalued, 
within three months following the transfer if: (a) the transferor was insolvent at the time of the transfer; 
and (b) the liquidator can prove that the transferee was, or ought to have been, aware of such insolvency; 
or (ii) if the sale is undervalued, within six months following the transfer if: (a) the transferor was insolvent 
at the time of the transfer; and (b) the transferee cannot prove that it was not, or ought not to have been, 
aware of such insolvency.  
 
Accordingly, if the Originator was insolvent at the date of the execution of the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement with reference to the First Portfolio or at the 
time of the relevant Transfer Agreement with reference to each additional Portfolio, and the Issuer was,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
or ought to have been, aware of such insolvency, the transfer may, in certain circumstances, be subject 
to claw-back by a liquidator of the Originator.  
Insurance coverage 
All Loan Agreements are assisted by an Insurance Policy issued by leading insurance companies 
approved by the Originator. There can be no assurance that the insured losses will be covered in full for 
the benefit of the Issuer. Any loss incurred which is not covered (or which is not covered in full) by the 
relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of the Receivables and the ability of the Issuer 
to recover the full amount due under the relevant Loan. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 15 May 2014, the Council of the European Union approved the Directive 2014/59/EC establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 
2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No. 1093/2010 and (EU) 
No. 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "BRRD"). On 12 June 2014 the BRRD 
was published in the Official Journal of the European Union and on 2 July 2014 it entered into force. 
The aim of the BRRD is to lay down rules and procedures relating to the recovery and resolution of banks 
and investment firms by providing supervisory national authorities with common tools and powers to 
address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers' 
exposure to losses. 
The BRRD applies, inter alia, to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investments firms, and (iii) financial institutions 
that are established in the European Union when the financial institution is a subsidiary of a credit 
institution or investment firm and is covered by the supervision of the parent undertaking on a 
consolidated basis. 
A resolution authority will only be permitted to use resolution powers and tools in relation to an institution 
if all the conditions set out in Article 32 of the BRRD for resolution are satisfied. Such resolution powers 
and tools may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) 
an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest. 
The main resolution tools referred to in the BRRD are (a) the sale of business tool, (b) the bridge institution 
tool, (c) the asset separation tool and (d) the bail-in tool, which can be applied individually or in any 
combination by the relevant resolution authority.  
Member States were required to adopt and publish by 31 December 2014 the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with the BRRD, with the exception of the bail-in power 
which applies from 1 January 2016 at the latest. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees: (a) Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 which implements the BRRD in Italy, and (b) Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 
which amends the Consolidated Banking Act and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention 
and changes to the creditor hierarchy. Such Legislative Decrees were published on the Official Gazette 
on 16 November 2015 and entered into force on the same date, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applies 
from 1 January 2016; and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the 
deposit guarantee scheme and those of individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applies 
from 1 January 2019.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
BRRD may apply to some parties to the Transaction Documents. It should be noted that the powers set 
out in the BRRD may impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in 
certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Given the recent enactment of the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive in Italy, as at the date of this Base Prospectus it is not possible to precisely assess 
the potential impact of the BRRD, and the abovementioned legislative Decrees on each Transaction. 
Settlement of the over-indebtedness crisis (sovraindebitamento) under Law No. 3/2012 and the 
Code of Business Crisis and Insolvency 
Under Italian Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012 ("Disposizioni in materia di usura e di estorsione, nonché di 
composizione delle crisi da sovraindebitamento") (the "Law No. 3/2012"), in order to remedy situations 
in which a debtor is definitively not able to fully and timely fulfil its obligations ("sovraindebitamento"), a 
debtor may enter into a debt restructuring agreement ("Settlement Agreement") in the context of the 
settlement procedure provided for therein ("Settlement Procedure").  
In the event that a Debtor will obtain to be admitted to a Settlement Procedure, such circumstance may 
adversely and materially affects the ability of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer to recover the 
overdue amounts in respect of the Receivables owed by such Debtor. 
Moreover, the Italian Parliament with Legge Delega No. 155/2017, on 12 January 2019, pursuant to the 
Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019, has also approved a new code of business crisis and 
insolvency (the “Code of Business Crisis and Insolvency”) which sets out inter alia general rules 
applicable to the restructuring arrangements. 
Pusuant to article 57 of the Code of Business Crisis and Insolvency, a favourable vote of creditors 
representing at least 60% of the relevant claims is required for the approval of the draft restructuring 
arrangement. Subject to certain conditions, the draft arrangement may provide for a moratorium on 
payments due to those creditors not adhering to such arrangement for a period of up to one year. A judge 
could also award an automatic stay of up to 120 days with respect to the enforcement actions over the 
assets of the relevant debtor. Any restructuring agreement entered into in connection with a Debtor could 
accordingly restrict the rights of the Originator or Issuer to enforce against the relevant Debtor. 
Compounding of interest (anatocismo) 
There is a risk that the capitalisation of interest payable under the Loans on a quarterly basis may not 
comply with the requirements of article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code. There is inconsistent case law on 
this subject. However, if challenged by Debtors this could have a negative effect on the returns generated 
by the Issuer from the Loans and affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
 
Under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Originator has undertaken to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Issuer for any losses, costs and expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer in connection 
with any challenge in respect of the interest on interest.  
 
For further information kindly see the section entitled “Selected aspects of Italian law – Compounding of 
interest”.  
 
It should be noted that paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Consolidated Banking Act, concerning 
compounding of interest accrued in the context of banking transactions, has been amended by Law No. 
147 of 27 December 2013. In particular, such Law (become effective on 1 January 2014), seems to 
remove the possibility for compounding of interest. In this respect, Law Decree No. 91 of 24 June 2014 
converted into law by Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 (the "Decree No. 91"), has amended and replaced 
paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Consolidated Banking Law, stating that the C.I.C.R. has to establish the 
methods and criteria of compounding of interest accrued in the context of the transactions regulated 
under Title VI of the Consolidated Banking Act with a periodicity of not less than one year. On 3 August 
2016 the C.I.C.R. has issued such regulation.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Therefore, in the event that any of such losses, costs, and expenses arise, the Issuer could receive less 
collections on the Receivables than expected and, therefore may have insufficient amounts to repay in 
full principal and pay interest on the Notes. This would be particularly true if the Originator would default 
under its payments obligations under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (please also see in this 
respect the section “Credit risk on IBL Banca (acting as Servicer) and the other parties to the Series 
Documents relating to the relevant Transaction”). 
Italian Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Debtors under the Loans are subject to Italian 
law No. 108 of 7 March, 1996, as amended from time to time (the “Usury Law”), which introduced 
legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than certain rates. In addition, 
even where the applicable rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration 
may be held to be usurious if certain circumstances arise. The provision of usurious interest, advantages 
or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the usury rates.  
 
If the Loans are found to contravene the Usury Law, the Debtors might be able to claim relief on any 
interest previously paid and oblige the Issuer to accept a reduced rate of interest, or potentially no interest 
on the relevant Loan. In such cases, the ability of the Issuer to maintain scheduled payments of interest 
and principal on the Notes may be adversely affected. For further information kindly see the section 
entitled “Selected aspects of Italian law – Italian usury law”.  
 
The Originator has represented and warranted to the Issuer in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
that the provisions of the Loan Agreements comply with the Italian usury provisions. However, in the 
event that any of these representations and warranties were found to be untrue and/or any of such claims 
or counterclaim would be raised by the Debtors, the Issuer could receive less collections on the 
Receivables than expected and, therefore may have insufficient amounts to repay in full principal and 
pay interest on the Notes. This would be particularly true if the Originator would default under its payments 
obligations under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (please also see in this respect the section 
“Credit risk on IBL Banca (acting as Servicer) and the other parties to the Series Documents relating to 
the relevant Transaction”).  
No independent investigation in relation to the Receivables  
The Issuer is subject to the risk that, should any Receivable result to be defective, the cash-flows available 
to the Issuer could not be sufficient to make in full all payments due in respect of the Notes. 
In fact, the Issuer has entered into the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement with the Originator 
only on the basis of, and upon reliance on, the representations and warranties made by the Originator 
under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Neither the Issuer, nor the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers or any other party to the Programme (other than the Originator) has carried out any due 
diligence in respect of the Receivables and the relevant Loan Agreements. More generally, none of the 
Issuer, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers nor any other party to the Transaction Documents (other than 
the Originator) has undertaken or will undertake any other investigation, searches or other actions to 
verify the details of the Receivables sold by the Originator to the Issuer, nor has any of such persons 
undertaken, nor will any of them undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions to establish the 
creditworthiness of any Debtor. 
The only remedies of the Issuer in respect of the occurrence of a breach of a representation and warranty 
which materially and adversely affects the value of a Receivable will be the requirement that the Originator 
indemnifies the Issuer for the damages deriving therefrom or alternatively, at its option, repurchases the 
relevant Receivable. In particular, the indemnification obligations under the Programme Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement are unsecured claims of the Issuer and no assurance can be given that the 
Originator will pay the relevant amounts if and when due.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 5: MACRO ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISK 
Covid-19 pandemic and possible similar future outbreaks may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
The Covid-19 outbreak has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses around the 
world and the economic environments in which they operate. There are a number of factors associated 
with the outbreak and its impact on global economies that could have a material adverse effect on (among 
other things) the profitability, valuation and/or marketability of the Notes. 
The Covid-19 outbreak has caused disruption to a number of jurisdictions, including Italy, which have 
implemented certain restrictions with a resultant significant impact on economic activity in those 
jurisdictions. These restrictions are being determined by the governments of individual jurisdictions 
(including through the implementation of emergency powers) and impacts (including the timing of 
implementation and any subsequent lifting of restrictions) may vary from time to time. It remains unclear 
how this will evolve through 2022 and thereafter and, therefore, a Noteholder bears the risk that the 
market price of the Notes falls as a result of the general development of the market or that the Issuer will 
not be able to satisfy its obligations under the Notes such that the Noteholder may bear a loss in respect 
of its initial investment. 
Limited Secondary Market and liquidity risk 
There is not at present an active and liquid secondary market for the Rated Notes of any Series. The 
Senior Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.The offering of the Notes will be 
made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided under Regulation S of the Securities Act. No 
person is obliged or intends to register the Notes under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. 
Offers and sales of the Notes will be subject to significant restrictions on resale. In this respect, please 
refer to the section headed “Subscription, Sale and Selling Restrictions”.  
Although application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Rated Notes of any 
Series to be admitted to the official list and trading on its regulated market, there can be no assurance 
that a secondary market for any of the Notes of any Series will develop or, if a secondary market does 
develop, that it will provide the holders of the Notes of any Series with liquidity of investments or that any 
such liquidity will continue for the life of such Notes. Consequently, any purchaser of Notes of any Series 
must be prepared to hold such Notes until the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
In addition, illiquidity means that a Noteholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Notes readily or 
at a price that will enable the Noteholder to realise a desired yield. Illiquidity can have a severe adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes and cause significant fluctuations in market value which could 
result in significant losses to an investor. Any sale of the Notes by the Noteholders in any secondary 
market which may develop may be at a discount to the original purchase price of those Notes. In addition, 
whilst these market conditions persist, an investor in the Notes may not be able to sell or acquire credit 
protection on its Notes readily. 
Risk connected with the Political and economic developments in the Republic of Italy  
The financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Republic of Italy and companies 
incorporated in the Republic of Italy may be adversely affected by events outside their control, namely 
European law generally, any conflicts in the region or taxation and other political, economic or social 
developments in or affecting the Republic of Italy generally. Most of the Debtors, in fact, consists of public-
sector employees and pensioners (whose retirement income comes almost entirely from a state pension), 
so that the relevant Portfolios are particularly exposed to the public sector. This concentrated exposure 
to the health of the public sector implies that in a scenario of collapse of such sector, the Loans, such as 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be affected.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Risks connected with the political and economic decisions of EU and Euro-zone countries and 
the United Kingdom leaving the European Union (Brexit) may affect the performance of the 
Securitisation  
Concerns relating to credit risk (including that of sovereigns and of those entities which have exposure to 
sovereigns) persist, in particular with respect to current economic, monetary and political conditions in 
the Euro-zone. If such conditions further deteriorate (including as may be demonstrated by any relevant 
credit rating agency action, any default or restructuring of indebtedness by one or more states or 
institutions and/or any exit(s) by any member state(s) from the European Union and/or any changes to 
the Euro-zone), then these matters may cause further severe stress in the financial system generally 
and/or may adversely affect the Issuer, any of the other Transaction Parties and/or the Debtors. 
Pursuant to a referendum held in June 2016, the UK has voted to leave the European Union (“EU”) and, 
on 29 March 2017, the UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and officially notified the 
European Union of its decision to withdraw from the European Union. This commenced the formal two-
year process of   negotiations regarding the terms of the withdrawal and the framework of the future 
relationship between the UK and the European Union (the “Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement”). On 
31 January 2020 the UK and the European Union finalised and ratified the Article 50 Withdrawal 
Agreement. Part Four of the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement provided for a transition period which 
ended on 31 December 2020. The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 at 11 pm, and the transition period 
has ended on 31 December 2020 at 11 pm. As a result, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty 
on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The UK is also no longer part 
of the European Economic Area. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement”) which governs the relations between the EU and the UK following the end 
of the transition period and which had provisional application pending completion of ratification 
procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021.  
The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under powers provided in this Act ensure that 
there is a functioning statute book in the UK. While the UK introduced a temporary permission regime 
to allow EEA firms to continue to do business in the UK for a limited period of time, once the passporting 
regime fell away, the majority of EEA states have not introduced similar transitional regimes. The Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement is only part of the overall package of agreements reached on 24 December 
2020. Other supplementing agreements included a series of joint declarations on a range of important 
issues where further cooperation is foreseen, including financial services. The declarations state that the 
EU and the UK will discuss how to move forward with equivalence determinations in relation to financial 
services. It should be noted that even if equivalence arrangements for certain sectors of the financial 
services industry are agreed, market access is unlikely to be as comprehensive as the market access 
that the UK enjoyed through its EU membership. 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and the possibility that other European Union 
countries could hold similar referendums to the one held in the United Kingdom and/or call into question 
their membership of the European Union or prolonged periods of uncertainty connected to these 
eventualities could have significant negative impacts on global economic conditions and the stability of 
international financial markets. These could include further falls in equity markets, a further fall in the 
value of the Euro and, more in general, increase in financial markets volatility, reduction of global markets 
liquidities. 
This may affect receipts on the Loans. If the timing and payment of the Loans is adversely affected by 
any of the risks described in this paragraph, then payments on the Notes could be reduced and/or delayed 
and could ultimately result in losses on the Notes. 
 Geographic concentration risks 
 
The Loans have been granted to Debtors who, as at the execution date of the relevant Loan Agreement, 
were resident in Italy. A deterioration in economic conditions resulting in increased unemployment rates, 
consumer and commercial bankruptcy filings, a decline in the strength of national and local economies,

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
inflation and other results that negatively impact household incomes could have an adverse effect on 
the ability of the Debtors to make payments on the Loans and result in losses on the Notes. 
Loans comprised in the Portfolio may also be subject to geographic concentration risks within certain 
regions of Italy. To the extent that specific geographic regions in Italy have experienced, or may 
experience in the future, weaker regional economic conditions (due to local, national and/or global 
macroeconomic factors) than other regions in Italy, a concentration of the Loans in such a region may 
exacerbate the risks relating to the Loans described in this section. 
Impact of Russia-Ukraine war 
The Russia-Ukraine war started in February 2022 with the attack and invasion of Ukraine by Russia. 
The extent of the consequences of this war with regard to energy price increases and inflation as a 
whole on the one hand and trade restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, but also counter-reactions 
and the duration of such a conflict are not foreseeable at this time. This conflict could have significant 
adverse effects on European economy, the inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
Should any of these circumstances occur, the performance of the Portfolio may deteriorate and, as 
result, the amounts payable under the Notes might be affected. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 6: RISKS RELATING TO THE REGULATORY FRAMEWORK AND 
SECURITISATION REGULATION 
Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital requirements and/or decreased 
liquidity in respect of the Notes 
 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-backed 
securities industry. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are currently at 
various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge 
to certain investors in securitisation exposures and/or the incentives for certain investors to hold asset-
backed securities, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. Investors in the Notes are 
responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers or any other Transaction Party makes any representation to any prospective investor or 
purchaser of the Notes regarding the regulatory capital treatment of their investment in the Notes on the 
Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
 
Investors should note in particular that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) has 
approved a series of significant changes to the Basel framework for prudential regulation (such changes 
being referred to by the BCBS as Basel III, and referred to, colloquially, as Basel III in respect of reforms 
finalised prior to 7 December 2017 and Basel IV in respect of reforms finalised on or following that date). 
The Basel III and Basel IV reforms, which include revisions to the credit risk framework in general and 
the securitisation framework in particular, may result in increased regulatory capital and/or other 
prudential requirements in respect of securitisation positions. The BCBS continues to work on new policy 
initiatives. National implementation of the Basel III and Basel IV reforms may vary those reforms and/or 
their timing. It should also be noted that changes to prudential requirements have been made for 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency 
II framework in Europe. 
 
These changes may affect the regulatory treatment applicable to the Notes. Investors in the Notes are 
responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and prudential regulation treatment applicable to 
the Notes and should consult their own advisers in this respect. 
 
Non-compliance with the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as 
applicable, may have an adverse impact on the regulatory treatment of the Notes and/or decrease 
liquidity of the Notes 
 
The EU Securitisation Regulation applies in general (subject to certain grandfathering) from 1 January 
2019. The EU Securitisation Regulation establishes certain common rules for all securitisations that fall 
within its scope (including recast of pre-1 January 2019 risk retention and investor due diligence regimes). 
However, some legislative measures necessary for the full implementation of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation regime have not yet been finalised and compliance with certain requirements is subject to the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
application of transitional provisions. In addition, some uncertainty remains in relation to the interpretation 
of some of these requirements and what is or will be required to demonstrate compliance to national 
regulators. 
 
The UK Securitisation Regulation (which largely mirrors, with some adjustments, the EU Securitisation 
Regulation) applies in the UK (subject to the temporary transitional relief being available in certain areas) 
from the end of the transition period in the Brexit process at the start of 2021. 
 
The EU Securitisation Regulation and/or the UK Securitisation Regulation requirements will apply to the 
Notes. As such, certain European-regulated institutional investors or UK-regulated institutional investors, 
which include relevant credit institutions, investment firms, authorised alternative investment fund 
managers, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, certain undertakings for the collective investment of 
transferable securities and certain regulated pension funds (institutions for occupational retirement 
provision), are required to comply under article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or article 5 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, with certain due diligence requirements prior to holding a 
securitisation position and on an ongoing basis while holding the position. Among other things, prior to 
holding a securitisation position, such institutional investors are required to verify under their respective 
EU or UK regime certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant transaction parties with credit 
granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements and, on transactions notified as EU 
STS or UK STS, compliance of that transaction with the EU or UK STS requirements, as applicable. If 
the relevant European- or UK-regulated institutional investor elects to acquire or holds the Notes having 
failed to comply with one or more of these requirements, as applicable to them under their respective EU 
or UK regime, this may result in the imposition of a penal capital charge on the Notes for institutional 
investors subject to regulatory capital requirements or a requirement to take a corrective action, in the 
case of a certain type of regulated fund investors. Aspects of the requirements of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation and what is or will be required to demonstrate 
compliance to national regulators remain unclear. Prospective investors should therefore make 
themselves aware of the requirements applicable to them in their respective jurisdictions and are required 
to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in this Base 
Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with such due diligence requirements under the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant or the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, as applicable. 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that under the Securitisation it has not been contractually agreed 
to comply with the transparency requirements of the UK Securitisation Regulation. Prospective investors 
should also note that there can be no assurance that the information in this Base Prospectus or to be 
made available to investors in accordance with article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation will be 
adequate for any prospective institutional investors to comply with their due diligence obligations under 
the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
 
Prospective investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position, and should 
consult their own advisers in this respect. 
 
Default Risk in relation to the EU Securitisation Regulation  
 
In the event that IBL Banca breaches its undertaking to retain on an ongoing basis a material net 
economic interest in the Securitisation of not less than 5% in accordance with the requirements of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation the transaction would cease to be compliant with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation which may result in penalties including fines, other administrative sanctions and possibly 
criminal sanctions being imposed and would also affect the liquidity of the Notes. In this regard, potential 
noteholders should note that it is expected that IBL Banca will use the Notes retained by it as collateral 
for secured funding purposes in a manner permitted under the EU Securitisation Regulation. It is possible 
that the transaction may cease to satisfy the requirements of article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
should the enforcement of that security or any consequences arising from those dealings result in IBL 
Banca ceasing to retain the requisite level of material net economic interest in the Securitisation.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
The STS designation impacts on regulatory treatment of the Notes 
 
Each Transaction is intended to qualify as a simple, transparent and standardised (STS) securitisation 
within the meaning of article 18 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. Consequently, each Transaction 
meets, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the requirements of articles 19 to 22 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation (the “EU STS Requirements”) and, prior to each Issue Date, will be notified 
by the Originator to be included in the list published by ESMA referred to in article 27(5) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation (the “STS Notification”). Pursuant to article 27(2) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the STS Notification includes an explanation by the Originator of how each of the EU STS 
Requirements has been complied with in the Securitisation. The STS Notification will be available for 
download on 
the ESMA website (being, as at the 
date of 
this 
Base Prospectus, 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_stsre) (the “ESMA 
STS Register”). 
The Notes can also qualify as STS under Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Securitisation Regulation”) until maturity, 
provided that the Notes remain on the ESMA STS Register and continue to meet the EU STS 
Requirements. 
The Originator has used the service of Prime Collateralised Securities (PCS) EU SAS (“PCS”), as a 
third party verifying STS compliance authorised under article 28 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, in 
connection with an assessment of the compliance of the Notes with the EU STS Requirements (the “STS 
Verification”) and to prepare an assessment of compliance of the Notes with the relevant provisions of 
article 243 of the CRR (the “CRR Assessment” and, together with the STS Verification, the “STS 
Assessments”). It is expected that the STS Assessments prepared by PCS will be available on the 
PCS website (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://pcsmarket.org/sts-verification-
transactions) together with a detailed explanation of its scope at https://pcsmarket.org/disclaimer/. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this PCS website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
It is important to note that the involvement of PCS as an authorised verification agent is not mandatory 
and the responsibility for compliance with the EU Securitisation Regulation (or, if applicable, the UK 
Securitisation Regulation) remains with the relevant institutional investors, originators and issuers, as 
applicable in each case. The STS Assessments will not absolve such entities from making their own 
assessment  with respect to the EU Securitisation Regulation (or, if applicable, the UK Securitisation 
Regulation) and the STS Assessments cannot be relied on to determine compliance with the foregoing 
regulations in the absence of such assessments by the relevant entities. 
It is not an indication of the suitability of the Notes for any investor and/or a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold Notes. Institutional investors that are subject to the due diligence requirements of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation need to make their own independent 
assessment and may not solely rely on the STS Assessments, the STS Notification or other disclosed 
information. 
None of the Issuer, the Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
makes any representation or accepts any liability for the Securitisation to qualify as an STS-
securitisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation and/or the UK Securitisation Regulation at any 
point in time. 
The Originator intends to rely on an exemption from U.S. Risk Retention  
The U.S. Risk Retention Rules came into effect on 24 December 2016 and generally require the 
“sponsor” of a “securitization transaction” to retain at least 5 per cent. of the “credit risk” of “securitized 
assets”, as such terms are defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and generally prohibit the sponsor 
from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise transferring 
the credit risk that the sponsor is required to retain. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules also provide for 
certain exemptions from the risk retention obligation that they generally impose.  
Each Transaction will not involve risk retention by the Originator for the purposes of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules, but rather will be made in reliance on the safe harbor exemption for certain non-U.S. 
transactions set forth in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the 
Securities Act; (2) no more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in 
which the securities are issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are 
sold or transferred to U.S. Persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as “Risk Retention U.S. Persons”) or for the account or benefit of 
Risk Retention U.S. Persons; (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is 
organised under U.S. law, is a branch or office of an entity organized under U.S. law, or is a branch or 
office of a non-U.S. organized entity located in the United States; and (4) no more than 25 per cent. of 
the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or issuer 
organised or located in the United States.  
Each Transaction provides that the Notesof of the relevant Series may not be purchased by Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons. Prospective investors should note that whilst the definition of “U.S. person” in 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially similar to the definition of “U.S. person” in Regulation S, 
the definitions are not identical and persons who are not “U.S. persons” under Regulation S may be 
“U.S. persons” under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  
Each holder of a Note or a beneficial interest therein acquired in the primary offering by its acquisition 
of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will be deemed, and, in certain circumstances, will be required 
to represent to the Issuer, the Originator, the Co-Arrangers and the relevant Subscriber(s) that it (1) is 
not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own 
account and not with a view to distribute such Note and (3) is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial 
interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
(including acquiring such Note through a non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, rather than a Risk Retention 
U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade the 10 per cent. Risk Retention U.S. Person limitation in the 
safe harbor exemption for non-U.S. transactions set forth in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules described 
herein).  
There can be no assurance that the exemption of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. 
transactions will be available. Failure of each Transaction to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
(regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action which may 
adversely affect the Notesof of any Series. Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on 
the securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk 
retention requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and 
secondary market liquidity of the Notes of any Series.  
The Originator makes no representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes and none 
of the Subscribers, the Co-Arrangers or any of their respective affiliates takes any responsibility 
whatsoever as to whether the transactions described in this Base Prospectus comply as a matter of fact 
with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on each Issue Date or at any time in the future. Investors should 
consult their own advisers as to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No predictions can be made as to the 
precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Volcker Rule may restrict the ability of relevant individual prospective purchaser to invest in the 
Notes 
The Issuer is being structured so as not to constitute a “covered fund” for purposes of the regulations 
adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act (such statutory provision together with such 
implementing regulations, the “Volcker Rule”). 
The Volcker Rule generally prohibits “banking entities” broadly defined to include U.S. banks, bank 
holding companies and foreign banking organisations, together with their respective subsidiaries and 
other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading in financial instruments, (ii) acquiring or retaining 
any “ownership interest” in, or in “sponsoring” a “covered fund” and (iii) entering into certain transactions 
with such funds subject to certain exemptions and exclusions. 
An “ownership interest” is defined widely and may arise through a holder’s exposure to the profits and 
losses of the “covered fund”, as well as through certain rights of the holder to participate in the selection 
or removal of an investment advisor, investment manager, or general partner, trustee, or member of the 
board of directors of the “covered fund”. A “covered fund” is defined widely, and includes any issuer 
which would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, but is exempt from

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
registration solely in reliance on section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of that act, subject to certain exemptions 
provide by the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations. 
Not all investment vehicles or funds, however, fall within the definition of a “covered fund” for the 
purposes of the Volcker Rule. For example, for most non-U.S. banking entities, a non-U.S. issuer that 
offers its securities only to non-U.S. persons may be considered not to be a “covered fund. Additionally, 
the Issuer should not be a “covered fund” for the purposes of the regulations adopted to implement 
Section 619 of the Volcker Rule, and also should be able to rely on an exemption from the definition of 
investment company under Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the Investment Company Act, although there may be 
additional exclusions or exemptions available to the Issuer. However, if the Issuer is deemed to be a 
“covered fund”, the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions, will severely limit 
the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer or enter into certain credit 
related financial transactions with the Issuer and this could adversely impact the ability of the banking 
entity to enter into new transactions with the Issuer and may require amendments to certain existing 
transactions and arrangements. “Ownership interest” is defined to include, among other things, interests 
arising through a holder’s exposure to profits and losses in the covered fund or through any right of the 
holder to participate in the selection of an investment manager or advisor or the board of directors of 
such covered fund. 
The Volcker Rule and any similar measures introduced in another relevant jurisdiction may restrict the 
ability of relevant individual prospective purchasers to invest in the Notes of any Series. There is limited 
interpretive guidance regarding the Volcker Rule, and implementation of the regulatory framework for 
the Volcker Rule is still evolving. The Volcker Rule’s prohibitions and lack of interpretive guidance could 
negatively impact the price and the liquidity of the Notes of any Series. Any entity that is a “banking 
entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in “ownership interests” of 
the Issuer should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in 
respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
Each investor must determine for itself whether it is a “banking entity” subject to regulation under the 
Volcker Rule. If investment by “banking entities” in the Notes of any Series is prohibited or restricted by 
the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Notes. None of the Issuer, the 
Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents makes any 
representation regarding (i) the status of the Issuer under the Volcker Rule or (ii) the ability of any 
purchaser to acquire or hold the Notes, now or at any time in the future. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 7: RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY CONCERN 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation 
European Regulation 648/2012 of 4 July 2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation 
("EMIR") entered into force on 16 August 2012. Certain changes to EMIR are introduced pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 2019/834 and references to “EMIR” below are construed accordingly. 
Among other things, EMIR imposes on “financial counterparties” a general obligation (the Clearing 
Obligation) to clear through a duly authorised or recognised central counterparty all “eligible” OTC 
derivative contracts entered into with other counterparties subject to the Clearing Obligation. They must 
also report the details of all derivative contracts to a trade repository (the Reporting Obligation) and 
undertake certain risk-mitigation techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts which are not cleared 
by a central counterparty such as timely confirmation of terms, portfolio reconciliation and compression 
and the implementation of dispute resolution procedures (the Risk Mitigation Obligations). Non-cleared 
OTC derivatives entered into by financial counterparties must also be marked to market and collateral 
must be exchanged. 
Non-financial counterparties are excluded from the Clearing Obligation and certain Risk Mitigation 
Obligations provided that the gross notional value of all derivative contracts entered into by the non-
financial counterparty and other non-financial counterparties within its “group” (as defined in EMIR), 
excluding eligible hedging transactions, do not exceed certain thresholds. If the Issuer is considered to 
be a member of such a “group” (as defined in EMIR) and if the notional value of derivative contracts

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
entered into by the Issuer or other non-financial counterparties within any such group exceeds the 
applicable threshold, the Issuer would be subject to the clearing obligation. Whilst each Series Swap 
Agreement entered into by the Issuer is expected to be treated as a hedging transaction and deducted 
from the total in assessing whether the notional value of derivative contracts entered by the Issuer or its 
“group”, the regulator may take a different view. 
If the Issuer exceeds the applicable clearing thresholds, it would also be subject to the relevant risk 
mitigation obligations and would be required to post collateral in respect of non-cleared OTC derivative 
contracts. The Issuer may be unable to comply with such requirements, which could result in the 
termination of the relevant Series Swap Agreement. Any termination of the relevant Series Swap 
Agreement as a result of non-compliance with such requirements or as a result of the Issuer becoming a 
financial counterparty as described above or otherwise could expose the Issuer to costs and increased 
interest rate risk.  
 
It should also be noted that the Securitisation Regulation (which applied in general from 1 January 2019), 
among other things, makes provisions for the development of technical standards in connection with the 
EMIR regime specifying (i) an exemption from clearing obligations and (ii) a partial exemption from the 
collateral exchange obligations for non-cleared OTC derivatives, in each case for “simple, transparent 
and standardised” (STS) securitisation swaps (subject to the satisfaction of the relevant conditions). The 
final draft technical standards have been prepared by the European Supervisory Authorities and 
submitted to the European Commission in December 2018 and these are now subject to the EU political 
negotiation process. As a result, the time of entry into force and the date of application of the new technical 
standards is unknown at this point. 
Prior to the relevant Issue Date, IBL Banca intends to make the STS notification. However, until the final 
new technical standards referred to above are in force, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will 
meet the applicable exemption criteria provided therein. Notwithstanding the STS designation and the 
ability, as a result, to rely on the exemptions from clearing and collateral exchange obligations under the 
EMIR regime, the expectation is that the Issuer should not be required to comply with the EMIR collateral 
exchange obligations and clearing requirements for the reasons outlined above (as the Issuer is expected 
to be a non-financial counterparty below the “clearing threshold”). The STS designation and the related 
forthcoming exemptions from collateral exchange obligations and clearing requirements are only likely to 
become relevant should the status under the EMIR of the Issuer change from non-financial counterparty 
below the “clearing threshold” to non-financial counterparty above the “clearing threshold” or financial 
counterparty and, if applicable, should the Issuer be regarded as a type that is subject to EMIR clearing 
requirement. 
Recharacterisation of English Law fixed security interests  
There is a possibility that an English court could find that the fixed security interests expressed to be 
created by the Series Deed of Charge governed by English law could take effect as floating charges as 
the description given to them as fixed charges is not determinative. If the fixed security interests are 
recharacterised as floating security interests, the claims of (i) the unsecured creditors (if any) of the Issuer 
in respect of that part of the net property of the Issuer which is ring fenced as a result of the Enterprise 
Act 2002 and (ii) certain statutorily defined preferential creditors of the Issuer may have priority over the 
rights of the Representative of the Noteholders (acting as security trustee) to the proceeds of enforcement 
of such security. In addition, the expenses of any administration would also rank ahead of the claims of 
the Representative of the Noteholders (acting as security trustee) as floating charge holder and any 
administrator would be free to dispose of floating charge (and fixed charge) assets without the leave of 
the court.  
Whether the fixed security interests will be upheld as fixed security interests rather than floating security 
interests will depend, amongst other things, on whether the Representative of the Noteholders (acting as 
security trustee) has the requisite degree of control over the Issuer’s ability to deal in the relevant assets 
and the proceeds thereof and, if so, whether such control is exercised by the Representative of the 
Noteholders (acting as security trustee) in practice. Where the Issuer is free to deal with the secured 
assets, or any proceeds received on realisation of the secured assets, without the consent of the chargee,

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
the court would be likely to hold that the security interest in question constitutes a floating charge, 
notwithstanding that it may be described as a fixed charge. 
CATEGORY OF RISK FACTOR 8: RISKS RELATING TO TAX CONSIDERATION 
Withholding tax under the Rated Notes 
Payments of interest and other proceeds under the Notes may in certain circumstances, described in the 
section headed “Taxation” of this Base Prospectus, be subject to a Decree 239 Deduction. In such a 
circumstance, interest payment relating to the Notes of any Class may be subject to a Decree 239 
Deduction. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Decree 239 Deduction, if applicable is levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent., or such lower rate as may be applicable under the relevant double taxation treaty.  
 
In the event that any Decree 239 Deduction or any other deduction or withholding for or on account of 
tax is imposed in respect of payments to Noteholders of amounts due pursuant to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall not be obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate Noteholders for the lesser amounts that the 
same Noteholders shall receive as a result of the imposition of any such deduction or withholding, or 
otherwise to pay any additional amounts to any of the Noteholders. 
Tax treatment of the Issuer  
Taxable income of the Issuer is determined without any special rights in accordance with Italian 
Presidential Decree number 917 of 22 December 1986 ("Decree 917"). On the basis of the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 March 2000 and on 22 December 2014, which should apply to the 
drafting of the financial statements of the Issuer, the assets and liabilities and the costs and revenues of 
the Issuer in relation to the securitisation of the Receivables will be treated as off-balance sheet assets 
and liabilities, costs and revenues (except for overhead and general expenses and any amount that the 
Issuer may apply out of the relevant Series Available Funds for the payment of such overhead and 
general expenses). Based on the general rules applicable to the calculation of the net taxable income of 
a company, such taxable income should be calculated on the basis of accounting, i.e. on-balance sheet 
earnings, subject to such adjustments as are specifically provided for by applicable income tax rules and 
regulations. On this basis, no taxable income should accrue to the Issuer in the context of the 
Securitisation. 
On 24 October 2002, the Revenue Agency – Regional Direction of Lombardy, released a private ruling 
with reference to some aspects of the Italian taxation of a securitisation vehicle. According to the private 
ruling, the Agency claimed that the net result of a securitisation transaction is taxable as issuer's taxable 
income "to the extent that the relevant securitisation transaction is structured in such a way that a net 
income is available to the vehicle after having discharged all its obligations". Moreover, the Agenzia delle 
Entrate (the "Agency"), with Circular number 8/E of 6 February 2003, has taken the position that only 
amounts, if any, available to securitisation vehicles after fully discharging their obligations to the 
noteholders and any other creditors of the securitisation vehicles in respect of any costs, fees and 
expenses in relation to securitisation transactions should be imputed for tax purposes to the securitisation 
vehicles. Consequently, according to the quoted position of the Agency, the Issuer should not have any 
taxable income if no amounts are available to the Issuer after discharging all its obligations deriving from 
and connected to the Securitisation. 
It is however possible that the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance or another competent authority 
may issue regulations, circular letters or generally binding rules relating to the Securitisation Law which 
might alter or affect, or that any competent authority or court may take a different view with respect to, 
the tax position of the Issuer, as described above. 
Interest accrued on the accounts opened by the Issuer in the Republic of Italy with any Italian resident 
bank or any Italian branch of a non-Italian resident bank (including the Issuer Collection Account, the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Payments Account and the Expenses Account) will be subject to an advance withholding tax which is 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Registration Tax  
The transfer of the Receivables under the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement is subject to 
registration tax which will be payable at a rate varying from the fixed amount of Euro 200.00 to no more 
than 0.5 per cent of the amount of the Receivables transferred thereunder. The fixed amount of Euro 
200.00 will apply in the event that (i) the transfer is made for consideration for VAT purpose and (ii) the 
transaction is made for financial purposes by the parties. In the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement IBL Banca has represented and warranted to the Issuer that it entered into such documents 
and made the transfer of the Receivables thereunder for financial purposes. Furthermore, in this respect 
the Originator has already paid as fixed amount the registration tax for each notarial transfer deed entered 
into in the context of the Programme as at the date of this Base Prospectus (i.e. the transfer deed for 
Receivables owed by public administrations, before the changes made to the Italian Securitisation Law 
by the Decree 145).  
In addition, in respect of any Transaction, in order to mitigate the risk connected to the application of the 
registration tax (which could result in the Issuer not having sufficient funds to repay the Noteholders of 
the relevant Series), the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement provides (and each relevant 
Transfer Agreement will provide) that the Originator shall bear, and shall indemnify the Issuer in respect 
of, any registration tax or any other tax applicable to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and such Transfer Agreement. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA 
(“FATCA”), a “foreign financial institution” (including entities such as the Issuer) may be required to 
withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements.  
 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the Italian IGA, the Issuer will not be required to 
enter into an agreement with the IRS or withhold under FATCA from payments it makes on the Notes if 
it complies with the terms of the Italian IGA. However if (i) the placement of the Notes is not performed 
by a Reporting Italian Financial Institution (a “RIFI”), or (ii) the Notes are not sold by the Issuer to a RIFI, 
or (iii) the Notes are not subscribed for by the Issuer and are held among its assets (“mantenute nel 
proprio attivo dello stato patrimoniale”), the Issuer maybe required to register with the IRS and comply 
with any Italian legislation that would be implemented to give effect to such IGA. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer).  
 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax (including under FATCA) were to be deducted or withheld 
from interest or principal on the Notes or other payments from a Party to this Transaction as a result of a 
holder’s failure to comply with these rules, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
would, pursuant to the Conditions or any other Transaction Documents, be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. 
EACH NOTEHOLDER OF SENIOR NOTES SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN 
A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND TO LEARN HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT 
EACH NOTEHOLDER IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCE

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
TRANSACTION DIAGRAM 
The following is a diagram showing the structure of each Transaction under the Programme as of the 
date hereof. It is intended to illustrate to prospective noteholders a scheme of the principal transactions 
contemplated in the context of the Programme and of each Transaction. 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
Proceeds 
  
Receivables 
Purchase Price 
of the Portfolios 
Collections 
 
Originator 
(IBL Banca) 
Issuer  
(Marzio Finance) 
Representative of the 
Noteholders 
(Banca Finint) 
 
 
Class A Notes 
Class B Notes 
(if any) 
 
Servicer, 
Corporate 
Servicer, 
Calculation 
Agent, 
Collection 
Account 
Bank, 
Programm
e 
Administrat
or and 
Cash 
Manager 
(IBL 
Italian Paying 
Agent and 
Transaction 
Bank 
(CITIBANK 
N.A., Milan 
Branch) 
Back-up 
Servicer and 
Back-up 
Calculation 
Agent  
(Zenith 
Service) 
Quotaholder 
(SPE Management) 
Mandate 
Agreement 
 
 
Principal 
Paying Agent 
and Investment 
Account Bank 
(CITIBANK 
N.A.,London 
Branch) 
Debtors 
Class J Notes 
Series Swap 
Counterparty  
(if any) 
 
Master 
Servicer  
(IBL 
Servicing)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
REGULATORY DISCLOSURE AND RETENTION UNDERTAKING 
 
On 12 December 2017 the European Parliament and the European Council adopted the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/2402 (the "EU Securitisation Regulation"), laying down inter alia a general framework for 
securitisations, including with respect to the retention of a net economic interest in the securitisation by 
originators, sponsors or original lenders. The EU Securitisation Regulation was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 28 December 2017 and it will apply to securitisations whose notes are 
issued on or after 1 January 2019.  
Pursuant to article 6 and 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, originators, sponsors or original lenders 
shall be required, inter alia, to retain at least 5 per cent of net economic interest in a securitisation. 
"Retention and Transparency Rules" means articles 6 and 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the 
Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 ("Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche") as amended from time 
to time, issued by the Bank of Italy, together with any applicable guidance, technical standards or related 
documents published by the European Banking Authority (including its predecessor, the Committee of 
European Banking Supervisors, and any successor or replacement agency or authority) and any 
delegated regulations of the European Commission in connection thereof and any other laws or 
regulations providing for retention and due diligence requirements in respect of securitisation 
transactions, as from to time applicable and/or amended or supplemented. 
Please refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” for further information on the implications of article 6 of 
the Securitisation Regulation.  
Retention statement  
 
The Originator, will retain, with effect from the Issue Date of each Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme, and maintain on an ongoing basis at least 5 per cent of net economic interest in accordance 
with one of the options provided for under article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation – as specified in 
the Final Terms applicable to such Series.  
 
The method applied by IBL Banca for retaining a net economic interest in each Transaction carried out 
under the Programme as at the relevant Issue Date of the Notes of each Series (as specified in the Final 
Terms applicable to such Notes) will be compliant with the Retention and Transparency Rules. 
For so long as the Notes of each Series are outstanding the Originator shall also comply with the 
disclosure duties specified in article 7(1)(e), sub-paragraph (iii) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. For 
such purpose, the Originator has undertaken to make available to the Noteholders and any prospective 
investors in the Notes, through the Sec Reg Investor Report, the information required by article 7(1)(e) 
sub-paragraph (iii) of the EU Securitisation Regulation (including, in particular, the information regarding 
the net economic interest from time to time held by the Originator in the Securitisation) and has 
undertaken to provide to the Calculation Agent all of the information needed for it to prepare the Sec Reg 
Investor Report. It is understood that the Sec Reg Investor Report shall be deemed to have been 
produced on behalf of the Originator, under the Originator’s full responsibility. 
IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, has undertaken in the Programme Intercreditor Agreement to the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders and will undertake in each Series Subscription 
Agreement to the relevant Subscriber(s) that, in respect of any Transaction and any Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme: 
(1) 
it will retain at the origination and maintain on an ongoing basis at least 5 per cent of net economic 
interest in accordance with one of the options provided for under article 6 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation (or any permitted alternative method thereafter), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and provide adequate disclosure to the Noteholders in accordance with any applicable 
Retention and Transparency Rules; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(2) 
it will provide adequate disclosure to the Noteholders of each relevant Series and comply with 
any other undertakings or requirements provided for the originators of securitisation transactions 
under any applicable Retention and Transparency Rules. 
Furthermore, in the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has undertaken that prospective 
investors will have readily available access to all information as it would be necessary to conduct 
comprehensive and well informed stress tests, in accordance with the Retention and Transparency Rules, 
as implemented from time to time. 
In the light of the above, the Originator will make available on or about the Issue Date of each Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme, and will make available on a quarterly basis, the information required 
under the Retention and Transparency Rules, as implemented from time to time, which will not form part 
of this Base Prospectus but may be of assistance to certain categories of prospective investors before 
investing and which is specified under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement.  
Disclosure Obligation 
 
In accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has been designated as 
"Reporting Entity", pursuant to and for the purposes of article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
In such capacity, the Originator, under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, (i) has confirmed that it 
will make available all relevant reports and information required to be delivered to the investors in the 
Notes of each Series on or prior to the pricing of each Transaction pursuant to article 7(1) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation by electronic means on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/) and (ii) has undertaken to make available the 
reports and information received from the relevant parties under the Transaction Documents on an on-
going basis pursuant to article 7(1) letters (a), (e), (f) and (g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation on the 
website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
With reference to the Sec Reg Investor Report, under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, the Originator has undertaken to provide the Calculation Agent with all the information 
needed to prepare the Sec Reg Investor Report, including the information about the risk retained and 
information on which of the modalities provided for in Article 6(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation has 
been applied. It is understood that the Sec Reg Investor Report shall be deemed to have been produced 
on behalf of the Originator, under the Originator’s full responsibility.  
Moreover, the Originator has undertaken that any of such information, following the Issue Date of each 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme, will: 
(i) 
be 
published, 
on 
a 
monthly 
basis, 
on 
the 
Originator’s 
web 
site 
(www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations) and included in the Investors Report of the relevant 
Transaction on the basis and to the extent of the information received by the Master 
Servicer in the relevant Servicer’s Report. It is understood that the Investors Report shall 
be deemed to have been produced on behalf of the Originator, under the Originator’s full 
responsibility, with reference to the information described in this section that the Originator 
has the obligation to make available to investors under the Retention and Transparency 
Rules; 
(ii) 
with reference to the further information which from time to time may be deemed 
necessary under the Retention and Trasparency Rules in accordance with the market 
practice and not covered under (i) above (if any), be published on the Originator's website 
or through the Investor Report in accordance with paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
In addition, prospective investors may request via email to the riginator at the following address 
securitisation@iblbanca.it any additional information in accordance with article 7 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. 
 
Under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has undertaken that the retention 
requirement will not to be subject to any credit risk mitigation, any short position or any other hedge, 
within the limits of the Retention and Transparency Rules. 
 
Investors to assess compliance 
 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of 
the information described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of 
complying with article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, each of the provisions described 
above and any corresponding implementing measure which may be applicable, and none of the 
Issuer, IBL Banca (in its capacity as Originator and Servicer) nor the Co-Arrangers, the 
Subscribers or any other party to the Transaction Documents makes any representation that the 
information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all 
circumstances for such purposes. In addition, each prospective Noteholder should ensure that 
they comply with the implementing provisions in respect of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
 
Investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant 
jurisdiction, should seek guidance from their regulator.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
THE PORTFOLIOS  
Pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer, subject to the conditions set forth 
therein, shall purchase, from time to time, Portfolios of Receivables from the Originator, together with any other 
rights of the Originator to guarantees or security interests and any related rights that have been granted to the 
Originator to secure or ensure payments of any of the Receivables. 
The Receivables which will be comprised in each Portfolio to be transferred under the Programme by the 
Originator arise out of Loan Agreements granted by the Originator to the relevant Debtors, assisted by either 
Salary Assignment or Payment Delegation. 
According to market data, as at the end of 2021 (Assofin reporting data), in terms of outstanding volumes, the 
consumer credit market size in Italy is around Euro 111 billion (increasing 1.24% yoy), of which approximately 
22 billion related to CDQ Loans (expressing the same trend). In this scenario, on an annual basis (Assofin 
reporting data at 31 December 2021), in terms of new loans disbursement, the consumer credit market size is 
roughly equal to Euro 72 billion (increasing 16.9% yoy), of which 6.3 billion related to the CDQ Loans 
(increasing 8.6% yoy). 
The Receivables comprised in each Portfolio will be selected on the basis of (i) certain common objective 
criteria listed in Annex 1 to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement (the "Common Criteria") which 
shall apply to any Portfolio. Pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, further objective 
criteria (the "Specific Criteria" and, together with the Common Criteria, the "Criteria") may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Originator from time to time to supplement the Common Criteria in the selection of any 
Portfolio.  
The information relating to any Portfolio transferred from the Originator to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement will be published, (i) on or about the relevant Transfer Date, on 
the website of the Originator (www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations) and (ii) within 15 days of the relevant Issue 
Date of each Series of Notes, on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
Furthermore, with reference to each Transaction, Schedule 1 of the applicable Final Terms will contain tables 
setting out details of the relevant Portfolio derived from information provided by IBL Banca as Originator of the 
Receivables comprised in such Portfolio. In particular, Schedule 1 of the applicable Final Terms will set out 
the amount of the Receivables comprised in the relevant Portfolio. The information set out in these tables will 
reflect the position of the relevant Portfolio as at the relevant Valuation Date, unless otherwise specified.  
With reference to each Transaction, there will always be more than 15 obligors in respect of the relevant Series 
of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The level of collateralisation in respect of each Transaction shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Criteria  
Pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Originator will sell to the Issuer and the 
Issuer will purchase from the Originator all the Receivables arising from Loan Agreements which meet, as at 
the relevant Valuation Date, the following Common Criteria: 
Common Criteria  
1) 
are personal Loans to be reimbursed through a Salary Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a 
Payment Delegation issued in favour of IBL Banca by the relevant Debtor and notified to the relevant 
Employer/Pension Authority and accepted by it;  
2) 
have been granted only by IBL Banca as lender; 
3) 
have been denominated in Euro and do not contain provisions that allow their exchange in another 
currency;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
4) 
have been entirely granted by IBL Banca and in respect of which there are no obligation or possibility 
to make further disbursements under the relevant Loan Agreement;  
5) 
have been granted pursuant to Loan Agreements governed by Italian Law;  
6) 
at least one Instalment has been paid; 
7) 
have a nominal interest rate (T.A.N.) not lower than 3.5% (three point five per cent.); 
8) 
are assisted by an Insurance Policy in favour of IBL Banca to cover any life or unemployment risk of 
the Debtor;  
9) 
have been granted in favour of individuals, resident or domiciled in Italy, employees of a private 
company or by a public administration or pensioners;  
10) 
have been not granted to directors or employees of IBL Banca and to employees of the same 
Insurance Company with which has been entered into the Insurance Policy assisting this Loan in 
accordance with point (8) above;  
11) 
provide for an amortisation plan characterized by monthly Instalments of fixed amount and having a 
fixed interest rate;  
12) 
do not have more than 2 (two) Unpaid Instalments; 
13) 
have not been classified as "sofferenze" (Defaulted Receivable), "inadempienze probabili" or 
"esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate" pursuant to Circular No. 272 dated 30 July 2008, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (Matrice dei Conti) and article 178 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
14) 
have not been characterised by events in relation to which the Insurance Company must pay the 
relevant indemnity on the basis of the Insurance Policy in accordance with point (8) above; 
15) 
should accrue at least an Instalment following the Valuation Date; 
16) 
whose Debtors have not opened at IBL Banca a bank account or a deposit account; 
17) 
have not been entered into or executed in accordance with any law or regulation that provide from the 
beginning financial facilitations, public contributions of any nature, law discounts, maximum 
contractual limits to the interest rate and/or other provisions that give facilitations or reductions to the 
debtors or to the relevant guarantors, in relation to the capital and/or the interests;  
18) 
that have not been object of previous transfer and/or securitisation transactions with third parties (other 
than, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Receivables securitised under the Previous 
Securitisation carried out by IBL Banca or any other Securitisation carried out by IBL Banca and which 
will be transferred to the Issuer pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement), as communicated 
to the relevant Debtor by IBL Banca, unless they have been repurchased afterwards by IBL Banca 
(and this circumstance has been communicated to the relevant Debtor by IBL Banca); 
19) 
are not Receivables arising from loans granted to Debtors whose Employer is part of the Alitalia/Sai 
Group; 
21) 
are not Receivables arising from Loans assisted by an insurance policy issued by Ferservizi S.p.A. or 
by INPDAP. 
General characteristics of each Portfolio   
All Loans are governed by Italian Law and pay monthly instalments.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The Receivables included in each Portfolio have the characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds 
to service payments due and payable on the Notes which will be issued for financing the purchase of such 
Portfolio under the relevant Transaction. However, neither the Originator nor the Issuer warrants the solvency 
(credit standing) of any or all of the Debtor(s) and/or any or all of the Employer(s) and/or any or all of the 
Insurance Company/ies. 
Pool Audit Report 
Pursuant to article 22, paragraph 2, of the EUSecuritisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on STS 
Criteria, the Pool Audit Reports are prepared in respect of each Portfolio prior to the relevant Issue Date.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
THE ORIGINATOR, THE SERVICER, THE CALCULATION AGENT,  
THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH MANAGER, THE PROGRAMME 
ADMINISTRATOR AND THE CORPORATE SERVICER  
Company history  
IBL Banca (the “Bank”) was incorporated on 12 April 1927 as a credit institution for regional and local 
government employees and has been offering CDQ Loans since 1991. 
Having changed its name in 1938 to "Istituto Assistenziale per il Pubblico Impiego S.p.A." and increased capital 
to Italian lira 255,000, the Bank took on the name "Istituto Finanziario del Lavoro S.p.A." in 1943, with share 
capital amounting to Italian lira 1,000,000. Thereafter, with various equity offerings, the share capital rose to 
Italian lira 7.0 billion in 2001 (converted into EUR 3,640,000) and then was increased to EUR 6,300,000 in 
2002. 
IBL Banca (under the corporate name "Istituto Finanziario del Lavoro S.p.A.") was an authorized financial 
intermediary pursuant to Article 106 of Consolidated Banking Act (registered under No. 621 of the General 
Register held by the Ufficio Italiano dei Cambi). 
On 18 July 2003, IBL Banca obtained permission from the Bank of Italy to operate as a bank as of 1st January 
2004, under the corporate name "Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. - IBL Banca". 
In 2004, the Bank started carrying out banking activities (including deposit taking from the public and retail 
lending). 
In April 2009, the Bank began operating in the retail savings deposit account sector, offering both demand 
deposit accounts and term deposit accounts. In the same year, the Bank made another important business 
decision: it changed its consumer credit model from originate to distribute (i.e. the generation of loans for their 
subsequent sale) to originate to hold (i.e. the maintenance of loans in the Bank’s portfolio) by gradually 
eliminating non-Recourse assignment transactions from the range of services offered to its customers. These 
changes led to an increase in the group’s interest margin. 
In 2008, following the acquisition of IFL Finanziaria S.p.A., which changed its name to IBL Family S.p.A. (“IBL 
Family”), the IBL Banca Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario IBL Banca) was formed. Between 2009 and 2012, 
five IBL Family outlets were transformed into branches of the Bank. 
During 2010, Mr. Mario Giordano transferred his interest in the Bank’s share capital to Delta 6, a company 
entirely owned by him. As of the date of these listing particulars, Delta 6 owns 50% of the share capital of the 
Bank. 
On 26 November 2011, the Bank was authorised under applicable Italian law to provide certain investment 
services (as defined under Article 1, paragraph 5 of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act) as well as the 
service of custody and administration of financial instruments (as defined under Article 1, paragraph 6, letter 
(a) of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act). 
In 2013, the Bank started offering third party insurance products through IBL Assicura S.r.l. pursuant to a 
strategic partnership with Zurich Insurance Group AG. 
In 2017, the Bank purchased a Euro 350 million CDQ loan portfolio from Barclays Bank, with the aim of 
boosting the increase of the profitability for the following three to four years. At that time Barclays Bank was 
implementing its own strategy to exit the Italian banking market and the Bank represented, for them, the only 
reliable counterpart to allow the disposal of CDQ loans. 
In 2018, the Bank realised a joint venture with Europa Factor S.r.l., a servicer specialised in the NPL collection 
process, by creating a company named Credit Factor S.p.A., 50% owned by both shareholders. Credit Factor 
S.p.A. is a financial company enrolled in the new register of financial intermediaries pursuant to art. 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, with the aim of investing in the acquisition of a small ticket NPL credit portfolio. 
In 2019 the Bank completed the acquisition of 70% of Finanziaria Familiare S.p.A., renamed as IBL Family, a

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
joint venture with real estate agent network Tecnocasa. IBL Family instigates CDQ Loans in conjunction with 
home-buying processes and is aimed at developing a partnership with other banking players and captive 
broker networks. 
As at the end of 2020, IBL’s commercial model involved direct distribution through its own brand (54 branches) 
and indirect distribution via financial advisors and bank distribution agreements. Over the past six years, growth 
has been fuelled by third party agents and brokers, as well as via branches, which have usually accounted for 
50% of annual originations. In contrast, distribution via lenders (in partnership) has shrunk. Covid-related 
closures in 2020 had a limited impact on branch distribution volumes. 
In 2021, the Bank completed the acquisition of Banca di Sconto S.p.A. and Banca Capasso S.p.A., two banks 
operating in the Region of Campania near to Caserta, with the intention of allowing the transformation of IBL 
Family into a bank, with Banca di Sconto S.p.A., and to develop the investing strategy in the NPL single name-
large ticket and UTP, with Banca Capasso S.p.A.. 
The Bank group is a pioneer in the CDQ Loans sector in Italy. The group is one of the leading independent 
players, with significant experience in this sector, and is well-positioned to capture potential market 
opportunities. Through the Bank’s long sector experience, it has become a product specialist in the business 
of CDQ Loans, with a market share of 12% as of 31 December 2021 in terms of new business (14.5% also 
including IBL Family new business. Source: Assofin, Consumer Credit Observatory (retail)). The Bank’s 
management team has a strong market-based, entrepreneurial approach to the business. 
 
Financial highlights  
The following tables set out certain audited consolidated economic and financial information of the group of 
the Originator as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands of euros) set out in the Originator’s 
Financial Statement for the fiscal year 2021 and in the Originator’s Financial Statement for the fiscal year 2020, 
both available to the public on the Originator’s website: http://www.iblbanca.it/bilanci.html - for the avoidance 
of doubt the content of the Originator website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Financial Statement 
  
2021 
2020 
Receivables from banks and current assets 
404,759 
488,187 
Receivables from customers 
3,507,758 
3,218,404 
Securities portfolio 
2,729,804 
2,992,787 
Tangible and intangible fixed assets 
246,826 
187,567 
Tax assets 
27,723 
17,410 
Miscellaneous assets and derivatives 
204,680 
215,516 
TOTAL ASSETS 
7,121,551 
7,119,871 
Due to banks 
2,663,864 
3,419,324 
Due to customers 
3,852,213 
3,041,025 
Circulating securities 
22,403 
12,646 
Tax liabilities 
20,330 
18,275 
Other liabilities and derivatives 
123,063 
186,204 
Shareholders’ equity 
439,678 
442,397 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
7,121,551 
7,119,871 
 
Income Statement 
 
2021 
2020 
Interest margin 
140,625 
125,362 
Net commissions 
10,055 
14,453 
Dividends 
244 
0 
Profits from sale/repurchase of debts and misc. 
27,936 
19,636

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
BROKERAGE MARGIN 
178,860 
159,450 
Write-downs for bad debts 
-2,382 
-3,408 
NET RESULT OF FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
176,478 
156,043 
Administrative costs 
-105,391 
-87,007 
Staff costs 
-55,339 
-46,116 
Other administrative costs 
-50,053 
-40,892 
Other costs 
8,250 
-9,454 
OPERATING RESULTS 
79,336 
59,581 
Income tax on operating results 
-20,921 
-16,887 
OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS) 
58,415 
42,695 
 
Shareholders and group structure  
The current shareholder base consists of: 
Shareholder's Name 
No. Shares Held 
Book Value of Shares  
% Owned 
Sant’Anna S.r.l. 
37,500,000 
37,500,000.00 
50% 
Delta 
6 
partecipazione 
S.r.l.  
37,500,000 
37,500,000.00 
50% 
TOTAL 
75,000,000 
75,000,000.00 
100% 
 
Group Structure description is as follows: 
1) The parent company, IBL Banca S.p.A., its fully owned subsidiaries are IBL Servicing S.p.A (NPL 
recovery), IBL Real Estate S.r.l. and IBL Assicura S.r.l (insurance). Banca Capasso Antonio S.p.A and 
Banca di Sconto e Conti Correnti di Santa Maria Capua Vetere S.p.A. were acquired in 2021.The 
subsidiaries that are part of the group as at 31 December 2021 and included in the consolidated financial 
statements are IBL Servicing S.p.A., IBL Real Estate S.r.l., IBL Assicura S.r.l. and IBL Family S.p.A. 
 
2) Banca Capasso S.p.A., is a bank wholly owned by the parent company, whose acquisition is aimed at 
developing an investment strategy in the NPL market. The bank initially offered funding and lending 
(short and medium to long-term loans) services as well as assistance with payment and e-money 
systems, with the aim of continuing to support the local economy. Once the acquisition process had been 
completed, Banca Capasso S.p.A. acquired the Banca di Sconto S.p.A. banking branches, pursuing a 
more general corporate reorganisation programme. 
3) Banca di Sconto S.p.A., is a bank wholly owned by the parent company, whose acquisition is 
finalised to incorporate IBL Family in 2022 through a business combination. 
4) IBL Family S.p.A., a financial intermediary enrolled in the register pursuant to Article 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and owned by IBL Banca with a 70% share capital. IBL Family operates in the 
sector of credit to households and is specialized in the salary-backed and pension-backed loans. 
5) IBL Servicing S.p.A., is a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent company and was enrolled in the new 
register of financial intermediaries pursuant to art. 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act. Its social 
purpose is the management of third party receivables, including those of the parent company, as well as 
the collection of transferred loans and the provision of cash and payment services pursuant to article 2, 
paragraphs 3, 6 and 6-bis of the Securitisation Law, regarding the securitisation of loans;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
6) IBL Real Estate S.r.l., is a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent company. The purpose of the company 
is to perform real estate services, mainly but not exclusively for and in the interest of the companies of 
the banking group. 
Description of parent’s other investees which are not part of the banking group, as follows: 
IBL Assicura S.r.l., a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent company, is a multi-firm insurance agency, 
included in section A of the single insurance registry as number A000457798, and is supervised by IVASS. Its 
business object is the taking on and management of mandates from insurance companies, the provision of 
insurance consultancy services and administration of insurance portfolios, as well as any other insurance-
related activities, excluding insurance and reinsurance brokerage. IBL Assicura S.r.l. offers its customers a 
wide range of insurance products in the life, non-life and motor third party liability sectors. 
Net Insurance S.p.A., is 26.64% owned by the parent company, authorised to provide non-life insurance and 
reinsurance services. The company heads the “Net Insurance Group”, is listed on the AIM Italia segment of 
the Italian stock market and provides credit protection insurance products to individuals, households and 
SMEs. Its product range includes insurance products for CDQ loans, protection (through the non-motor non-
life bancassurance and retail brokers’ networks) and the insurtech portfolio, thanks to agreements with its main 
technological partners. The Net Insurance Group’s business model is based on a multi-specialist technique, a 
vast product portfolio and a predominantly digital approach. 
Credit Factor S.p.A., included in the list as per article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act, is equally owned 
by IBL Banca and Europa Factor S.p.A. It purchases and manages NPEs, mainly unsecured small ticket loans. 
IBL Banca and Europa Factor S.p.A. will continue to develop this joint venture, contributing their know-how 
and business expertise gained in their respective fields. Credit Factor principally operates in two sectors: i) the 
purchase of NPE portfolios; and ii) the management and collection of proprietary non-performing exposures. 
The scope of consolidation also included the special purpose vehicle Marzio Finance S.r.l., in accordance 
with IFRS 10, which sets forth the standards for the preparation and submission of consolidated financial 
statements. 
Business model  
The Originator is a bank authorised to carry out banking activities pursuant to article 10 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and is active in Italy in the consumer credit market, and in particular in the CDQ loan market, but 
it has also expanded its offer with the proposal of insurance. The group offers its products and services 
exclusively in Italy. 
In particular, the Originator operates as a vertical specialist in the sector of CDQ Loans as well as through 
payment delegation, an activity that represents its core business. The Bank also offers traditional banking 
products such as bank accounts and deposit accounts for retail and corporate customers in Italy, as well as 
other ancillary banking services, and provides, in limited cases, certain investment services. In addition, the 
Bank offers third party financial insurance products and personal lending and consumer credit products. 
The Originator funds its core business mainly through its retail and corporate banking (in particular comprising 
mostly direct funding through deposits and, to a lesser extent, through bank accounts).  
IBL Banca operates into five market segments, according to the nature of the products offered and by the 
channel through which these products are placed: 
• 
Own market, into which IBL Banca operates as vertical specialist. The integration in the product 
chain comes from a complete coverage of the placement of own financial product channels by 
direct distribution of salary-backed and pension-backed loans to target clients of the bank 
(through its own distribution networks, credit brokerage companies or networks of qualified 
agents in financial activities).

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
In connection with this, the business policy for placing salary-backed loan products relies also 
on adoption of a highly developed plan of leads generation, direct marketing & telemarketing and 
brand awareness. 
• 
Other’s markets, in which the bank provides organisation skills (administrative servicing) and 
financial abilities (approving credit limits) to other market operators. In this segment, the bank 
acts as a specialised operator in managing all the phases of the CDQ product value chain; from 
the phase of support to the sales network for management, to the front office and back office 
activities (product processing and collection management). 
• 
NPL market: in this context, IBL Banca entered into a joint venture agreement with Europa Factor 
S.r.l. with the purpose to purchases unsecured non performing financial loans, with the aim of 
maximizing value creation and to obtain high yields on the NPL management and acquired 
Banca Capasso S.p.A. with the aim of dedicating it to investment in NPE large ticket secured. 
• 
Traditional retail and corporate banking activities: it implies the continuation of the former Banca 
Capasso S.p.A.’s operations to ensure business continuity and to grow its local footprint. The 
business will be continued by two units belonging to Banca Capasso S.p.A., namely, the retail 
lending and the commercial units. The retail lending unit has the same duties as Banca Capasso 
S.p.A.’s current lending office; the commercial unit carries out the same activities as those 
performed by Banca Capasso S.p.A.’s branches. 
• 
Insurance Market: in order to diversify its own business and take opportunities arising from an 
“high growth” sector, IBL Banca increased its share into the equity of one of the most important 
Italian insurance player. 
The current business model of the Group is based on strategic lines of positioning of the market 
promoted by the management in the course of the most recent thirty years, and is oriented toward 
obtaining the high levels of integration of product distribution and focus on the loans (vertical 
specialisation).  
Products  
The bank handles the placement of: 
• 
IBL Banca products, in respect of CDQ loans and “Advances on TFS” (Anticipo Trattamento di 
Fine Servizio), in the event of target customers (belonging to the category of public employees, 
state government employees, or prominent, large-scale private companies); 
• 
third-party products, for which the bank acts as intermediary - the distribution of third-party 
products, which includes personal loans, mortgage loans, cards and insurance policies 
represents a source of profitability that does not entail the assumption of risks. It also meets the 
need of expanding the range of solutions in order to satisfy the requirements of a diversified body 
of customers. 
With regards to its own product, the bank offers to its clients: 
• 
CDQ (salary and pension-backed loans and delegation of payments), which represent the core 
business of the Group. 
• 
Advances on TFS (Anticipo Trattamento di Fine Servizio), which represent a new product 
provided by the bank from 2018 aimed to retirees (public and state). 
With regards to third-party products, the bank offers to its client: 
• 
Personal loans;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
• 
Mortgage loans; 
• 
Cards; and 
• 
Insurance policies. 
Network organisation  
The placement of the products is provided through various channels: branches, third party networks and direct 
agreement with local governments. 
Branches  
Bank branches represent the channel through which the Group handles the marketing and sales directly with 
customers of IBL Banca as well as third-party products. In keeping with the business model promoted by IBL 
Banca, as of 31 December 2021 the Group’s territorial network is comprised of 54 bank branches (also 
including Banca Capasso S.p.A. branches). 
Third-party networks  
Third-party networks represent the channel through which the Group manages the indirect marketing activity 
for its products and consist of third parties. In further detail, the Broker Channel currently consists of the 
following financial entities: 
• 
exclusive financial agents; 
• 
credit brokerage firms; 
• 
financial intermediaries pursuant to new art. 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act. The IBL Group 
currently holds a minority equity interest in one intermediary pursuant to art. 106 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
The strategic objective for the next years is to increase the captive production through: 
• 
the growth of the number of branches in Italy,  
• 
the growth of the network of exclusive financial agents;  
• 
new agreements with credit brokerage firms; 
• 
the assessment of cherry pick acquisitions of consolidated financial intermediaries. 
Commercial distribution agreements have already been signed with several banks (Banca del Fucino, Banca 
popolare delle Province Molisane, Banca popolare Sant’Angelo).  
Agreements with local government  
This is a direct channel used by the bank to place its own financial products addressed to employees of 
government agencies and prominent, large-scale private enterprise.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
THE MASTER SERVICER  
IBL Servicing is a financial intermediary incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its 
registered office at Via Venti Settembre 30, 00187 - Rome, tax code and enrolment with the companies register 
of Rome no. 10218521002, enrolled under no. 27 (codice meccanografico 33596) of the register of the financial 
intermediaries held by the Bank of Italy, fully-owned by IBL Banca and subsidiary of the banking group (gruppo 
bancario) "IBL Banca", enrolled with the register of the banking groups (albo dei gruppi bancari) under no. 
3263 pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. In the context of this Securitisation, IBL Servicing 
acts as Servicer. 
Since 2013, IBL Servicing is a financial intermediary. It provides both credit collection services and cash 
management and payment services in the context of securitisation transactions. 
Under the Programme Servicing Agreement (as amended and supplemented), IBL Servicing is appointed as 
Servicer and agreed to perform, inter alia, the activities delegated to it as provided thereunder in its capacity 
as Servicer. 
For the information on the appointment of IBL Servicer as Servicer please make reference to the section 
“Description of the Programme Documents – The Programme Servicing Agreement”.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
THE BACK-UP SERVICER AND THE BACK-UP CALCULATION AGENT  
Zenith Service S.p.A., is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, with registered office at Via Vittorio Betteloni 2, 20131 Milan, Italy, fully paid share capital of 
Euro 2,000,000.00, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milano – Monza – Brianza – Lodi, 
number 02200990980, enrolled in the register of financial intermediaries (“Albo Unico”) held by Bank of Italy 
pursuant to articles 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act, registered under the number 30, ABI Code 32590.2. 
In the context of the Programme, Zenith Service S.p.A. acts as Back-up Calculation Agent and Back-up 
Servicer.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
THE TRANSACTION BANK AND ITALIAN PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., Milan Branch, is a bank incorporated under the laws of United States of America, having 
its registered office at 701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., acting through its 
Milan branch, enrolment in the companies’ register of Milano – Monza – Brianza – Lodi, number 600769, 
registered with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act under number 4630, having its registered office at Piazzetta Bossi, 3 / 20121 
Milan, Italy. 
Citibank, N.A. was formerly known as First National City Bank and changed its name to Citibank, N.A. in 
March 1976. The company was founded in 1812 and is based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota with locations 
and offices worldwide. Citibank, N.A. operates as a subsidiary of Citicorp. 
Citigroup, Inc. is a holding company listed on the NYSE (C) and other principal international stock 
exchanges, having its registered office at 701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., 
and having in Great Britain a principal branch office situated at Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB. 
Citi, a leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more 
than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions 
with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Citi 
currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two primary business segments: Citicorp, 
representing Citi's core growth franchises and Citi Holdings, which contains businesses and assets that 
are not core to Citi's future. Citicorp is focused on providing best-in-class products and services to 
customers and leveraging Citi's unparalleled global network, including many of the world's emerging 
economies. 
Issuer services is a part of Citi Institutional Clients Group that supports the issuance and administrative 
needs of global institutional clients through two key business segments, namely Agency and Trust and 
Depositary Receipt Services. Citi is a leading provider of transactional services with a unique blend of 
experience, global reach and superior services. Citi Agency and Trust business administers in excess of 
USD 4 trillion in fixed income and equity investments on behalf of over 2,500 clients worldwide. Citi 
Depositary Receipt Services supports over 250 programs and helps companies connect to new markets 
and raise capital worldwide.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
THE INVESTMENT ACCOUNT BANK AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch, is a bank incorporated under the laws of United States of America, having 
its registered office at 701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., and having in Great 
Britain a principal branch office situated at Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB with 
company number FC001835 and branch number BR001018. 
Citibank, N.A. was formerly known as First National City Bank and changed its name to Citibank, N.A. in 
March 1976. The company was founded in 1812 and is based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota with locations 
and offices worldwide. Citibank, N.A. operates as a subsidiary of Citicorp. 
Citigroup, Inc. is a holding company listed on the NYSE (C) and other principal international stock 
exchanges, having its registered office at 701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., 
and having in Great Britain a principal branch office situated at Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB. 
Citi, a leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more 
than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions 
with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Citi 
currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two primary business segments: Citicorp, 
representing Citi's core growth franchises and Citi Holdings, which contains businesses and assets that 
are not core to Citi's future. Citicorp is focused on providing best-in-class products and services to 
customers and leveraging Citi's unparalleled global network, including many of the world's emerging 
economies. 
Issuer services is a part of Citi Institutional Clients Group that supports the issuance and administrative 
needs of global institutional clients through two key business segments, namely Agency and Trust and 
Depositary Receipt Services. Citi is a leading provider of transactional services with a unique blend of 
experience, global reach and superior services. Citi Agency and Trust business administers in excess of 
USD 4 trillion in fixed income and equity investments on behalf of over 2,500 clients worldwide. Citi 
Depositary Receipt Services supports over 250 programs and helps companies connect to new markets 
and raise capital worldwide.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 9 March 2017 as a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) under the corporate name "Marzio Finance S.r.l.". The Issuer's by-laws provides for 
termination of the same on 31 December 2100. The registered office of the Issuer is at Viale Parioli, 10, Rome, 
Italy, the fiscal code and number of enrolments with the companies register of Rome is 09840320965. The 
Issuer is also enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 4 of the 
resolution of the Bank of Italy dated 7 June 2017.   
The Issuer has no employees and no subsidiaries. The Issuer's telephone number is +39 06 684591. The 
authorised and issued quota capital of the Issuer is Euro 10,000, made up of one quota fully paid up and held 
by Special Purpose Entity Management S.r.l., a società a responsabilità limitata, incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is in Rome, at Viale Parioli, 10, fiscal code and registration with 
the companies register of Rome number 09840320965, as holder of 100% of the quota capital of the Issuer 
(the "Quotaholder").  
The Issuer has not declared or paid any dividends or, save as otherwise described in this Base Prospectus, 
incurred any indebtedness. 
The Issuer is not indirectly owned or controlled by any entity other than the Quotaholder. Pursuant to the 
Quotaholder's Agreement, the Quotaholder agreed, inter alia, not to amend the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer 
(other than as otherwise required by any applicable law) and not to pledge, charge or dispose of the quotas of 
the Issuer without the prior written consent of the Representative of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer has been incorporated under Italian law as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing 
asset backed securities. In accordance with the Securitisation Law, the sole corporate object of the Issuer is 
the realisation of securitisation transactions under the Securitisation Law.  
Issuer's principal activities 
The corporate objectives of the Issuer, as set out in article 2 of its by-laws (statuto), is the acquisition of 
monetary receivables for the purposes of securitisation transactions (operazioni di cartolarizzazione) and the 
issuance of asset-backed securities. 
Condition 5 (Covenants) provides that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not 
carry out certain activities, unless with the consent of the Representative of the Noteholders and as provided 
in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents. For a full description of those covenants see Condition 5 
(Covenants) in section "Terms and Conditions of the Rated Notes". 
The Issuer will covenant in the Intercreditor Agreement to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are 
detailed in Condition 5 (Covenants). 
Directors of the Issuer 
The current director of the Issuer is:  
Sole Director 
Ugo Cosentini, sole director of Marzio Finance 
S.r.l.. The domicile of Mr Ugo Cosentini, in his 
capacity of sole director of the Issuer, is Viale 
Parioli, 10, Rome, Italy. 
The Sole Director is not aware of any conflicts of interests or potential conflicts of interests between his 
respective duties in the Issuer and his respective private interests or principal outside activities. None of the 
Sole Director's principal outside activities is significant with respect to the Issuer and no persons or entities, 
including the Originator or any of the other transaction parties connected with the Notes can exercise control 
over the Sole Director.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Sole auditor of the Issuer 
The current sole auditor of the Issuer is:  
Sole Auditor 
Marsilio Corrado, sole auditor of Marzio Finance 
S.r.l.. The domicile of Mr Marsilio Corrado, in his 
capacity of sole auditor of the Issuer, is Viale 
Parioli, 10, Rome, Italy. 
The Sole Audiotor is not aware of any conflicts of interests or potential conflicts of interests between his 
respective duties in the Issuer and his respective private interests or principal outside activities. None of the 
Sole Auditor's principal outside activities is significant with respect to the Issuer and no persons or entities, 
including the Originator or any of the other transaction parties connected with the Notes can exercise control 
over the Sole Auditor. 
Accounts of the Issuer and accounting treatment of the Portfolio 
Pursuant to Bank of Italy regulations, the accounting information relating to the securitisation of the 
Receivables will be contained in the explanatory notes to the Issuer's accounts (Nota Integrativa). The 
explanatory notes, together with the balance sheet and the profit and loss statements, form part of the financial 
statements of Italian limited liability companies (società a responsabilità limitata). 
The fiscal year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each calendar year and ends on 31 December of the 
same calendar year with the exception of the first fiscal year which started on March 2017 and ended on 31 
December 2017. 
Capitalisation and indebtedness statement 
The capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital 
Euro 
Issued, authorised and fully paid up quota capital 
10,000.00 
Loan Capital 
Euro 
Euro 398,600,000 Series 1-2017 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate Notes due 
2042 
398,600,000 
Euro 34,701,000 Series 1-2017 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2042 
34,701,000 
Euro 288,100,000 Series 2-2018 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate Notes due 
2039 
288,100,000 
Euro 28,589,000 Series 2-2018 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2039 
28,589,000 
Euro 421,900,000 Series 3-2018 Class A Asset-Backed Floating Rate Notes 
due 2043 
421,900,000 
Euro 64,740,000 Series 3-2018 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2043 
64,740,000 
Euro 305,900,000 Series 4-2018 Class A Asset-Backed Floating Rate Notes due 2043 
305,900,000 
Euro 54,200,000 Series 4-2018 Class B Asset-Backed Fixed Rate 
Notes due 2043 
54,200,000 
Euro 27,140,000 Series 4-2018 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2043 
27,140,000

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Euro 255,100,000 Series 5-2019 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate 
Notes due 2044 
255,100,000 
Euro 33,057,000 Series 5-2019 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2044 
33,057,000 
Euro 571,600,000 Series 6-2019 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate 
Notes due 2041 
571,600,000 
Euro 49,630,000 Series 6-2019 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2041 
49,630,000 
Euro 352,200,000 Series 7-2019 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate 
Notes due 2044 
352,200,000 
Euro 41,303,000 Series 7-2019 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2044 
41,303,000 
Euro 298,300,000 Series 8-2020 Class A Asset-Backed Fixed Rate 
Notes due 2045 
298,300,000 
Euro 34,901,000 Series 8-2020 Class J Asset-Backed Notes due 2045 
34,901,000 
Total Capital 
3,259,961,000.00 
 
Subject to the above, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in 
respect of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created, but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Financial statements of the Issuer 
The Issuer's accounting reference date is 31 December in each year.  
The financial statements for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Financial Statements") 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (please refer to Documents Incorporated by Reference 
section below).  
The financial statements for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Financial Statements") 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (please refer to Documents Incorporated by Reference 
section below). 
The auditors of the Issuer is EY S.p.A., who are registered in the special register (albo speciale) maintained 
by Consob and set out under Article 161 of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act and under No. 19644 in the 
Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei revisori contabili) in compliance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 88 of January 27 1992. EY S.p.A.’s registered office is in Rome, Via Lombardia, 31. 
EY S.p.A. will audit the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Italy for 
each of the financial years ending on 31 December of each year from 2020 to 2028.  
Copies of the financial statements of the Issuer for each financial year since the Issuer's incorporation may be 
inspected and obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of the Issuer and 
the Representative of the Noteholders only once the financial statements for each relevant fiscal year will be 
made up and actually available.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter Banca Finint S.p.A., a bank incorporated as a joint stock 
company (societá per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of Italy with a sole shareholder, having its 
registered office in Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 71,817,500.00 
fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the companies' register of Treviso-Belluno no. 04040580963, 
VAT Group "Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A." – VAT no. 04977190265, registered in the banks' register held 
by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act under no. 5580 and in the 
register of the banking group held by the Bank of Italy as parent company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the "Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi" and of the 
"Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia". 
In the context of the Programme, Banca Finint S.p.A. acts as Representative of the Noteholders. 
The information contained herein relates to Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. and has been 
obtained from it. The delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there 
has been no change in the affairs of Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. since the date hereof, 
or that the information contained or referred to herein is correct as of any time subsequent to 
such date.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY  
The description of the Credit and Collection Policy set out below is a detailed summary of certain features 
of the Credit and Collection Policy adopted by IBL Banca and is qualified by reference to the detailed 
contents of the Credit and Collection Policy enclosed to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
Prospective Noteholders may inspect copies of the Transaction Documents (including the Programme 
Servicing Agreement and the exhibits thereof) upon request (i) at the following e-mail address of the 
Originator securitisation@iblbanca.it (ii) at the specified office of each of the Representative of the 
Noteholders and the Italian Paying Agent and (iii) within 15 days of the relevant Issue Date of each Series 
of Notes, on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/).  
The Credit and Collection Policy are compliant with Article 21, paragraph 9, of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. 
Any material changes to the Credit and Collection Policy will be disclosed to the investors without delay 
(in this respect, please refer to "Regulatory Disclosure and Retention Undertaking" section above). 
Loan application management 
The process of loan application management involves the following stages: 
1) 
Offer  
2) 
Investigation ("Istruttoria") and Decision (authorisation) 
3) 
Processing 
4) 
Loan Disbursement 
1. 
OFFER 
In this stage, the distribution network carries out an initial investigation activity which involves an initial 
objective and subjective assessment of the customer's financing needs to determine his suitability, only 
subsequently is a personalized offer prepared for the particular customer. Whether the offer meets the 
client's financial needs. The latter makes a loan proposal to the IBL Bank.  
During the first stage the distribution network carries out an initial and preliminary analysis of the formal 
requirements of the application and only if these requirements are met, then the substantial requirements 
are also analysed. 
The formal requirements are: 
• 
the applicant shall be an employee or retired person; 
• 
if it is an employee, whether his employer meets the scoring requirements set by the bank and by 
 
the chosen Insurance Company. 
The applicant must submit at least the last salary slip or pension slip which indicates the employer or the 
pensions agency, the assignable amount and the presence or otherwise of any other pre-existing debts 
(as withheld in the pay packet). 
In any event, financing cannot be obtained by anyone who: 
• 
is not in good health (as shown by a medical exam);

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
• 
is not actively working (e.g. on a leave of absence or on disciplinary leave); 
• 
is not financially reliable considering his net cash flow and the financial obligations arising from 
 
any other loans which have been declared or resulting from an external database; 
• 
will reach retirement age before maturity, other than in case of assignment of the fifth of the 
 
pension; 
With regard to all customers who are out from those criteria, the distribution network can ask support for 
a thorough investigation (also called "pre-acceptance" examination) is carried out with the aim to calculate 
the credit scoring required by the management. 
2. 
INVESTIGATION (Istruttoria) and DECISION (AUTHORIZATION) 
In this stage the procedure is based on internal regulations involving an initial objective and subjective 
assessment of the loan application to determine the suitability of the customer by a credit scoring system 
implemented by the bank. The bank complies with the law and regulations on banking products and 
services relating to privacy and transparency, with the customer giving his consent to the use of his 
personal data, while the bank provides the customer with all the documentation and information on the 
particular characteristics of, and the risks associated with, the product, while checking the adequacy of 
the application itself to the customer's financial needs. 
There are two different stages involved in the management of the preliminary investigation. During the 
first stage the bank carries out an analysis of the formal requirements of the application and only if these 
requirements are met, then the substantial requirements are also analysed. 
The formal requirements are: 
• 
the applicant shall be an employee or retired person; 
• 
if it is an employee, whether his employer meets the scoring requirements set by the bank and by 
the chosen Insurance Company. 
The applicant must submit at least the last salary slip or pension slip which indicates the employer or the 
pensions agency, the assignable amount and the presence or otherwise of any other pre-existing debts 
(as withheld in the pay packet). 
In any event, financing cannot be obtained by anyone who: 
• 
is not in good health (as shown by a medical exam); 
• 
is not actively working (e.g. on a leave of absence or on disciplinary leave); 
• 
is not financially reliable considering his net cash flow and the financial obligations arising from 
any other loans which have been declared or resulting from an external database; 
• 
will reach retirement age before maturity, other than in case of assignment of the fifth of the 
pension; 
• 
analyzes on creditworthiness are also carried out consider the amount of available assets and 
the amount of liabilities to determine the probability of a customer's over-indebtedness 
(sovraindebitamento).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
With regard to all customers who are out from those criteria, a thorough investigation (also called "pre-
acceptance" examination) is carried out with the aim to calculate the credit scoring required by the 
management. 
The relevant factors are whether the information in the application satisfies certain quantitative and 
qualitative requirements both with respect to the employer and the applicant. In the case of a CDQ Loan 
and of a DP Loan the process of granting a loan depends on the employer (primarily) as well as the 
applicant as an individual. Such particular requirements (unique among products in the consumer credit 
sector) arise out of the legal nature of the relationship established among the lender (the bank), the 
borrower (the applicant) and the employer (assigned third party administration) where the lender has the 
right to obtain repayment of the portions of the lent sum by deductions from the employee’s pay packet 
(assignment with recourse) made directly by the employer. 
In this regard the Group has implemented an IT system that enables it, when in possession of certain 
information, to check the admissibility or otherwise of the application. Behind the mathematical calculation 
there are certain assumptions and parameters agreed by the Management that are periodically reviewed 
according to market trends (macro variables) and the specific consideration of the persons involved in 
the preliminary investigation (employer and applicant). 
It is ascertained for example whether the employer meets certain size requirements (minimum number 
of employees), legal requirements (type of legal status: e.g. joint stock company), capital requirements 
(minimum level of paid up capital), performance requirements (analysis of the financial statements in 
relation to specific indicators) and qualitative requirements (operating in determined fields/goods or 
manufacturing sectors). Moreover, on the basis of periodic analyses carried out by Credit Department, 
the benchmarks are updated to provide indications for the correlation between certain characteristics of 
the company and the presumed performance expected in possible future dealings. 
On the other hand investigations are carried out on the individual applicant on an ad hoc basis to estimate 
the risk of fraud and to assess creditworthiness. In the investigative stage the bank also examines the 
details of the customer to make sure there are no outstanding default situations (such as overdue or 
unpaid bills). 
The above process then results in a positive, negative or "to be re-examined" outcome. While the first 
two outcomes are clear, in the third case the application is scrutinised by the Credit Department, which 
comes to a final conclusion as to the admissibility or otherwise of the request after further and more 
detailed analysis. 
If the decisioning investigation is successfully completed and the customer's proposal is approved, we 
proceed with the subsequent improvement activities.  
From a technical point of view the decision does not mean that the customer is granted a loan, but it is 
only a confirmation of the preliminary investigation (i.e. the fulfilment of the requirements of internal rules 
and the compliance with the law) so that it is possible to go ahead with the actual process that ends with 
the calculation and disbursement of the loan. 
With the completion of this phase the compliance of the documentation submitted by the customer is 
verified as well as the creditworthiness of the employer as previously described and it is also verified that 
guarantees can be obtained (the capacity of the loan to be insured by insurance companies). 
3. 
PROCESSING

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Once the loan is approved, Branch Representative performs certain checks, acquires the guarantees and 
thereafter proceeds with the signing of the loan documentation and the notification of the assignment of 
the CDQ to the employer / pension fund. 
The bank checks the contractual documentation ensuring: 
• 
that it has reached the competent office; 
• 
that it is authentic; 
• 
that it is consistent with the information furnished at the time of pre-contractual offer; 
• 
that it has been signed by the applicant in the proper way; 
• 
that it is duly filed in the records of the applicant’s loan; 
• 
that it is compliant with the anti-money laundering legislation. 
In this phase, for all financing, the bank carries out a control of the documentation produced by the 
customer and his identity through external databases. Moreover, for the most risky categories, through a 
specialized outsourcer, it retrieves appropriate documents to verify the authenticity of the product 
documentation - used also subsequently in the fraud prevention systems of the disbursement process - 
and the identity of the customer through optical checks on identity documents, through a specialised 
outsourcer. 
Further actions are carried out by the bank, and in particular: 
• 
the information and forms regarding insurance cover are given to the applicant; 
• 
the contract is signed and delivered; 
• 
notice of the contract is given to the employer/pensions agency (including any Pension Fund, if 
applicable). 
4. 
LOAN DISBURSEMENT 
When the processing stage has been completed and the guarantees obtained from the insurance 
companies, and once the contract has been received and accepted by the employer/pensions agency for 
the purposes of its obligations as assigned third party debtor, the bank proceeds with the final 
disbursement of the loan. 
From the technical point of view it is only with the actual disbursement that the process of granting the 
loan to the customer is completed. 
Disbursement of the loan is subject to the following checks: 
• 
the official go-ahead ("benestare") or other document from which can be inferred acceptance by 
the employer of the obligations to which it is subject under the terms of the loan contract (first 
guarantee); 
• 
the obtaining of the insurance coverage provided for in relation to the loan (second guarantee). 
After the aforesaid guarantees have been obtained and before the loan can actually be paid, the bank 
carries out a final check to ensure that all the documents necessary in order to complete the transaction 
are both formally and substantially in its possession and are compliant with all the regulatory requirements

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
set forth under Italian Presidential Decree No. 180 of 5 January 1950, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Fraud prevention systems of the disbursement process 
In relation to loan policy and the need to mitigate the risk of fraud, the Group has set up a system of fraud 
controls that is in place across all the investigation processes, irrespective of the channel through which 
the application is received. 
The system envisages four distinct lines of checks for each loan application: 
• 
analysis and checks of the documents certifying the applicant's income; 
• 
telephone checks with the employer; 
• 
checks of significant information on the customer from external databases by means of the service 
of external specialized outsourcers; 
• 
direct telephone checks to the customers. 
The checks on documents relating to income essentially consist in verification of the formal and 
substantial original nature of the document submitted. Among the checks made, the bank will study the 
documents’ fonts for example, correspondence between monthly remuneration and duties performed, 
correspondence of the document with other documents acquired from other customers working for the 
same employer, etc. 
Telephone calls to the employer aim at confirming the actual existence of the employment contract in 
addition to checking any prejudicial factors in relation to the grant of the loan (e.g. garnishment or 
attachment of earnings or charges on the earnings, the absence of any disciplinary measures or 
proceedings, the true situation as regards any current deductions from pay, the absence of any other 
already notified not amortised loans). The bank takes particular care only to speak to employers on 
telephone numbers that it has verified or that it has taken from public databases. 
Through external databases the bank also obtains other important information about the application 
whereby the banks check the real identity of the customer as well as the actual existence of his position 
as an employee or person in receipt of a pension.  
Through telephone checks to the customer the bank ascertains, through predetermined interviews, any 
inconsistent replies from the customer that could lead to any inference of suspicious conduct. During the 
interview stage the bank, inter alia, also checks carefully that the information corresponds to the data on 
the customer acquired directly by the bank from external databases. 
Collections management 
The whole collection process is governed by internal regulations that are subject to continuous 
amendments and updates that respond to changes in the general law and regulations on the subject. 
Currently the collection process is split in two macro categories of activity that break down into two 
operational processes: 
• 
management of collections; 
• 
ascertaining non-performing loans and taking credit recovery action in or out of court.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Management of collections 
In this stage of the management process, all the day-to-day activities are carried out with the aim to 
establishing what instalments are due on the individual loans as envisaged in the payment plan and 
entering the payments received in the accounts while allocating them to the appropriate borrower’s 
record. 
In accordance with an express irrevocable mandate from the employee, the Administration is obliged by 
law as the assigned third-party debtor, to withhold the payment from the payroll and to remit the same to 
IBL. 
The management of the collections is thus very streamlined since the relationship in the case of many 
borrowers who are employees of a single Administration is maintained with a single counterparty who is 
not only legally responsible for sending the payments, but also for providing IBL Banca with a special list 
indicating the names and amounts for the individual payments made. 
The payments are made by the employer Administrations through bank transfers to: 
1. 
bank account of IBL Banca totally dedicated for this purpose; 
2. 
current account with the post office. 
The monitoring of such payments occurs on a real-time basis through IBL Banca's direct link with: 
• 
the remote-banking system;  
• 
the Italian Post Office through protected Internet access.  
With such connections in place, IBL Banca is able to monitor the current accounts daily, and to maintain 
a constantly updated situation on the status of the payments. 
The credit monitoring area is responsible for the management of the collections and in particular it carries 
on the following activities: 
1. 
Evaluation of new employers 
Once the request for a CDQ/DP comes from an employee whose employer is not already registered, into 
IBL Banca systems, the bank collects significant information on the employer, amongst which: 
- 
company data from public data providers, for the registration of the employer into IBL Banca 
systems and for the classification of the company (private, public, state-owned, Ente Poste or 
Ferrovie dello Stato); 
- 
company contact details and offices in charge of making salary payments; 
- 
further information for certain state-owned entities (i.e. INPS) 
2. 
Management of collections 
This stage of the process involves the management of the instalments that become due (i.e. identification 
of instalments to be paid, matching of payments with amounts due) and the identification of the loans 
that, for any reasons, are not in line with scheduled payments (because of missed payment or an event 
that triggers the payment of an insurance company). 
This process also includes any necessary changes in payment plans as a result of:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
• 
suspension, where there is a missed payment or a partial payment of one or more instalments 
consequent upon events provided for and regulated contractually. These are generally due to one of 
the following situations: 
o 
redundancy; 
o 
unpaid leave; 
o 
any reason in general that results in a reduction in pay of more than 30%. 
• 
deferral of starting date, where the contractual starting date for the payment plan differs from 
when the deductions start to be put into effect by the assigned debtor; 
• 
administration changes, where the debtor is transferred to another unit, department or office of 
the same employer or to another employer. 
3. 
Reimbursement (amounts paid back to borrowers) management 
Reimbursements occur in cases of: 
• 
Payments exceeding the scheduled payment; 
• 
interest paid notwithstanding prepayments (the employer pays the full amount due 
including interest not yet accrued). 
In such cases IBL: 
• 
checks the existence of the amount exceeding the scheduled payment; 
• 
issues a reimbursement document; 
• 
receives a copy of the reimbursement document countersigned by the client; 
• 
records the reimbursement. 
4. 
Prepayments 
Prepayments occur in the following circumstances: 
• 
The loan is re-financed; 
• 
Following a written request by the client; 
• 
Following an event which triggers a payment by the insurance company; 
• 
the Loan is prepaid due to the early termination of the employment relationship because 
of payment by the employer/pensions agency of the relevant severance indemnity 
(trattamento di fine rapporto). 
5. 
Reporting 
Reports summarising information on new and existing loans, and on collections expected are periodically 
issued with the aim to support the collection management process. 
Ascertaining non-performing loans and taking credit recovery action in or out of court

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
A loan that performs anomalously is one that is out of line with the payment plan as a result of: 
• 
arrears, where there is failure by the borrower to perform obligations exactly. The collection 
manager checks on the causes of the failure to pay the sums due, which can lead to: 
o 
the classification of the loan as past-due and the consequent charging of interest on the delayed 
payment; 
o 
the termination of the instalment plan and the benefit of time limit, with the residual balance due 
in a single payment. 
o 
suspension of payments 
• 
insurance claims, where the customer dies or the contract of employment is terminated. In such 
cases the Insurance Department lodges a claim with the insurance company; 
• 
non-performing loans, where a borrower has arrears greater than the limits laid down in the 
supervisory provisions. 
The checking and the management of these situations generally involves highlighting within the company 
which companies are defaulting and notifying them and their customers of the problems associated with 
non-payment (by individual correspondence, notice to perform, the allocation of a term for performance, 
court action and debt collection). 
If the event is covered by insurance, after the event has been investigated it is reported the insurance 
company to make a claim for the sum due. In cases of employment contingencies there will be a 
preliminary check on whether the customer has moved to another employer. In such cases notification is 
given by the bank to the new employer so that the latter can meet the requirements for the repayment of 
the loan. 
Arrears 
The Company controls the exact status of the payments with respect to both the contractual obligations 
and the amounts paid by the employer Administrations, evidencing any anomalies and proceeding to 
activate collection through written solicitation of the payments. 
The Company checks to see that the payments have been regularly made on the basis of the amortization 
plans, showing any past-due payments and/or positions for which payments have been suspended. 
Recovery procedures are activated for past-due amounts such as: 
• 
3 instalments unpaid.  
• 
1 instalment unpaid for 3 months 
• 
The unpaid amount is more than 100 euro except for those loans with the amount of the monthly 
payment that is less than 100 euro. 
• 
Instead, an active approach is taken to managing positions for which payments have been legally 
suspended due to the reduction of one-third or more of the borrower's monthly wage (e.g. 
maternity leave, leave of absence, etc.) 
The management of the arrears positions takes into account (in terms of the analysis of the unpaid 
amounts) a grace period of 60 days with respect to the actual contractual due date provided by the 
amortization plan. This grace period covers a 30-day period provided by law for the payment of the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
instalments by the Administrations and another 30-day period for the technical reconciliation of the 
collections. 
Depending on the information reported by the collections area, the management of the past-due position 
will proceed according to one of the following approaches:  
• 
Out-of-court proceedings to recover the credit: 
• 
Solicitation; 
• 
Warning;  
• 
Court proceedings (litigation initiated upon the expiration of the fifth payment due and not paid): 
• 
Termination of instalment plan. 
Whenever an instalment has not been paid, the credit monitoring area immediately arranges to contact: 
• 
the customer: 
• 
to advise of the non-payment of the instalments  
• 
to solicit the payment;  
• 
the Administration: 
• 
to advise of the non-payment of the instalments; 
• 
to request the settlement of the past-due amounts. 
The activity takes 90 days of work consisting in making telephone calls, sending letters or sending e-mail 
or PEC to the customer and to the employer.  
For retired people the activity is managed by an external supplier. 
At the end of this 90 days period, all those contracts that are not regularized or that have not become a 
claim are sent to an external supplier for a 90 days period of treatment. During this period, if we don’t 
receive: 
• 
notice from the customer explaining the non-payment; 
• 
notice from the Administration explaining the non-payment; 
• 
settlement of the past-due amounts and the most recent payment due; 
the external supplier will send another written notice warning the Administration and the customer to 
effect payment, showing that the delay will automatically result in the accrual of interest on the past-due 
amounts. 
For those contracts that are still in arrears after this external treatment the work flow continues to: 
• 
Internal treatment if the unpaid amount is higher than 1,500 euros 
• 
External treatment by another supplier if the unpaid amount is less than 1,500 euros

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
This is the point in which the collection activities provide for advising the customer of a deadline of 30 
days for effecting the payment, evidencing that the following shall occur should the payment not be 
received within such period: 
• 
the instalment plan shall be annulled and the benefit of term lost 
• 
legal proceedings shall be initiated for the recovery of the credit. 
Once the 30-day period has elapsed, credit collection makes an evaluation of the files, finalised to carry 
out further extrajudicial collection activities or to start legal proceedings are begun if the economic 
situation of the customer allows it. 
In this case, the credit collection area: 
- 
sends all documentation produced to the legal office for the opening of the proceedings; 
- 
consults monthly with the legal office regarding the status of the proceedings, and draws up a 
report in relation to the status of portfolio in legal cases. 
The causes of the suspension provided by the laws governing loans backed by the pledge to transfer 
wages automatically translate into an extension of the contractual maturity of the loan. During the 
suspension period the loan is classified as arrears but the bank does not take any legal action against 
the client. 
Insurance claims 
The Company presents claims to the insurers in the case of the borrower's loss of employment or life, 
and then tracks the case to ensure the compensation is promptly paid as agreed. 
Claims are filed in the event of: 
1. 
Death of the borrower 
In the event of the death of the customer prior to the contractual expiration date, the credit monitoring 
area will: 
• 
classify the loan as "subject to claim", as soon as the death certificate is produced, and 
will then close the credit position with respect to the borrower and open a file with the 
insurer; 
• 
file the loss claim with the insurer, making sure to attach: 
• 
the request for the repayment of all instalments not yet due; 
• 
a copy of the policy; 
• 
a copy of the death certificate; 
• 
gather and send the documentation needed for the insurance settlement; 
• 
verify the regular settlement of the claim by the insurer, soliciting payment in the event of 
any delay. 
2. 
Loss of the status of full-time employee

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
In the event of the termination of the employment relationship, the credit monitoring area will provide 
notice thereof to the insurance company, and ascertain the nature of the termination of the relationship 
which may result in: 
a) 
the borrower being transferred to another Administration or the borrower being hired by 
another employer; 
b) 
the loss of the borrower's status as a full-time employee. 
In the case a), the Company will determine if the borrower: 
• 
has been transferred to another company. If this is the case, the Company will verify that the 
Administration has sent to the new Administration the documentation relative to the financing 
so that the latter can begin withholding the loan payments from the borrower's wage and 
remitting them in accordance with the amortization plan; 
• 
has advised the Administration of his being employed by another employer. The Company may 
also verify this directly with the borrower. In this case, the contract is provided to the new 
employer so that the new employer can begin withholding the loan payments from the 
borrower's wage and remitting them in accordance with the amortization plan 
In case b), the Company will: 
• 
classify the loan as "subject to claim"; 
• 
check to ensure that the Administration remits to the Company the severance indemnities accrued 
for the account of the employee and such amounts will be used to cover part of the residual debt; 
• 
file a definitive loss claim with the insurance company, making sure to attach: 
• 
the request for reimbursement of the loan instalments net yet due, net of the severance 
indemnities; 
• 
copy of the policy; 
• 
verify the regular settlement of the claim by the insurer, soliciting payment in the event of a delay, 
and once payment has been made, close the position with respect to the borrower. 
Management of the non-performing loans 
Considering the collection reports, the Administrations will be classified as "in default" in cases in which: 
• 
the Company has specific information about the Administration (e.g. existence of insolvency 
proceedings in process); 
• 
the Company has general information about the Administration, and in this case, the default 
classification needs to be authorized by senior management (such information may include the 
most recent internal rating, a high number of losses, and information available to the public 
indicating a critical situation at the Administration). 
Default on the part of any organization concerned means that any further loan applications from any 
persons depending on the particular employer or agency will not be approved. 
Workout and recovery procedures

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
After the bank has carried out all the activities listed above with reference to the management of arrears 
or after the employer has been classified as "non-performing" the bank carries out an out of court dispute 
resolution procedure (also through outsourcers), in order to solicit the payment by the borrowers. This 
procedure consists of the following activities: 
(1) phone collection; 
(2) mail solicit; 
(3) injunctions; 
In case such out of court dispute resolution procedure should fail, the bank prepares a memo for its legal 
advisers with the aim to evaluate a possible legal action. 
Thereafter it proceeds with the following actions: 
A) 
Workout 
The Company embarks on the initiatives it deems most suitable for working out any precarious credit 
positions, entering into legal action or taking action out of court with respect to the principal debtor and 
any guarantors/co-obligors. Such action may be taken directly by the Company or through its legal 
advisors. 
Once a position has been placed on the watchlist and the actions undertaken by credit collection area for 
the out-of-court recovery of the credit have been documented, the legal department will embark on the 
recovery proceedings admitted by the law, through mainly: 
- 
injunctions (Articles 633 and the articles thereafter of the Code of Civil Procedure); 
- 
injunctions to pay (Articles 474 and the articles thereafter of the Code of Civil Procedure); 
- 
foreclosures with respect to third parties (Articles 543 and the articles thereafter of the Code of 
Civil Procedure); 
- 
specific activities related to Companies that are in default ( i.e. Bankuptcy or similar) 
B) 
Reporting to senior management 
The Credit Collection Department, during the Credit Committee that is held monthly generally, reports to 
senior management the positions it deems to be classified as "non-performing" (sofferenza). The Credit 
Committee analyses positions to be written off if there are no chance to collect the unpaid amount 
anymore.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
With reference to each Transaction, the total proceeds of the issue of the relevant Series of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer to pay to the Originator the Purchase Price for the relevant Portfolio in accordance 
with the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement, to create 
(i) the Liquidity Reserve on the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account opened in respect of such Transaction 
and (ii) the Additional Reserve on the relevant Additional Reserve Account opened in respect of such 
Transaction and to credit the relevant Expenses Account opened in respect of such Transaction with the 
relevant Retention Amount.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
THE ACCOUNTS 
The Issuer will open and, subject to the terms of the Transaction Documents, shall at all times maintain the 
following accounts, in respect of each Transaction. 
1. 
Collection Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Collection Account with the 
Collection Account Bank. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Programme Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer shall transfer on a daily basis to such Collection Account all the Collections and the Recoveries 
received or recovered by it in respect of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio. 
2. 
Back-Up Collection Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Back-Up Collection Account 
with the Transaction Bank. In the event that IBL Banca (or the Issuer) becomes aware that should IBL Banca 
remain as Collection Account Bank this would have a negative credit impact on the Rated Notes of such Series, 
all amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collection Account as of such date will be transferred by IBL 
Banca into the relevant Back-Up Collection Account, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
3. 
Payments Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Payments Account with the 
Transaction Bank. All amounts due to the Issuer under any of the Programme Documents and any of the 
relevant Series Documents will be paid into the relevant Payments Account (other than the Collections, which 
will be transferred into the relevant Payments Account 2 (two) Business Days prior to each relevant Payment 
Date). 
4. 
Liquidity Reserve Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account 
with the Transaction Bank. On the relevant Issue Date, the relevant Liquidity Reserve Initial Amount shall be 
transferred into the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account and, thereafter, on each Payment Date before the 
delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the relevant Liquidity Reserve Target Amount shall be 
transferred into the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account. 
5. 
Additional Reserve Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Additional Reserve Account 
with the Transaction Bank. On the relevant Issue Date, the relevant Additional Reserve Initial Amount shall be 
transferred into the relevant Additional Reserve Account and, thereafter, on each Payment Date before the 
delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the relevant Additional Reserve Target Amount shall be 
transferred into the relevant Additional Reserve Account. 
6. 
Management Fee Reserve Account 
With reference to each Transaction:  
- 
pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the 
relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Management Fee Reserve 
Account with the Transaction Bank.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
- 
on the relevant Issue Date, the relevant Management Fee Reserve Target Amount shall be 
transferred by the Originator into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account. 
- 
on each relevant Payment Date, the relevant Management Fee Reserve Increased Amount, 
as specified in the relevant Servicer’s Report issued as of the immediately preceding relevant 
Servicer’s Report Date, shall be credited by the Originator into the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Account. 
- 
the relevant Management Fee Reserve Released Amount (if any) will be repaid by the Issuer 
to the Originator on a monthly basis on each relevant Payment Date without applying the 
relevant Priority of Payments, in all circumstances in accordance with the Programme 
Documents and the relevant Series Documents. 
- 
the relevant Management Fee Prepayment Amount (if any) as specified by the Calculation 
Agent under the relevant Payments Report (or the Post Acceleration Payments Report, as the 
case may be) will be transferred from the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account to the 
relevant Payments Account on or prior to any Payment Date. 
- 
all amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account, on the 
Business Day after the Payment Date on which the Notes of the relevant Series are redeemed 
in full or cancelled, will be paid to the Originator. 
7. 
Expenses Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, the Issuer will establish the relevant Expenses Account with the 
Collection Account Bank into which, on the relevant Issue Date, the Retention Amount will be credited. During 
each Collection Period, the Retention Amount will be used by the Issuer to pay the Expenses. To the extent 
that the amount standing to the credit of the relevant Expenses Account on any Payment Date is lower than 
the Retention Amount, the Issuer shall credit available amounts to the relevant Expenses Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
8. 
Investment Account 
With reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, the Investment Account may be opened by the Issuer with the Investment Account Bank for the 
purpose of making Eligible Investments.  
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, should the Investment 
Account be opened in respect of a Transaction, during each relevant Interest Period, monies standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Reserve Account, Additional Reserve Account and the Collection Account will, from time 
to time, be transferred by the relevant Account Bank to such Investment Account if so instructed by the Cash 
Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, in order to be used by the Investment Account Bank (as instructed by the Cash Manager 
acting on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement) for making Eligible Investments having an eligible investment maturity date falling no later than 
the second Business Day immediately preceding any relevant Payment Date, provided that, any revenues and 
other amounts matured or deriving from the Eligible Investments will be transferred by the Investment Account 
Bank, following their liquidation, to the Payments Account opened in respect of such Transaction promptly 
upon receipt and in any case not later than 2 (two) Business Days prior to each Payment Date, to form part of 
the relevant Series Available Funds. 
The Issuer will be the sole responsible for any Eligible Investments made pursuant to the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and therefore the Cash Manager will not have any 
discretion in relation to any Eligible Investment and it shall act only on behalf and upon instructions of the 
Issuer, as provided for in the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
9. 
Quota Capital Account

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the Issuer has 
established the Quota Capital Account with IBL Banca for the purpose of depositing its quota capital. 
10. 
Collateral Account 
In the event that amounts are to be posted by a Series Swap Counterparty as collateral pursuant to a credit 
support annex entered into pursuant to the relevant Series Swap Agreement (any such amount, the "Collateral 
Amounts"), the Issuer will promptly open - in respect of the relevant Transaction - a separate Collateral 
Account with any banking institution which shall be an Eligible Institution and which will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Collateral Account Bank") into which the relevant Series Swap Counterparty/ies 
shall pay the Collateral Amounts in accordance with the relevant Series Swap Agreement, provided that the 
relevant Collateral Account Bank shall accede to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement 
and execute the relevant Series CAMPA. 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, in respect of each 
Transaction, the Issuer will maintain each of the Payments Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the 
Additional Reserve Account, the Management Fee Reserve Account and the Investment Account (together, 
with the relevant Expenses Account, the "Series Issuer’s Accounts") with the Transaction Bank and the 
Investment Account Bank for as long as such Account Bank is an Eligible Institution. Should the relevant 
Account Bank no longer be an Eligible Institution, each of the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts held with it will 
be transferred to an Eligible Institution within 30 calendar days from the date on which such Account Bank 
ceased to be an Eligible Institution.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
COMPLIANCE WITH STS REQUIREMENTS 
Pursuant to article 18 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, a number of requirements must be met if the 
originator and the SSPE (as defined in the Securitisation Regulation) wish to use the designation “STS” 
or “simple, transparent and standardised” for securitisation transactions initiated by them.  
The Originator will use the service of PCS, as a a third party verifying STS compliance authorised under 
article 28 of the EU Securitisation Regulation in connection with the STS Verificationand the CRR 
Assessment. It is expected that the STS Verificationand the CRR Assessment  prepared by PCS will be 
available on the PCS website (https://pcsmarket.org/sts-verification-transactions/) together with a 
detailed explanation of its scope at https://pcsmarket.org/disclaimer/. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
PCS website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
provided that each Transaction qualified as STS under the Programme will or will continue to 
qualify as an STS-securitisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation on the relevant Issue Date 
of each Series of Notes or at any point in time in the future. None of the Issuer, the Originator, the 
Co-Arrangers, the Subscribers, the Representative of the Noteholders, or any other party to the 
Transaction Documents makes any representation or accepts any liability for the Securitisation to qualify 
as an STS-ecuritisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation on the relevant Issue Date of each Series 
of Notes or at any point in time in the future. Furthermore, it should be noted that as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus the Notes are not expected to satisfy the requirements stemming from article 13 of the 
LCR Delegated Regulation. 
Without prejudice to the above, prospective investors in the Notes of the relevant Series should be aware 
that, on the basis of the information available with respect to the EU Securitisation Regulation and related 
regulations and interpretations (incuding, without limitation, the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria) and 
regulations and interpretations in draft form at the time of this Base Prospectus (including with regard to 
the risk retention requirements under article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, transparency 
obligations imposed under article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the homogeneity criteria set 
out in article 20(8) of the EU Securitisation Regulation), and subject to any changes made therein after 
the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 1, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer 
Agreement, the Originator will assign and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) and in block (in 
blocco) to the Issuer, which will purchase, in accordance with the provisions of articles 1 and 4 
of the Securitisation Law, all of its right, title and interest in and to the relevant Portfolio. The 
transfer of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio will be rendered enforceable 
against any third party creditors of the Originator (including any insolvency receiver of the same) 
through (i) the publication of a notice of transfer in the Official Gazette, and (ii) the registration 
of the transfer in the companies’ register of Rome. The true sale nature of the transfer of the 
Receivables and the validity and enforceability of the same will be covered by the legal opinion 
issued by the legal counsel to the Co-Arrangers, which will be made available to PCS (or any 
other third party verifying STS compliance the Originator may appoint) and may be disclosed to 
any relevant competent authority referred to in article 29 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Furthermore, the Italian insolvency laws do not contain severe clawback provisions within the 
meaning of articles 20(2) and 20(3), of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines 
on STS Criteria; 
 
(b) 
for the purpose of compliance with articles 20, paragraph 2 and 3 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Originator has 
represented that it is a joint stock company authorized to operate as a bank and its “centre of 
main interests” (as that term is used in article 3(1) of the Regulation (EU) no. 848/2015 of 20 
May 2015 on insolvency proceedings) is located within the territory of the Republic of Italy; 
therefore, the Originator would be subject to Italian insolvency laws that do not contain severe 
clawback provisions;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(c) 
with respect to article 20, paragraph 4 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Receivables arise 
from Loan Agreements directly entered into by the Originator as lender (for further details, see 
the section headed “Portfolios”); therefore, the requirements of article 20(4) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation are not applicable;  
 
(d) 
with respect to article 20 paragraph 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the transfer of the 
Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio will be rendered enforceable against any third 
party creditors of the Originator (including any insolvency receiver of the same) through (i) the 
publication of a notice of transfer in the Official Gazette, and (ii) the registration of the transfer 
in the companies’ register of Rome; therefore, the requirements of article 20(5), of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation are not applicable;  
 
(e) 
with respect to article 20, paragraph 6, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, under the 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented and warranted 
that, as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio will 
not be, encumbered or otherwise in a condition that can be foreseen to adversely affect the 
enforceability of the true sale to the Issuer (for further details, see the sections headed “The 
Portfolio” and “Description of the Programme Documents – Programme Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”); 
 
(f) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
(a) each Portfolio transferred to the Issuer has to meet the Common Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria; (b) none of the Transaction Documents will provide for (i) the management of the 
relevant Portfolio in such a way which makes the performance of each Transaction dependent  
on the discretionary management of such Portfolio by the Servicer; or (ii) the management of 
the portfolio in such a way which is conducted for speculative purposes aiming to achieve better 
performance, increased yield, overall financial returns or other purely financial or economic 
benefit (for further details, see the sections headed “Description of the Transaction Documents 
– Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement”; “Description of the Transaction Documents –
the “Transfer Agreement”);  
 
(g) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented 
and warranted that, as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, the 
Receivables comprised in each Portfolio will be homogeneous in terms of asset type taking into 
account the specific characteristics relating to the cash flows of the asset type including their 
contractual, credit-risk and prepayment characteristics, given that: (a) all Receivables will be 
originated by IBL Banca, in the Originator’s ordinary course of business, based on similar loan 
disbursement policies which apply similar approaches to the assessment of credit risk 
associated with the underlying exposures; (b) all Receivables will be, serviced by IBL Banca 
according to the same servicing procedures; (c) all Receivables will fall within the same asset 
category of the regulatory technical standards named “credit facilities to individuals for personal, 
family or household consumption purposes”; and (d) the Common Criteria provide for, inter alia, 
geographic concentration in Italy. All Debtors, in fact, are and will be resident in Italy. In addition, 
under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented and 
warranted that (i) each of the Receivables derives from duly executed Loan Agreements; (ii) 
each Loan Agreement and each other agreement, deed or document relating thereto is valid 
and constitutes binding and enforceable obligations, with full recourse to the Debtors; and (iii) 
as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio does not 
and will not, as the case may be, comprise any transferable securities, as defined in point (44) 
of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU. Finally, pursuant to the Common Criteria set out in the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Loans will be repayable in instalments 
pursuant to the relevant amortising plan (for further details, see the sections headed “The 
Portfolio” and “Description of the Transaction Documents – Programme Receivables Purchase

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Agreement”).In addition, for the purposes of article 243(2) letter (b) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/2401 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms, the Receivables will meet the conditions for being assigned, under the Standardised 
Approach (as defined in such regulation) and taking into account any eligible credit risk 
mitigation, a risk weight equal to or smaller than 75 % on an individual exposure basis, being 
consumer loans and therefore exposure to retail;  
 
(h) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 9 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented and 
warranted that as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each 
Portfolio will not comprise any securitisation positions (for further details, see the sections 
headed “The Portfolios” and “Description of the Transaction Documents – Programme Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement”); 
 
(i) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented and 
warranted that (i) each of the Receivables will derive from duly executed Loan Agreements 
which have been granted by IBL Banca in its ordinary course of business, (ii) IBL Banca has 
expertise in originating exposures of CDQ loans  of the same nature to those which will be 
assigned under each Transaction for at least 5 years; (iii) the Loans have been granted in 
accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy applicable from time to time that are not less 
stringent than the loan disbursement policies applied by IBL Banca at the time of origination to 
similar exposures that will not be assigned under each Transaction; (iv) IBL Banca has assessed 
and will assess the Debtors’ creditworthiness in compliance with the requirements set out in 
article 8 of Directive 2008/48/EC. In addition, under the Programme Servicing Agreement and 
the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, IBL Banca has undertaken to fully disclose to potential 
investors in the Notes, any material changes occurring in the Credit and Collection Policy 
applicable from time to time in respect of the Receivables, pursuant to article 20(10) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria (for further details, see the 
sections headed “Portfolios” and “Description of the Transaction Documents – Programme 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”, and “Programme Intercreditor Agreement”);  
 
(j) 
in compliance with article 20, paragraph 11 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, under the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Programme Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, the Originator has represented and warranted that, as at the relevant Valuation 
Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio will not include Receivables qualified 
as exposures in default within the meaning of article 178, paragraph 1, of Regulation (EU) no. 
575/2013 or as exposures to a credit-impaired debtor or guarantor, who, to the best of IBL 
Banca’s knowledge (i) has been declared insolvent or has had a court grant his/her creditors a 
final non-appealable right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a missed payment 
within three years prior to the relevant date of origination or will have undergone, as the case 
may be, a debt-restructuring process with regard to his/her non-performing exposures within 
three years prior to the date of the relevant Valuation Date; (ii) was at the time of origination, 
where applicable, on a public credit registry of persons with adverse credit history; or (iii) has a 
credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of contractually agreed payments not 
being made is significantly higher than the ones of comparable exposures held by IBL Banca 
which will not be assigned under the relevant Transaction (for further details, see the section 
headed “The Portfolios and Description of the Transaction Documents – Programme Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement” and the “Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement”); 
 
(k) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 12 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Common Criteria set out in the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Receivables comprised in each Portfolio will arise from Loans in respect of which at least

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
the first instalment of the relevant amortization plan  and have been paid by the relevant Debtor 
as at the relevant Valuation Date (for further details, see the section headed “The Portfolios”);  
 
(l) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 13 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
as the Receivables arise from unsecured Loan Agreements, there are no security interests 
securing the Receivables; therefore, the repayment of the Notes has not been structured to 
depend predominantly on the sale of any asset (for further details, see the sections headed “The 
Portfolios”);  
 
(m) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 1 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has undertaken, in respect of each Series of 
Notes issued from 1 January 2019, to retain, on an on-going basis, a material net economic 
interest of not less than 5 (five) per cent. in each relevant Transaction, in accordance with one 
of the options of article 6(3), of the EU Securitisation Regulation, as specified in the Final Terms 
applicable to such Series – (for further details, see the sections headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Intercreditor Agreement” and “Regulatory disclosure and retention 
undertaking”); 
 
(n) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 2 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
in order to mitigate any interest rate risk connected with the Rated Notes, on or about the 
relevant Issue Date, the Issuer may enter into an interest rate hedging agreement or the interest 
rate option (or any other agreement having the same interest rate hedging economic and 
financial purpose) (if any) (the “Series Swap Agreement”) (for further details, see Condition 7.5 
(Rate of Interest) and the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Series 
Swap Agreement”).  
Moreover, under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Originator has represented and 
warranted that as at the relevant Transfer Date each Receivable does not comprise (or will not 
comprise with reference to any Receivable included in each Portfolio) any derivative. In addition, 
there is no currency risk since (i) under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the 
Originator has represented and warranted that the Receivables arise from Loan Agreements 
which are denominated in Euro, and (ii) pursuant to the Conditions, the Notes are denominated 
in Euro (for further details, see the sections headed “Description of the Transaction Documents 
– Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”, “General Description of the Programme” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Rated Notes”);  
 
(o) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 3 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Conditions the rate of interest applicable to the Rated Notes is calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR (for further details, see the sections headed “Condition 7.5 (Rate of 
Interest)); therefore, any referenced interest payments under the Receivables and the Rated 
Notes are based on generally used market interest rates and does not reference complex 
formulae or derivative;  
 
(p) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 4 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Conditions, following the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, (i) no 
amount of cash shall be trapped in the Issuer beyond what is necessary to ensure the 
operational functioning of the Issuer or the orderly payments of the amounts due under the 
Notes of each Series in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments and 
pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents; (ii) as to the repayment of principal, the 
Senior Notes of each Series will continue to rank in priority to the Mezzanine Notes of such 
Series (if any) and the Junior Notes of the relevant Series, and the Mezzanine Notes of each 
Series (if any) will continue to rank in priority to the Junior Notes of such Series, but subordinated 
to the Senior Notes of the relevant Series, whereas the Class J Notes of each Series will be 
subordinated to the Senior Notes of such Series and the Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Series 
(if any) as before the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice; and (iii) the Issuer (or the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Representative of the Noteholders on its behalf) may (with the consent of an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Noteholders of such Series then outstanding) or shall – 
as the case may be in accordance with the Conditions – (if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Noteholders of such Series then outstanding) dispose of 
the Portfolio, subject to the terms and conditions of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, it 
being understood that no provisions shall require the automatic liquidation of the Portfolio (for 
further details, see “Condition 6.2 (Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments”) and “Condition 12 
(Transaction Acceleration Events and Programme Purchase Acceleration Events)”);  
 
(q) 
the requirements of article 21, paragraph 5, of the EU Securitisation Regulation are not 
applicable. In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, in fact, (a) the 
Senior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference or priority 
among themselves for all purposes, but in priority to the Mezzanine Notes (if any) and the Junior 
Notes of such Series; (b) the Mezzanine Notes of such Series (if any) will rank pari passu and 
pro-rata without any preference or priority among themselves for all purposes, but subordinated 
to the Senior Notes of such Series and in priority to the Junior Notes of such Series; (c) the 
Junior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference or priority 
among themselves for all purposes, but subordinated to the Senior Notes and the Mezzanine 
Notes (if any) of such Series, provided that for so long as there are Class A Notes outstanding, 
following the occurrence of a Class B Notes Series Performance Trigger, interest accruing on 
the Class B Notes will be subordinated to the payment of principal on the Class A Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6.3 (Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers) and the Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments, subject to the availability of the relevant Series Available 
Funds. 
 
(r) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 6, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Conditions, there are appropriate Transaction Acceleration Events the 
occurrence of which shall procure the Notes of the relevant Series to be due and repayable, 
following which all payments of principal, interest and other amounts due in respect of such 
Notes shall be made according to the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments and on such dates 
as the Representative of the Noteholders may determine, including, inter alia, the following: 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of interests on a Payment Date, as due 
and payable on the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then outstanding, and such 
default is not remedied within a period of five Business Days from the due date thereof;   
 
(iii) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of principal on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date, as due and payable on the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then 
outstanding, and such default is not remedied within a period of five Business Days from 
the due date thereof;  
 
(iv) 
a Programme Purchase Termination Event under Condition 12.5.1 (Insolvency of the 
Issuer) or 12.5.2 (Unlawfulness) has occurred and the Representative of the Noteholders 
and/or the Programme Administrator has delivered a Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice; 
 
For further details, see the sections headed “Terms and Conditions of the Rated Notes”. 
 
(r) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the contractual obligations, duties and responsibilities of the Master Servicer, the Servicer and 
the Representative of the Noteholders and the other service providers are set out in the relevant 
Transaction Documents (for further details, see the sections headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Programme Servicing Agreement”, “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement”, 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Corporate Services Agreement” and “Conditions”).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
In addition, the Programme Servicing Agreement and the Programme Back-Up Servicing 
Agreement contain provisions aimed at ensuring that a default by or an insolvency of the Master 
Servicer, and/or the Servicer, does not result in a termination of the servicing of the Portfolio, by 
the replacement of the defaulted or insolvent Master Servicer and/or Servicer with the Back-Up 
Servicer or a substitute servicer, (for further details, see the sections headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Programme Servicing Agreement” and “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Programme Back-Up Servicing Agreement”). Finally, the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series Swap 
Agreement (if any) contain or will contain provisions aimed at ensuring the replacement of the 
Account Banks and the relevant Series Swap Counterparty, respectively in case of their default, 
insolvency or other specified events. (For further details, see the section headed “Description of 
the Transaction Documents – Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement”, “Description of the Transaction Documents – Series Swap Agreement” and 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Programme Intercreditor Agreement”);  
 
(s) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21 paragraph 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Servicing Agreement the Servicer has represented and warranted that it 
has expertise in servicing exposures of the same nature to those securitised for more than 5 
(five) years and has well-documented and adequate policies, procedures and risk-management 
controls relating to the servicing of exposures. In addition, pursuant to the Programme Servicing 
Agreement, the Programme Back-Up Servicer and any substitute servicer shall have expertise 
in servicing exposures of a similar nature to those securitised and well-documented and 
adequate policies, procedures and risk-management controls relating to the servicing of 
exposures (for further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Programme Servicing Agreement”);  
 
(t) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 9 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Programme Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy attached thereto set 
out in clear and consistent terms definitions, remedies and actions relating to delinquency and 
default of debtors, debt restructuring, debt forgiveness, forbearance, payment holidays, losses, 
charge offs, recoveries and other asset performance remedies (for further details, see the 
sections headed “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Programme Servicing 
Agreement” and “The Credit and Collection Policy”). In addition, the Transaction Documents 
clearly specify the Priorities of Payments, the events which trigger changes in such Priorities of 
Payments as well as the obligation to report such events, and any change in the Priority of 
Payments which will materially adversely affect the repayment of the Notes of the relevant 
Series. Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, (i) the 
Calculation Agent has undertaken to prepare, on each Sec Reg Report Date, the Sec Reg 
Investor Report and to deliver it via email to the Originator setting out certain information with 
respect to the Notes of each Series (including, inter alia, the events which trigger changes in the 
Priorities of Payments), in compliance with the EU Securitisation Regulation, and the Originator 
has undertaken to make it available to the investors in the Notes on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/);  
 
(u) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 21, paragraph 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders attached thereto) and 
the Programme Intercreditor Agreement contain clear provisions that facilitate the timely 
resolution of conflicts between Noteholders of different Classes, clearly define and allocate 
voting rights to Noteholders and clearly identify the responsibilities of the Representative of the 
Noteholders (for further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - The Programme Intercreditor” and “Terms and Conditions of the Rated Notes ”); 
 
 
(v) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 22 paragraph 1 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement IBL Banca has confirmed that (i) it will make

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
available to potential investors in the Notes of the relevant Series before pricing, on the website 
of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/), data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, 
such as delinquency and default data, for substantially similar exposures to those being 
securitised, and the sources of those data and the basis for claiming similarity, provided that 
such data cover a period of at least 5 (five) years, and (ii) as Originator, it will be in possession, 
before pricing, of data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, such as 
delinquency and default data for substantially similar exposures to those being securitised, and 
the sources of those data and the basis for claiming similarity, provided that such data cover a 
period of at least 5 (five) years (for further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents –Intercreditor Agreement”);  
 
 
(w) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 22 paragraph 2 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
an external verification (including verification that the data disclosed in this Base Prospectus in 
respect of the Receivables is accurate) will be made in respect of the relevant Portfolio prior to 
relevant the Issue Date by an appropriate and independent party and no significant adverse 
findings have been found.  
 
 
(x) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 22 paragraph 3 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Conditions, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each 
Series CAMPA, IBL Banca has confirmed and will confirm that (i) it will make available to 
potential investors in the Notes of the relevant Series before pricing, on the platform IntexCALC 
(being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, www.intex.com), all the information related to the 
relevant Portfolio in order to allow investors to run a liability cash flow model which precisely 
represents the contractual relationship between the Receivables and the payments flowing 
between the Originator, the investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer, and (ii) as 
Originator, it has been in possession, before pricing, of a liability cash flow model which precisely 
represents the contractual relationship between the Receivables and the payments flowing 
between the Originator, the investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer. In addition, 
it will make available to potential investors in the Notes before pricing the information under point 
(a) of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation upon request and the information and 
documents under points (b) and (d) of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation in draft 
form, and (ii) as Originator, it will be, before pricing, in possession of the data relating to each 
Loan (and therefore it has not requested to receive the information under point (a) of the first 
subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation) and of the information and 
documents under points (b) and (d) of the first subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation;  
 
 
(y) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 22, paragraph 4 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Receivables securitised are not residential loans, auto loans nor leases; therefore, the 
requirements of article 22(4), of the EU Securitisation Regulation are not applicable; 
 
 
(z) 
for the purposes of compliance with article 22, paragraph 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto have acknowledged that the 
Originator shall be responsible for compliance with article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Originator has agreed that IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, 
is designated as Reporting Entity, pursuant to and for the purposes of article 7(2), of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and, in such capacity as Reporting Entity, it has fulfilled before pricing 
and/or shall fulfil after the relevant Issue Date, as the case may be, the reporting requirements 
pursuant to points (a), (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of the first subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation by making available the relevant information on the website of 
European 
DataWarehouse 
(being, 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/). As to post-closing information, (i) the Calculation Agent shall prepare 
the Sec Reg Investor Report and deliver it to the Originator who shall make it available, together

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
with the Sec Reg Asset Level Report prepared by the Servicer, to the investors in the Notes of 
each Series by publishing them on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/) and the Originator shall prepare and 
deliver to the investors in the Notes of each Series without undue delay the Inside Information 
Report and the Significant Event Report, in compliance with points (f) and (g) of the first 
subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and make them available to the 
investors in the Notes without undue delay by publishing it on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
 
Moreover, the Originator has undertaken that any of such information, following the Issue Date 
of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, will: 
 
(i) 
be 
published, 
on 
a 
monthly 
basis, 
on 
the 
Originator’s 
web 
site 
(www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations) and included in the Investors Report of the 
relevant Transaction on the basis and to the extent of the information received by 
the Master Servicer in the relevant Servicer’s Report. It is understood that the 
Investors Report shall be deemed to have been produced on behalf of the 
Originator, under the Originator’s full responsibility, with reference to the 
information described in this section that the Originator has the obligation to make 
available to investors under the Retention and Transparency Rules; 
(ii) 
with reference to the further information which from time to time may be deemed 
necessary under the Retention and Transparency Rules in accordance with the 
market practice and not covered under (i) above (if any), be published on the 
Originator's website or through the Investor Report in accordance with paragraph 
(i) above.  
In addition, the Originator shall make available, by publishing it on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/), a 
copy of the final Base Prospectus and the other final Transaction Documents to the investors in 
the Notes by no later than 15 (fifteen) days after the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes, 
and any other document or information that may be required to be disclosed to the investors or 
potential investors in the Notes pursuant to the EU Securitisation Regulation in a timely manner 
(to the extent not already provided by other parties), in each case in accordance with the 
requirements provided by the EU Securitisation Regulation (for further details, see the sections 
headed, “Description of the Transaction Documents –Programme Intercreditor Agreement”).  
 
Criteria for credit-granting  
With reference to article 9 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, under the Programme Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, has represented that (i) it has applied and 
will apply, as the case may be, to the Receivables the same sound and well-defined criteria for credit-
granting which it applies to non-securitised exposures; (ii) it has clearly established the processes for 
approving and, where relevant, amending, renewing and refinancing the Receivables as it applies to the 
exposures it holds; and (iii) has effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in order 
to ensure that credit-granting is based on a thorough assessment of the Debtors’ creditworthiness taking 
appropriate account of factors relevant to verifying the prospect of the Debtors meeting their obligations 
under the Loan Agreements.  
 
Compliance with the STS Requirements is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. 
It is not investment advice whether generally or as defined under Markets in Financial Instruments

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Directive (2014/65/EU) and it is not a credit rating whether generally or as defined under the Credit 
Rating Agency Regulation (1060/2009/EC). 
 
First contact point 
The Originator will be the first contact point for investors in Notes of each Series and competent 
authorities pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 27, paragraph 1, third sub-paragraph, of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
The description of the Programme Documents set out below is an overview of certain features of those 
agreements and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the Programme Documents. 
Prospective investors may inspect copies of the Programme Documents (i) upon request at the following 
e-mail address of the Originator securitisation@iblbanca.it; (ii) at the specified office of each of the 
Representative of the Noteholders and the Italian Paying Agent and (iii), a copy of such documentation, 
within 15 days of the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes, on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/).  
1. 
The Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement 
On the Initial Signing Date, the Originator, and the Issuer entered into the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. Under the Programme, as long as no Programme Purchase 
Termination Notice has been delivered, the Originator has agreed to transfer from time to time to 
the Issuer, which has agreed to purchase, without recourse (pro soluto), all of their rights, title and 
interest in and to Portfolios of Receivables, pursuant to the terms set out in the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
The Purchase Price in respect of each Portfolio is equal to the sum of all Individual Purchase 
Prices of the relevant Receivables included therein. The Purchase Price in respect of each 
Portfolio (if any) will be funded through the proceeds of the issue of a single Series of Notes 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and will be paid by the Issuer on the earlier of (i) the 
date on which all the formalities set out by article 12.1.1 and 12.1.3 of the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement have been performed by the Originator, and (ii) the Issue Date of such 
Series of Notes. 
The sale of each Portfolio, in respect of each Transaction, will be made in accordance with article 
58, paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of the 
Securitisation Law) by virtue of a Transfer Agreement to be entered into between the Originator 
and the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Originator and the Issuer 
have undertaken to perform, in respect of the transfer of each Portfolio, the formalities provided 
under article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as applicable to securitisation transactions 
pursuant to article 4 of the Securitisation Law.  
In addition, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, certain formalities will be performed by the Originator for the purpose of transferring 
to the Issuer the title to the claims deriving from the Insurance Policies which assist the 
Receivables comprised in each Portfolio. 
The Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement contains a number of undertakings by the 
Originator in respect of the activities relating to the Receivables. In particular, the Originator has 
undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables which 
may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any Receivable or adversely affect the benefit which 
the Issuer may derive from the Receivables and in particular not to assign or transfer the 
Receivables to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or 
other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables. The Originator has also 
undertaken not to modify or cancel any term or condition of the Loan Agreements or any 
document to which it is a party relating to the Receivables which may prejudice the Issuer's rights 
to the Receivables, save in the event such modifications or cancellations are provided for by the 
Transaction Documents or required by law.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
In respect of each Transaction under the Programme, the Issuer has granted to the Originator, in 
accordance with article 1331 of the Italian civil code, an option pursuant to which on the relevant 
Clean-Up Option Date, the Originator may repurchase from the Issuer the relevant outstanding 
Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act and 
subject to the conditions set out in the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and 
Condition 8.3 (Optional Redemption) (the "Clean-Up Call Option"). The Issuer has undertaken 
in the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement to apply the purchase price received by the 
Originator following the exercise by the latter of the Clean-Up Call Option in performing the 
optional redemption of the relevant Series of Notes at their Principal Amount Outstanding, 
together with interest accrued thereon in accordance with and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8.3 (Optional Redemption). 
In addition, under the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer has granted to 
the Originator, in accordance with article 1331 of the Italian civil code, an option pursuant to which 
the Originator, in respect of each Transaction, may repurchase from the Issuer individual 
Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio, subject to the conditions and limits set out in the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
The Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement has been amended on March 2020 by the 
parties thereto. 
The Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Compliance with STS requirements 
For the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 1 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer 
Agreement, the Originator will assign and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) and in block (in 
blocco) to the Issuer, which will purchase, in accordance with the provisions of articles 1 and 4 of 
the Securitisation Law, all of its right, title and interest in and to the relevant Portfolio. The transfer 
of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio will be rendered enforceable against any third 
party creditors of the Originator (including any insolvency receiver of the same) through (i) the 
publication of a notice of transfer in the Official Gazette, and (ii) the registration of the transfer in 
the companies’ register of Rome. The true sale nature of the transfer of the Receivables and the 
validity and enforceability of the same will be covered by the legal opinion issued by the legal 
counsel to the Co-Arrangers, which will be made available to PCS (or any other third party 
verifying STS compliancethe Originator may appoint) and may be disclosed to any relevant 
competent authority referred to in article 29 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
 
For the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
(a) each Portfolio transferred to the Issuer has to meet the Common Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria; (b) none of the Transaction Documents will provide for (i) the management of the portfolio 
in such a way which makes the performance of each Transaction dependent on the discretionary 
management of such portfolio by the Servicer; or (ii) the management of the portfolio in such a 
way which is conducted for speculative purposes aiming to achieve better performance, increased 
yield, overall financial returns or other purely financial or economic benefit. 
 
For the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
pursuant to the Common Criteria set out in the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Loans will be repayable in instalments pursuant to the relevant amortising plan. 
 
In compliance with article 20, paragraph 11 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, under the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Originator has represented and warranted

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
that, as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio will not 
include Receivables qualified as exposures in default within the meaning of article 178, paragraph 
1, of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013. 
 
2. 
The Programme Servicing Agreement 
On the Initial Signing Date, the Originator, the Servicer, and the Issuer entered into the 
Programme Servicing Agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed IBL Banca, as 
Servicer of the Receivables included in the Portfolios purchased in respect of the Transactions 
for the administration, collection, management and recoveries activities of such Receivables 
purchased by the Issuer.  
The Programme Servicing Agreement has been amended by the parties thereto on 3 April 2019, 
inter alia in order to appoint IBL Servicing as Master Servicer and IBL Banca as Servicer of the 
Receivables in respect of each Transaction carried out by the Issuer from time to time following 
the date of execution of the amendments to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
In particular, under the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Issuer has appointed IBL Servicing 
as Master Servicer. The Master Servicer will act as the soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei 
crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento pursuant to article 2, paragraph 3, letter (c) of 
the Securitisation Law. In such capacity, the Master Servicer shall also be responsible for 
ensuring that the Programme complies with the provisions of the Securitisation Law and of this 
Base Prospectus, according to article 2, paragraph 6-bis of the Securitisation Law. 
In addition, under the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Issuer has appointed IBL Banca as 
Servicer. The Servicer will act in the name and on behalf of the Issuer and in the interest of the 
Issuer and the Noteholders for the administration, management and recoveries activities in 
respect of the Receivables comprised in each relevant Portfolio, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
The Programme Servicing Agreement has been amended and restated by the parties thereto on 
March 2020. 
With reference to each Transaction, the Servicer will collect the Receivables acting as agent 
(mandatario) of the Issuer and in the interest of the Issuer and of the Noteholders of the relevant 
Series of Notes. In particular, pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Servicer 
undertakes to transfer any amounts collected or recovered from the Receivables, included in each 
Portfolio, to the Collection Account (such term including also the relevant Back-Up Collection 
Account in the event that IBL Banca's appointment as Collection Account Bank is terminated and 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account opened with IBL Banca has been 
transferred into the Back-Up Collection Account opened with the Transaction Bank) opened in 
the context of the relevant Transaction within 1 Business Day following the relevant date of receipt 
of such Collections. 
The Servicer will also be responsible for carrying out, on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with 
the Programme Servicing Agreement and the Collection Policy, any activities related to the 
management, enforcement and recovery of the Delinquent Receivables and the Defaulted 
Receivables. 
The activities to be carried out by the Servicer include also the processing of administrative and 
accounting data in relation to the Receivables and the management of such data. To such extent, 
the Servicer has represented to the Issuer that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by 
the Programme Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
The Servicer have further undertaken to use all due diligence to maintain, in respect of each 
Transaction, all accounting records relating to the Receivables, the Delinquent Receivables and 
the Defaulted Receivables and to supply all relevant information to the Issuer to enable it to 
prepare its financial statements. 
The Master Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit to the Issuer on the basis of the 
information provided to it by the Servicer, in respect of each Transaction, monthly reports 
containing, a summary of the performance of the relevant Portfolio, a detailed summary of the 
status of the relevant Receivables and a report on the level of collections in respect of principal 
and interest on such Portfolio, for delivery to, amongst others, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Rating Agencies, the Programme Administrator and the Representative of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer may terminate the Master Servicer's and/or the Servicer's appointment in respect of 
all Transactions carried out under the Programme as of the relevant termination date if certain 
events occur, as set out in the Programme Servicing Agreement (each, respectively, a "Master 
Servicer Termination Event" and a "Servicer's Termination Event").  
Upon termination of the Servicer's appointment, the Back-Up Servicer will become automatically 
the successor servicer pursuant to the Programme Back-Up Servicing Agreement. If the Back-
Up Servicer, for any reasons, will not become the successor servicer, the Issuer shall appoint a 
third party as successor servicer.  
The Programme Servicing Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law. 
With reference to each Transaction, each of the Master Servicer and the Servicer will 
acknowledge and confirm its acceptance of the appointment as, respectively, master servicer and 
servicer in respect of the relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer under such Transaction, 
through a confirmation letter entered on or about the relevant Transfer Date. 
Compliance with STS requirements  
For the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Servicing Agreement, IBL Banca has undertaken to fully disclose to 
potential investors in the Notes, any material changes occurring in the Credit and Collection Policy 
applicable from time to time in respect of the Receivables, pursuant to article 20(10) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria;  
For the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Programme Servicing Agreement contain provisions aimed at ensuring that a default by or an 
insolvency of the Servicer does not result in a termination of the servicing of the Portfolio, by the 
replacement of the defaulted or insolvent Servicer with the Back-Up Servicer or a substitute 
servicer. 
For the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 8, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Servicing Agreement the Servicer has represented and warranted that it 
has expertise in servicing exposures of a same nature to those securitised for more than 5 (five) 
years and has well-documented and adequate policies, procedures and risk-management 
controls relating to the servicing of exposures. In addition, pursuant to the Programme Servicing 
Agreement, the Back-Up Servicer and any substitute Servicer shall have expertise in servicing 
exposures of a same nature to those securitised and well-documented and adequate policies, 
procedures and risk-management controls relating to the servicing of exposures. For the purpose 
of compliance with article 21, paragraph 9 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Programme 
Servicing Agreement and the Collection Policy attached thereto set out in clear and consistent 
terms definitions, remedies and actions relating to delinquency and default of debtors, debt

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
restructuring, debt forgiveness, forbearance, payment holidays, losses, charge offs, recoveries 
and other asset performance remedies. 
3. 
The Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On the Initial Signing Date, the Issuer, and the Originator entered into the Programme Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement, pursuant to which the Originator has undertaken to give certain 
representations and warranties in favour of the Issuer in relation to the Receivables which will be 
comprised in each Portfolio and certain other matters, and has agreed to indemnify the Issuer in 
respect of certain liabilities of the Issuer that may be incurred in connection with the purchase and 
ownership of the Receivables. 
The Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties 
given by the Originator as to matters of law and fact affecting the Originator including, without 
limitation, that the Originator validly exist as juridical persons, have the corporate authority and 
power to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is party and to assume the obligations 
contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations therefor. 
The Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out standard representations and 
warranties in respect of the Receivables including, inter alia, that, the Receivables assigned to 
the Issuer (i) are valid, in existence and in compliance with the Criteria, and (ii) relate to Loan 
Agreements which have been entered into, executed and performed by the Originator in 
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Usury Law). Such 
representations and warranties will be given by the Originator, in respect of each Transaction, 
with reference to the Receivables comprised in each Portfolio, as of the relevant Valuation Date, 
as of the relevant Transfer Date and as of the relevant Issue Date. 
Pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (and subject to the terms and 
conditions thereunder), the Originator, with reference to each Transaction, has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from 
and against any and all damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or 
incurred by such parties which arise out of or result from, inter alia, (a) any representations and/or 
warranties made by the Originator under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, 
being false, incomplete or incorrect; (b) the failure by the Originator to comply with any of its 
obligations under the Programme Documents and the relevant Series Documents; (c) any amount 
of any Receivable not being collected as a result of the proper and legal exercise of any right of 
set-off against the Originator by the relevant Borrowers and/or by any relevant Assigned Debtor; 
or (d) the failure to comply with the provisions of the Usury Law in respect of any interest accrued 
under the Loan Agreement, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions set out in the 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
The Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has been amended and restated by the 
parties thereto on March 2020. 
The Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Compliance with STS Requirements  
 
(a) 
for the purpose of compliance with articles 20, paragraph 2 and 3 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Originator has 
represented that it is a joint stock company authorized to operate as a bank and its “centre 
of main interests” (as that term is used in article 3(1) of the Regulation (EU) no. 848/2015 
of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings) is located within the territory of the Republic

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
of Italy; therefore, the Originator would be subject to Italian insolvency laws that do not 
contain severe clawback provisions; 
(b) 
with respect to article 20, paragraph 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, under the 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator has represented and 
warranted that, as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, 
each Portfolio will not be, encumbered or otherwise in a condition that can be foreseen to 
adversely affect the enforceability of the true sale to the Issuer; 
(c) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 8 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the 
Originator has represented and warranted that, as at the relevant Valuation Date and as 
at the relevant Transfer Date, the Receivables comprised in each Portfolio will be 
homogeneous in terms of asset type taking into account the specific characteristics 
relating to the cash flows of the asset type including their contractual, credit-risk and 
prepayment characteristics, given that: (a) all Receivables will be originated by IBL Banca, 
in the Originator’s ordinary course of business, based on similar loan disbursement 
policies which apply similar approaches to the assessment of credit risk associated with 
the underlying exposures; (b) all Receivables will be, serviced by IBL Banca according to 
the same servicing procedures; (c) all Receivables will fall within the same asset category 
of the regulatory technical standards named “credit facilities to individuals for personal, 
family or household consumption purposes”; and (d) the Common Criteria provide for, 
inter alia, geographic concentration in Italy. All Debtors, in fact, are and will be resident in 
Italy. In addition, under the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement the Originator 
has represented and warranted that (i) each of the Receivables derives from duly 
executed Loan Agreements; (ii) each Loan Agreement and each other agreement, deed 
or document relating thereto is valid and constitutes binding and enforceable obligations, 
with full recourse to the Debtors; and (iii) as at the relevant Valuation Date and as at the 
relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio does not and will not, as the case may be, comprise 
any transferable securities, as defined in point (44) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Finally, pursuant to the Common Criteria set out in the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the Loans will be repayable in instalments pursuant to the relevant amortising 
plan (for further details, see the sections headed “The Portfolio” and “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement”). In addition, 
for the purposes of article 243(2) letter (b) of Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, the 
Receivables will meet the conditions for being assigned, under the Standardised 
Approach (as defined in such regulation) and taking into account any eligible credit risk 
mitigation, a risk weight equal to or smaller than 75 % on an individual exposure basis, 
being consumer loans and therefore exposure to retail; 
(d) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 9 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Originator has represented and warranted that, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio will not comprise any 
securitisation positions; 
(e) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20 paragraph 10, of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Originator has represented and warranted that (i) each of the Receivables 
will derive from duly executed Loan Agreements which have been granted by IBL Banca 
in its ordinary course of business , in compliance with underwriting standards that are no 
less stringent than those that the Originator applied, or will apply, as the case may be, at 
the time of the origination to similar exposures that are not securitised (ii) IBL Banca has 
assessed and will assess the Debtors’ creditworthiness in compliance with the 
requirements set out in article 8 of Directive 2008/48/EC; and (iii) IBL Banca has expertise

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
in originating exposures of a same nature to those assigned under the Securitisation for 
at least 5 years.  
(f) 
for the purpose of compliance with article 20 paragraph 11 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Originator has represented and warranted that, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date and as at the relevant Transfer Date, each Portfolio will not, include 
Receivables qualified as exposures in default within the meaning of article 178, paragraph 
1, of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 or as exposures to a credit-impaired debtor or 
guarantor, who, to the best of IBL Banca’s knowledge:  
(i) 
has been declared insolvent or has had had a court grant his/her creditors a final 
non-appealable right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a missed 
payment within three years prior to the relevant date of origination or will have 
undergone, as the case may be, a debt-restructuring process with regard to 
his/her non-performing exposures within three years prior to the date of the 
relevant Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
was at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry of 
persons with adverse credit history; or  
(iii) 
has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of contractually 
agreed payments not being made is significantly higher than the ones of 
comparable exposures held by IBL Banca which will not be assigned under the 
relevant Transaction.  
for the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 2 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Originator has represented and warranted that as at the relevant Transfer 
Date each Receivable does not comprise (or will not comprise with reference to any 
Receivable included in each Portfolio) any derivative. 
(g) 
Pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has represented and 
warranted to the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders and the other parties of 
the Programme Intercreditor Agreement that for the purposes of article 6(2) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, it has not selected the Receivables with the aim of rendering 
losses on the Receivables, measured over the life of each Transaction under the 
Programme, or over a maximum of 4 (four) years where the life of each Transaction under 
the Programme is longer than 4 (four) years, higher than the losses over the same period 
on assets comparable to the Receivables held on the balance sheet of the Originator.  
4. 
The Programme Back-Up Servicing Agreement  
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Back-up Servicer entered into the Programme 
Back-up Servicing Agreement. IBL Servicing as Master Servicer adhered to such agreement on 
14 November 2018. 
The Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement has been amended and restated by the parties 
thereto on March 2020. 
Under the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement, the Back-up Servicer has undertaken to 
act as substitute of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer, as the case may be, in respect of all 
Transactions carried out under the Programme, in the event that: (i) the appointment of the Master 
Servicer and/or the Servicer, as the case may be, has been revoked in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Servicing Agreement; or (ii) the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer, as the 
case may be, has withdrawn from the Programme Servicing Agreement; or (iii) the appointment 
of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer is terminated for any reason whatsoever in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Servicing Agreement, other than in the event that IBL Banca,

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
as successor master servicer, substitute IBL Servicing in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Servicing Agreement.  
Furthermore, pursuant to the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement, in the event that the 
appointment of the Back-up Servicer is terminated, the Representative of the Noteholders shall 
use its best effort to select an entity to be appointed as the new Back-up Servicer. The Programme 
Back-up Servicing Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
law. 
5. 
The Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer, the Originator, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the 
Representative of the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Collection Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Transaction Bank, the 
Investment Account Bank, the Programme Administrator and the Paying Agents entered into the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
IBL Servicing as Master Servicer adhered to such agreement on 14 November 2018. 
Under the terms of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, in 
respect of each Transaction which will be carried out under the Programme: 
the Transaction Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the 
Issuer, the relevant Payments Account, the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account, the relevant 
Additional Reserve Account, the relevant Back-Up Collection Account and the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Account (and, together with the relevant Collection Account and the 
relevant Expenses Account, in respect of each Transaction, the "Series Issuer’s Accounts") and 
to provide the Issuer with certain reporting services together with account handling services in 
relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of each of such Series Issuer’s 
Accounts;  
the Collection Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of 
the Issuer, the relevant Collection Account and the relevant Expenses Account and to provide the 
Issuer with certain reporting services together with account handling services in relation to monies 
from time to time standing to the credit of each of such Series Issuer’s Accounts; 
the Corporate Servicer has agreed to operate the relevant Expenses Account held with the 
Collection Account Bank, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer and the provisions of 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series 
CAMPA; 
the Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain calculation services; 
each Paying Agent has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain payment services together with 
certain calculation services in relation to the Notes of the relevant Series; and 
in the event that an Investment Account is opened, the Cash Manager has agreed to give 
instructions, on behalf of the Issuer, to the Investment Account Bank in order to invest any funds 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account (which are funds transferred from the relevant 
Collection Account, the relevant Payments Account, the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account, the 
relevant Additional Reserve Account and the relevant Transaction Account (together, the "Cash 
Accounts")) in Eligible Investments selected in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
in the event that a Series Swap Agreement is entered into and that amounts are to be posted by 
a Series Swap Counterparty as collateral pursuant to such Series Swap Agreement (any such

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
amount, the "Collateral Amounts"), the Issuer will promptly open - in respect of the relevant 
Transaction - a separate account (a "Collateral Account") with any banking institution which 
shall be an Eligible Institution and which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Collateral Account Bank") into which the relevant Series Swap Counterparty/ies shall pay the 
Collateral Amounts in accordance with the relevant Series Swap Agreement; the relevant 
Collateral Account Bank shall accede to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series 
CAMPA. 
In respect of each Transaction, all the Series Issuer’s Account held with the Account Banks shall 
be opened in the name of the Issuer and shall be operated by the relevant Account Bank and the 
amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, the 
relevant Series CAMPA and the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement (and the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement) in respect of each 
Transaction: 
- 
IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, has undertaken: 
(a) 
in respect of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio transferred by it to 
the Issuer, to credit into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series, the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount 
in respect of the Receivables included in such Portfolio; and 
(b) 
to credit into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account, on each relevant 
Payment Date, the relevant Management Fee Reserve Increased Amount as 
specified in the relevant Servicer’s Report issued as of the immediately preceding 
relevant Servicer’s Report Date; 
- 
with reference to each Transaction, the Issuer has undertaken to use the amounts 
credited into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account in accordance with the 
Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant 
Series CAMPA. In particular, (a) the repayment to the Originator of the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Released Amount (if any) shall be made by the Issuer on each 
relevant Payment Date, in any case without applying the relevant Priority of Payments, in 
all circumstances in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, and (b) all amounts standing to 
the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account, on the Business Day after 
the Payment Date on which the Notes of the relevant Series issued under such 
Transaction are redeemed in full or cancelled, will be paid to the Originator. 
With reference to each Transaction, the parties to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement have agreed to enter into the Series CAMPA on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series of Notes issued under such Transaction. 
The Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement has been amended 
and restated by the parties thereto on March 2020. 
The Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement will be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Compliance with STS Requirements

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
For the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series 
Swap Agreement (if any) contain or will contain provisions aimed at ensuring the replacement of 
the Account Banks and the relevant Series Swap Counterparty, respectively in case of their 
default, insolvency or other specified events. 
 
For the purposes of compliance with article 22, paragraph 3 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Conditions, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each 
Series CAMPA, IBL Banca has confirmed and will confirm that (i) it will make available to potential 
investors in the Notes of the relevant Series before pricing, on the platform IntexCALC (being, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, www.intex.com), all the information related to the relevant 
Portfolio in order to allow investors to run a liability cash flow model which precisely represents 
the contractual relationship between the Receivables and the payments flowing between the 
Originator, the investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer, and (ii) as Originator, it 
has been in possession, before pricing, of a liability cash flow model which precisely represents 
the contractual relationship between the Receivables and the payments flowing between the 
Originator, the investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer. In addition, it will make 
available to potential investors in the Notes before pricing the information under point (a) of article 
7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation upon request and the information and documents under 
points (b) and (d) of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation in draft form, and (ii) as 
Originator, it will be, before pricing, in possession of the data relating to each Loan (and therefore 
it has not requested to receive the information under point (a) of the first subparagraph of article 
7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation) and of the information and documents under points (b) 
and (d) of the first subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation; 
 
6. 
The Programme Intercreditor Agreement 
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors entered into the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement. Under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to 
the application of the proceeds from collections in respect of each Portfolio and as to the 
circumstances in which the Representative of the Noteholders will be entitled to exercise certain 
rights in relation to each Portfolio. 
IBL Servicing as Master Servicer adhered to such agreement on 14 November 2018. 
In the Programme Intercreditor Agreement the Other Issuer Creditors have agreed, inter alia, in 
respect of each Transaction, to the order of priority of payments to be made out of the relevant 
Series Available Funds. The obligations owed by the Issuer to the Noteholders of any Series and, 
in general, to the Other Issuer Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. With 
reference to each Transaction, the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors have a claim 
against the Issuer only to the extent of the relevant Series Available Funds, in each case subject 
to and as provided in the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and the other Programme 
Documents. 
Under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken, in respect 
of each Transaction, following the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, to comply with all 
directions of the Representative of the Noteholders, acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation 
to the management and administration of the relevant Portfolio. 
Under the terms of the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer and each Other Issuer 
Creditor will agree to perform their respective obligations under the Programme as provided for 
in the relevant Transaction Documents. 
The Programme Administrator will be appointed under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement 
in order to undertake, inter alia, to deliver the Programme Purchase Termination Notice upon

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
occurrence of a Programme Purchase Termination Event and verify the occurrence of the 
conditions provided for under the Programme Documents for the purchase of a Portfolio and the 
issue of a further Series of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme. 
With reference to each Transaction, the parties to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement have 
agreed to enter into the Series Intercreditor Agreement on the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes issued under such Transaction. The Programme Intercreditor Agreement has been 
amended and restated by the parties thereto on March 2020 and IBL Servicing as Master Servicer 
adhered to such agreement on the same date. 
The Programme Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Compliance with STS Requirements  
 
For the purpose of compliance with article 20, paragraph 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, IBL Banca has undertaken to fully disclose to 
potential investors in the Notes, any material changes occurring in the Credit and Collection Policy 
applicable from time to time in respect of the Receivables, pursuant to article 20(10) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria. 
For the purpose of compliance with article 21, paragraph 11 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Originator has undertaken, in respect of each Series of 
Notes issued from 1 January 2019, to retain, on an on-going basis, a material net economic 
interest of not less than 5 (five) per cent. in each relevant Transaction, in accordance with one of 
the options of article 6(3), of the EU Securitisation Regulation, as specified in the Final Terms 
applicable to such Series. 
For the purposes of compliance with article 21, paragraph 10, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
the Programme Intercreditor Agreement contain clear provisions that facilitate the timely 
resolution of conflicts between Noteholders of different Classes, clearly define and allocate voting 
rights to Noteholders and clearly identify the responsibilities of the Representative of the 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of compliance with article 22, paragraph 11 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement IBL Banca has confirmed that (i) it will make 
available to potential investors in the Notes of the relevant Series before pricing, on the website 
of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/), data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, 
such as delinquency and default data, for substantially similar exposures to those being 
securitised, and the sources of those data and the basis for claiming similarity, provided that such 
data cover a period of at least 5 (five) years, and (ii) as Originator, it will be in possession, before 
pricing, of data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, such as 
delinquency and default data for substantially similar exposures to those being securitised, and 
the sources of those data and the basis for claiming similarity, provided that such data cover a 
period of at least 5 (five) years;  
For the purposes of compliance with article 22, paragraph 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto have acknowledged that the 
Originator shall be responsible for compliance with article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Originator has agreed that IBL Banca, in its capacity as Originator, is 
designated as Reporting Entity, pursuant to and for the purposes of article 7(2), of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and, in such capacity as Reporting Entity, it has fulfilled before pricing 
and/or shall fulfil after the relevant Issue Date of the Notes of each Series, as the case may be, 
the reporting requirements pursuant to points (a), (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of the first subparagraph

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation by making available the relevant information on 
the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
https://editor.eurodw.eu/ ). As to post-closing information, (i) the Calculation Agent shall prepare 
the Sec Reg Investor Report and deliver it to the Originator who shall make it available, together 
with the Sec Reg Asset Level Report prepared by the Servicer, to the investors in the Notes of 
each Series by publishing them on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/) and the Originator shall prepare and 
deliver to the investors in the Notes of each Series without undue delay the Inside Information 
Report and the Significant Event Report, in compliance with points (f) and (g) of the first 
subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and make them available to the 
investors in the Notes without undue delay by publishing it on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
Moreover, the Originator has undertaken that any of such information, following the Issue Date of 
each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, will: 
 
(i) 
be 
published, 
on 
a 
monthly 
basis, 
on 
the 
Originator’s 
web 
site 
(www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations) and included in the Investors Report of the 
relevant Transaction on the basis and to the extent of the information received by 
the Master Servicer in the relevant Servicer’s Report. It is understood that the 
Investors Report shall be deemed to have been produced on behalf of the 
Originator, under the Originator’s full responsibility, with reference to the 
information described in this section that the Originator has the obligation to make 
available to investors under the Retention and Transparency Rules; 
(ii) 
with reference to the further information which from time to time may be deemed 
necessary under the Retention and Transparency Rules in accordance with the 
market practice and not covered under (i) above (if any), be published on the 
Originator's website or through the Investor Report in accordance with paragraph 
(i) above.  
In addition, the Originator shall make available a copy of the final Base Prospectus and the other 
final Transaction Documents to the investors in the Notes by no later than 15 (fifteen) days after 
the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes, shall make available any other document or 
information that may be required to be disclosed to the investors or potential investors in the Notes 
pursuant to the EU Securitisation Regulation in a timely manner (to the extent not already 
provided by other parties), in each case in accordance with the requirements provided by the EU 
Securitisation Regulation.  
7. 
The Corporate Services Agreement 
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer and the Corporate Servicer entered into the Corporate Services 
Agreement, under which the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate 
administration and management services to the Issuer in relation to the Programme. 
The Corporate Services Agreement has been amended and restated on March 2020 by the 
parties thereto. 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law. 
8. 
The Mandate Agreement 
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders enter into the Mandate 
Agreement under which, subject to a Transaction Acceleration Notice being served upon the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Issuer or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise its rights under the Series Documents and subject 
to the fulfilment of certain conditions, the Representative of the Noteholders, acting in such 
capacity, shall be authorised to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer's 
non-monetary rights arising out of certain Series Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
The Mandate Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
law. 
9. 
The Quotaholder’s Agreement 
On 4 August 2017, the Issuer, the Quotaholder and the Representative of the Noteholders entered 
into the Quotaholder's Agreement under which the Quotaholder has agreed, inter alia, not to 
amend the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (other than as otherwise required by any applicable law) 
and not to pledge, charge or dispose of the quotas of the Issuer without the prior written consent 
of the Representative of the Noteholders. 
The Quotaholder's Agreement will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
THE TRANSFER AGREEMENT 
With reference to each Transaction, the Originator will enter into a Transfer Agreement, in accordance 
with the terms and condition provided for by the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and in 
the form set out under schedule 3 thereof. Pursuant to each Transfer Agreement, on the relevant Transfer 
Date, the Originator will transfer and the Issuer will purchase, without recourse (pro soluto), the relevant 
Portfolio of Receivables under the Programme. 
In addition, under the relevant Transfer Agreement, the Originator will give the representations and 
warranties agreed in the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement in respect of, inter alia, the 
relevant Portfolio and the Receivables included therein. 
Each Transfer Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
THE SERIES CAMPA 
With reference to each Transaction, the Issuer, the Originator, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Collection Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Transaction Bank, 
the Investment Account Bank, the Programme Administrator and the Paying Agents will enter into a 
Series CAMPA, in accordance with the terms and condition provided for by the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and in the form set out under schedule 7 thereof.  
Pursuant to the Series CAMPA, inter alia (i) on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Series, the 
Accounts Banks will open the relevant Series Issuer's Account in accordance with the terms provided for 
by the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and (ii) the relevant parties 
will confirm the undertakings made and the relevant representations and warranties set out in the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Each Series CAMPA will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
THE SERIES INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 
With reference to each Transaction, the Issuer will enter into a Series Intercreditor Agreement, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and in 
the form set out under schedule 5 thereof. 
Pursuant to the Series Intercreditor Agreement, (i) each party will confirm that it will perform all the 
obligations and undertakings provided for under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, and assume 
all rights deriving thereunder, (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors will acknowledge and agree that, in 
accordance with the terms provided for under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the relevant 
Series Available Funds shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of all the Issuer's payment obligations 
towards them and the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments, and (iii) the Other Issuer Creditors will confirm the appointment of the Representative of the 
Noteholders as its agent (mandatario) in accordance with the terms provided for under the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Each Series Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
THE SERIES DEED OF PLEDGE 
With reference to each Transaction, on or about the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Noteholders will enter into a Series Deed of Pledge pursuant to which, without 
prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right provided by the Securitisation Law 
securing the discharge of the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholders, the Issuer will pledge in favour of 
the Noteholders of the relevant Series and the Other Issuer Creditors of the relevant Transaction all 
monetary claims and rights and all the amount arising (including payment for claims, indemnities, 
damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Issuer is or will be entitled to from time to time 
pursuant to certain Programme Documents and the relevant Series Documents, with the exclusion of the 
relevant Portfolio and the relevant Collections. The security which will be created pursuant to the each 
Series Deed of Pledge will become enforceable upon the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice 
under the relevant Transaction. 
Each Series Deed of Pledge will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
THE SERIES SWAP AGREEMENT 
With reference to any Transaction, on or about the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer may enter into a Series 
Swap Agreement with one or more Series Swap Counterparties – upon consent of the relevant Series 
Swap Counterparty - pursuant to which the Issuer may hedge against certain interest rate risks in relation 
to the Receivables included in the Portfolio purchased under the relevant Transaction. 
The Issuer may enter into a Series Swap Agreement with any of the following entities, which will act as 
Series Swap Counterparty:  
- 
BANCO SANTANDER S.A., acting under its marketing name Santander Corporate and Investment 
Banking), a credit entity incorporated under the laws of Spain as a sociedad anónima whose 
registered office is at Paseo de Pereda 9-12, 39004 Santander (Spain), and whose operating 
headquarters are in Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avda. de Cantabria, s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, 
Madrid (Spain), registered with the Bank of Spain under number 0049 and with Spanish Tax 
Identification Number (NIF) A-39000013 (“Santander”); 
- 
J.P. MORGAN AG, a bank organised as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan AG, incorporated under the laws of Germany and having a full banking 
license pursuant to Section 1 (1) of the Kreditwesengesetz (German Banking Act) (Nos. 1 to 5 
and 7 to 9), with registered office at TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany and registered number HRB 16861; 
- 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE, a bank organised as a public limited company (société anonyme) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of France with registered number 552120222 RCS 
Paris, having its registered office at 29, Boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France; 
- 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a company incorporated under 
the laws of France as a société anonyme, having its registered office at 12, place des Etsts-
Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex (France), enrolment with the companies register of 
Nanterre (Registre Commerciale et des Sociétés de Nanterre) under no. Siren 304 187 701, 
authorised by the French CECEI (Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises 
d'investissement) to perform banking operations, member of the Fédération Bancaire Française, 
Intra-Community Code - VAT number: FR 163 041 877 01 ("CACIB"); 
 - 
UNICREDIT BANK AG, UniCredit Bank has its registered office at Arabellastraße 12, 81925 
Munich, was incorporated in Germany and is registered with the Commercial Register at the 
Local Court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under number HRB 42148, incorporated as a stock 
corporation under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany ("UniCredit"). 
 
The information in this Section has been provided solely by, respectively, Société Générale, 
CACIB, Banco Santander S.A., J.P. Morgan AG and UniCredit (in respect of each of them) for 
use in this Base Prospectus and each of Société Générale, CACIB and UniCredit is solely 
responsible for the accuracy of the information related to it. Except for the information contained 
in this Section, Société Générale, CACIB, Banco Santander S.A., J.P. Morgan AG and Unicredit 
and its affiliates have not been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility 
for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
THE SERIES DEED OF CHARGE 
With reference to each Transaction, the Issuer, may enter into a Series Deed of Charge pursuant to which 
the Issuer will grant to the Representative of the Noteholders (acting for itself and for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors) a security interest over the sums standing to the credit of, 
and/or the securities deposited in, the Investment Account if opened pursuant to the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA and/or over the 
contractual rights of the Issuer arising from the Series Swap Agreement (if any).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
ESTIMATED WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES 
The Estimated Weighted Average Life of each Series of Notes (WAL) refers to the estimated average 
amount of time that will elapse from the relevant Issue Date of such Series of Notes to the date of 
distribution to the investor of amounts distributed in net reduction of principal of such Series of Notes (and 
this is estimated on the basis of several assumptions). The weighted average life of each Series of Notes 
will be influenced by, inter alia, the actual rate at which the principal of the Receivables of each Portfolio 
is paid. The estimated weighted average life of each Series of Notes cannot be predicted as the actual 
rate at which the Receivables will be repaid, and a number of other relevant factors are unknown. The 
calculations of the estimated weighted average life of each Series of Notes will be set forth in the table 
included in the Final Terms of the relevant Series, that will be prepared on the grounds of certain 
assumptions including the following:   
 
o 
all Receivables are duly and timely paid and there are no delinquencies or defaults in 
payments;  
o 
the constant prepayment rate as per table below, has been applied to each Portfolio in 
homogeneous terms; 
o 
the calculation of the weighted average life (in years) is calculated on an Actual/360 basis;  
o 
payment of principal and interest due and payable under the Rated Notes will be received 
on the relevant Payment Date; 
o 
no Transaction Acceleration Event occur in respect of the Notes of each Series;  
o 
the Notes of each Series are not redeemed in accordance with Optional redemption 
pursuant to the article 14.2 of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement or 
Optional Redemption in whole for taxation reasons;  
o 
the estimated fees and costs payable under the Transaction Documents by the Issuer in 
connection with each Transaction under the items from (i) to (iv) of the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments have been included.  
 
The estimated weighted average life of each Series of Notes is subject to factors largely outside 
the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and 
estimates in this section will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed 
with considerable caution.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions"). Reference should 
be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify the 
terms applicable in relation to the Notes of the relevant Series. In these Conditions, references to the 
"holder" of a Note and to the "Noteholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Notes of each relevant 
Series, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions 
of (i) article 83-bis of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and (ii) the regulation issued jointly by the 
Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. The Noteholders of each 
relevant Series are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, 
the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders, attached as an Exhibit to, and forming part 
of, these Conditions. 
The Issuer has established an Asset-Backed Notes Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance, up 
to the Programme Maturity Date, of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of: (i) class A 
limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Class A Notes"); (ii) class B limited recourse asset-backed 
notes (the "Class B Notes" and, together with the Class A Notes, the "Senior Notes"); and (iii) class J 
limited recourse asset-backed notes (the "Junior Notes" and, together with the Senior Notes, the 
"Notes"). 
The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series will consist of: (i) Class A Notes; 
and (ii) Junior Notes. The Issuer may also issue Class B Notes in relation to a Series. Any references 
below to a "Class" of Notes or a "Class" of Noteholders will be, respectively, a reference to the Class A 
Notes, the Class B Notes (if any) or the Junior Notes, as the case may be, or to the respective holders 
thereof.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes which may be outstanding at any time under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, as may be agreed in writing between the Originator (as 
defined below), the Issuer, the Programme Administrator and the Representative of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below). 
Each Series and each Class comprised in each Series will be the subject of final terms (each, the "Final 
Terms") which will complete these Conditions, in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms. Each of the Final Terms will specify certain terms not specified by these 
Conditions, in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series. References to the "applicable Final Terms" 
are made to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) pursuant to which the relevant Series of 
Notes are issued.  
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Definitions 
Capitalised words and expressions in these Conditions shall, unless otherwise specified or unless 
the context otherwise requires, have the meanings set out in Condition 2 (Interpretation and 
Definitions). 
1.2 
Rated Noteholders deemed to have notice of the Transaction Documents 
The Rated Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice 
of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
1.3 
Provisions of the Rated Notes Conditions subject to the Transaction Documents

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Certain provisions of these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
1.4 
Copies of Transaction Documents available for inspection 
Copies of the Transaction Documents (other than the relevant Series Subscription Agreements) 
are available for inspection by the Rated Noteholders during normal business hours at: 
(i) 
the registered office of the Issuer, being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Viale 
Parioli, 10, 00197 Rome, Italy; 
(ii) 
the registered office of the Representative of the Noteholders, being, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, Conegliano (TV), Italy; and 
(iii) 
the specified office of the Italian Paying Agent, being, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Piazzetta Bossi, 3 / 20121 Milan, Italy. 
In addition, copies of the Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents (or a summary 
thereof) are available on the Originator's website www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations. 
1.5 
Programme Documents and relevant Series Documents  
1.5.1. 
In respect of each Transaction, the principal source of payment of interest and of 
repayment of principal on the Notes of the relevant Series issued under such 
Transaction will be collections and recoveries made in respect of the relevant Portfolio 
which will be purchased by the Issuer by using the funds deriving from the issuance of 
such Series of Notes, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement. The Portfolio of each 
Transaction will be assigned and transferred to the Issuer without recourse (pro soluto) 
against the Originator in the case of a failure by any of the Debtors to pay amounts due 
under the Loan Agreements, in accordance with the Securitisation Law and subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement entered into in respect of the purchase of the relevant 
Portfolio. 
1.5.2. 
Pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement entered into on the 
Initial Signing Date amongst the Issuer and the Originator, the Originator has undertaken 
to give certain representations and warranties in favour of the Issuer in relation to each 
Portfolio to be transferred from time to time to the Issuer and certain other matters and 
the Originator has agreed to indemnify the Issuer in respect of certain liabilities of the 
Issuer incurred in connection with the purchase and ownership of the Portfolio.   
1.5.3. 
Pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement entered into on the Initial Signing Date 
amongst the Issuer, and the Servicer, the Servicer has agreed to administer, service 
and collect amounts in respect of each Portfolio purchased from time to time by the 
Issuer under the Programme, in compliance with the Securitisation Law, on behalf of the 
Issuer. The Programme Servicing Agreement has been amended and restated by the 
parties thereto on 3 April 2019, inter alia in order to appoint IBL Servicing as Master 
Servicer and IBL Banca as Servicer. In particular, under the Programme Servicing 
Agreement, the Issuer has appointed IBL Servicing as Master Servicer. The Master 
Servicer will be the "soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi 
di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 3(c) of the Securitisation Law 
and, therefore, shall take the responsibility provided for by Article 2, paragraph 6-bis of 
the Securitisation Law. In addition, under the Programme Servicing Agreement, the 
Issuer has appointed IBL Banca as Servicer. The Servicer will act in the name and on 
behalf of the Issuer and in the interest of the Issuer and the Noteholders for the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
administration, management and recoveries activities in respect of the Receivables 
comprised in each relevant Portfolio, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Programme Servicing Agreement. 
1.5.4. 
Pursuant to the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement entered into on 4 August 
2017 amongst the Issuer, the Servicer and the Back-up Servicer, the Back-up Servicer 
has undertaken to act as substitute of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer (as the 
case may be) in respect of all Transactions carried out under the Programme, in the 
event that: (i) the appointment of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer (as the case 
may be) has been revoked in accordance with the terms of the Programme Servicing 
Agreement; or (ii) the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer (as the case may be) has 
withdrawn from the Programme Servicing Agreement; or (iii) the appointment of the 
Master Servicer and/or the Servicer (as the case may be) is terminated for any reason 
whatsoever in accordance with the terms of the Programme Servicing Agreement, other 
than in the event that IBL Banca, as successor master servicer, substitute IBL Servicing 
in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. The 
Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement has been amended on 14 November 2018 
and IBL Servicing as Master Servicer adhered to such agreement on the same date.   
1.5.5. 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 between 
the Issuer and the Corporate Servicer, the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the 
Issuer with certain administrative and corporate services. 
1.5.6. 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
entered into on 4 August 2017 amongst the Issuer, IBL Banca (in its various capacities), 
Zenith (in its various capacities), the Paying Agents, the Account Banks and the 
Representative of the Noteholders, the parties thereto have agreed, in respect of each 
Transaction, to provide the Issuer with certain calculation, notification, reporting and 
agency services together with account handling and payment services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Series Issuer’s Accounts. The 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement also contains 
provisions relating to, inter alia, the repayment of principal and the payment of interest 
and Variable Return in respect of the Notes of each Class. In addition, pursuant to the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, each party 
thereto has agreed - in respect of each Transaction - to enter into a Series CAMPA 
providing, inter alia, the opening of the relevant Series Issuer's Account. 
1.5.7. 
Pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 
between the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors, the parties thereto have agreed, inter 
alia, in respect of each Transaction, to apply the relevant Series Available Funds in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments and the circumstances in which the 
Representative of the Noteholders will be entitled to exercise certain of the Issuer's rights 
in respect of the relevant Portfolio and the relevant Series Documents. The parties to 
the Programme Intercreditor Agreement have agreed that the obligations owed by the 
Issuer to each of the Other Issuer Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. The Other Issuer Creditors will have a claim against the Issuer only to the extent 
of the relevant Series Available Funds, subject to and as provided in the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement and the other Programme Documents and the relevant Series 
Documents. 
1.5.8. 
Pursuant to the Mandate Agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 between the Issuer 
and the Representative of the Noteholders, the Representative of the Noteholders will 
be authorised, subject to a Transaction Acceleration Notice being served or following 
failure by the Issuer to exercise its rights under the relevant Transaction Documents, to

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer's non-monetary rights 
arising out of the Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
1.5.9. 
Pursuant to the Series Deed of Pledge entered into on or about the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series of Notes in respect of each Transaction between the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Noteholders (acting on behalf of the Noteholders and the Other 
Issuer Creditors), without prejudice to the segregation provided by the Securitisation 
Law securing the discharge of the Issuer's obligations towards the Noteholders and the 
Other Issuer Creditors, the Issuer will pledge, in favour of the Noteholders and the Other 
Issuer Creditors, all monetary claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time 
to time (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantees) to which the Issuer is or will be entitled to from time to time pursuant to 
certain Transaction Documents. 
1.5.10. Pursuant to the Series Deed of Charge if entered into in respect of a Transaction on or 
about the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, the Issuer will grant, in favour 
of the Representative of the Noteholders (acting for itself and for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors), a security interest over the sums standing 
to the credit of, and/or the securities deposited in, the Investment Account (if opened 
with the Investment Account Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Cash, Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series 
CAMPA) and/or the contractual rights of the Issuer arising out of the relevant Series 
Swap Agreement (if executed in connection with the relevant Transaction). 
1.5.11. Pursuant to the Series Swap Agreement, if entered into in respect of a Transaction with 
the Series Swap Counterparty (as specified in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Series) on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the Issuer will hedge 
its interest rate exposure in relation to its floating rate obligations under the Rated Notes 
of such Series. 
1.5.12. Pursuant to the Quotaholder’s Agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Originator, the Quotaholder and the Representative of the Noteholders, the 
Quotaholder has given certain undertakings in relation to the management of the Issuer 
and the exercise of its rights as Quotaholder of the Issuer. 
1.5.13. Pursuant to the Listing Agent Fee Letter, the Listing Agent has agreed to provide certain 
services to the Issuer in connection with the listing of the Rated Notes. 
1.5.14. Pursuant to the Series Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of each 
Transaction on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the relevant 
Subscriber(s) will undertake to subscribe for the Notes of such Series issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme and to pay the relevant subscription price thereof on the 
relevant Issue Date. In addition, under the Series Subscription Agreement, the relevant 
Subscriber(s) will appoint Banca Finint  as Representative of the Noteholders of such 
Series, to perform, in respect of each Transaction and the Programme, the activities 
described in the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the Series Subscription 
Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders and the 
other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
1.6 
Acknowledgement 
Each Noteholder, by reason of holding the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes of the relevant 
Series, acknowledges and agrees that the Subscriber(s) shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damages suffered or incurred by any of the Rated Noteholders of 
such Series as a result of the performance by Banca Finint  or any successor thereof of its duties

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
as Representative of the Noteholders as provided for in the Programme Documents and the 
relevant Series Documents. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions shall, except where the context otherwise requires 
and save where otherwise defined, have the following meanings: 
"Acceptance" means the acceptance by the Issuer of each Transfer Agreement relating to a 
Portfolio to be transferred under the Programme, made pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the relevant report to be prepared and delivered by the Account 
Banks to the Issuer, the Corporate Servicer and the Calculation Agent, pursuant to the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Banks" means, collectively, the Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank and 
the Investment Account Bank (if any). 
"Accounting Cancellation" (storno) means, with reference to each Portfolio, the reconciliation 
of the payments received by the Employers/Pension Authority in respect to a Receivable made 
by IBL Banca after the Valuation Date of such Portfolio, following which it results that on such 
Valuation Date such Receivable had an Outstanding Principal higher than the one on the basis 
of which the relevant Individual Purchase Price was calculated. 
"Accrued Interest" means, on any given date and in relation to each Receivable included in a 
Portfolio, the portion of Interest Instalments accrued on such date but not yet due on such date 
pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
"Additional Remuneration" means, in respect of the Class J Notes of any Series, on any relevant 
Payment Date, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the relevant Series Available Funds as of such Payment Date; less 
(b) 
any and all amounts under items from First to Seventeenth (included) of the Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments, or from First to Fourteenth (included) of the Post 
Enforcement Priority of Payments, accrued under such items during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid). 
"Additional Reserve" means, in respect of each Transaction, a reserve created with a portion of 
the proceeds of the issue of the Class J Notes on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Series, 
to be applied in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Additional Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the 
name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of each 
Transaction. 
"Additional Reserve Amount" means, at any time, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Additional Reserve Account.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
"Additional Reserve Initial Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, the amount credited 
on the relevant Additional Reserve Account upon issuance of the relevant Series of Notes, out of 
the proceeds thereof, as specified in the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Additional Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the amount 
specified as such under the relevant Series CAMPA and set out in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Adjustment Purchase Price" means, with reference to a Receivable erroneously excluded from 
a Portfolio pursuant to clause 4.1.2 of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, an 
amount calculated according to clauses 4.3.1 and 4.3.2 thereof. 
"Agent" means each of the Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank, the Investment 
Account Bank (if any), the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, 
the Listing Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Back-up Calculation Agent, appointed pursuant 
to the Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and the Listing Agent 
Fee Letter. 
"Aggregate Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, with reference to each Series of 
Notes, in respect of any Payment Date, an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
A + B +J – CP – (LR + AR) 
where: 
A = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date (if any); 
J = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; 
CP = the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period;  
LR = the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount calculated with reference to the relevant Payment 
Date; And 
AR = the Additional Reserve Target Amount calculated with reference to the relevant Payment 
Date. 
"AIFMD" means Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
"AIFMR" means the Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013, supplementing the AIFMD, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time.  
"Alitalia Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the accounts (bilancio) 
of Alitalia – Società Aerea Italiana S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the latest approved 
accounts (ultimo bilancio approvato) of Alitalia – Società Aerea Italiana S.p.A.. 
"Amounts Not Pertaining to the Transaction" has the meaning ascribed to the term "Importi 
non relativi all'Operazione" under clause 6.3 of the Programme Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
"Applicable Law" means any law or regulation including, but not limited to: (a) any domestic or 
foreign statute or regulation; (b) any rule or practice of any authority, stock exchange or self-
regulatory organisation with which the Agents are bound or accustomed to comply; and (c) any 
agreement entered into by the relevant Agent and any authority or between any two or more 
authorities. 
"Assigned Employer" means the Employer/Pension Authority which is the obligor under the 
Salary Assignment or the Payment Delegation (as the case may be) in respect of a Loan from 
which the Receivables - transferred from IBL Banca to the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Transfer 
Agreement - have been originated. 
"Authority" means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction, domestic or foreign. 
"Average Outstanding Principal" means, in respect of each Transaction, the arithmetic mean 
of (i) the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due at the beginning of a Collection Period and 
(ii) the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due at the end of such Collection Period. 
"Back-up Calculation Agent" means Zenith Service S.p.A. and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Back-Up Collection Account" means a euro denominated bank account to be established in 
the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of 
each Transaction.  
"Back-up Servicer" means Zenith Service S.p.A. and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means the Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Base Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme constituting a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as revised, supplemented or amended from time to time by the Issuer, also 
constituting a prospetto informativo for the purposes of article 2, paragraph 3 of the Securitisation 
Law. 
"BoI Supervision Guidelines" means the Istruzioni di Vigilanza per le banche issued by the Bank 
of Italy with Circular No. 229 of 21 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Business Day" means any day (other than Saturday and Sunday) on which the banks are 
opened for ordinary business in Rome, Milan and London and on which the TARGET2 (or any 
successor thereto) is open. 
"Calculation Agent" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Calculation Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, the date falling 4 Business Days after 
each Servicer’s Report Date. 
"Cancellation Date" means, in respect of the Notes of any Series, the earlier of (a) the date on 
which all Notes of such Series have been redeemed in full or (b) the date on which (i) the 
Representative of the Noteholders has certified to the Issuer that the Collections in respect of all 
the Receivables comprised in the relevant Portfolio have been collected and that all judicial

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
enforcement procedures in respect of such Portfolio have been exhausted or (ii) the Receivables 
comprised in the relevant Portfolio have been sold and the relevant proceeds have been received 
and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments, at which date any amount 
outstanding, whether in respect of interest or principal in respect of the Notes of such Series, shall 
be finally and definitively cancelled. 
"Cash Manager" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance with 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cash Manager Report" means the report (if any) to be prepared and delivered by the Cash 
Manager in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Cash Manager Report Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, the date falling three 
Business Days after each relevant Servicer's Report Date. 
"Cash Trapping Condition" means, in respect of each Transaction, until the Rated Notes of the 
Series issued under such Transactions have been redeemed in full, the condition that will be 
deemed to be satisfied with reference to each Calculation Date if, during the relevant Collection 
Period, the Cumulative Net Default Ratio is lower than 3% (three per cent.).  
"CDQ Loan" means each Loan assisted by a Salary Assignment. 
"Centrale dei Rischi" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Citi London" means Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
"Citi Milan" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch. 
"Class" shall be a reference to a class of Notes of any Series issued under the Programme being 
the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes (if any) or the Class J Notes and "Classes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Class A Noteholders" means the holders of the Class A Notes of any Series. 
"Class A Notes" means the class A limited recourse asset-backed notes in respect of any Series 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class A Notes in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on the day 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes. 
"Class B Noteholders" means the holders of the Class B Notes of any Series. 
"Class B Notes" means the class B limited recourse asset-backed notes that may be issued by 
the Issuer in respect of a Series under the Programme, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for such Series.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
"Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class B Notes (if any) in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on the day 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less the Class A Notes Formula Redemption 
Amount for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class B Notes. 
"Class J Noteholders" means the holders of the Class J Notes of any Series. 
"Class J Notes" means the class J limited recourse asset-backed notes in respect of any Series 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Class J Notes Conditions" or "Junior Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of 
the Class J Notes. 
"Class J Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, with respect to any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class J Notes in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on the day 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less (i) the Class A Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount and (ii) the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount (if 
applicable) for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding in respect of the Class J Notes. 
"Clean Up Call Option" has the meaning ascribed to it under clause 14.2 of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Clean Up Option Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, any date in which the 
Outstanding Principal Due of the relevant Portfolio is equal to or lower than 10% of the 
Outstanding Principal Due of such Portfolio as of the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Co-Arrangers" or "Arrangers" means IBL Banca and UniCredit (each an "Arranger"). 
"Collateral Account" means a euro denominated account which may be established, in respect 
of each Transaction, in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, in the name of the Issuer with a bank 
which shall be an Eligible Institution, in the event that amounts are to be posted by a Series Swap 
Counterparty as collateral pursuant to the relevant Series Swap Agreement, for the deposit of 
such amounts. 
"Collateral Amounts" means any amount which are to be posted by a Series Swap Counterparty 
as collateral pursuant to the relevant Series Swap Agreement (if any).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
"Collateral Portfolio" means, on any given date, the aggregate of all outstanding Receivables 
comprised in the relevant Portfolio, other than any Defaulted Receivables as of that date and any 
Receivables in respect of which the Originator has made any indemnity payment or any Limited 
Recourse Loan pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due" means, on any given date, the Outstanding 
Principal Due of the Collateral Portfolio as at such date. 
"Collateral Security" means, with reference to each Receivable included in any Portfolio 
purchased under the relevant Transaction, any pledge, guarantee, indemnity or other support 
agreement or security interest for the performance of such Receivable, including without limitation 
any Salary Assignment, Payment Delegation and/or Insurance Policy assisting the relevant Loan. 
"Collection Account" (or also "Collections Account") means a euro denominated account to 
be established in the name of the Issuer with the Collection Account Bank in accordance with the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each 
Transaction and the relevant Series CAMPA, provided that such definition will also include the 
relevant Back-Up Collection Account in the event provided for under clause 3.5.3 of the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Account Bank" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means with reference to each Transaction, the date on which the Servicer 
makes the reconciliation of the relevant Collection in respect of each Receivable included in the 
Portfolio transferred under such Transaction. 
"Collection Period" means, with reference to each Transaction, each period which begins on the 
first calendar day (included) of each calendar month and ends, respectively, on the last calendar 
day (included) of such month, provided that the first Collection Period with respect to each Series 
shall begin on the relevant Valuation Date (excluded) and end on the last calendar day of the 
calendar month (included) on which the Issue Date of the relevant Series falls. 
"Collections" means, in respect of each Portfolio transferred to the Issuer, all amounts received 
by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer or any other person in respect of the Instalments due 
under the Receivables included in such Portfolio and any other amounts whatsoever received by 
the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer or any other person in respect of such Receivables, as 
of the relevant Collection Date. 
"Common Criteria" means the objective criteria for the selection of each Portfolio specified in 
annex 1 to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means, together, the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes Conditions and 
"Condition" means a condition of either of them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Consumer Code" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the Corporate Services Agreement.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement executed on 4 August 2017 between 
the Issuer and the Corporate Servicer, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"CRA Regulation" means the credit rating agencies regulation under the Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the summary of the procedures or manuals for the 
granting, collection and recoveries of loans used by IBL Banca in respect of the Receivables, as 
attached under annex 1 to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means the criteria set out in annex 1 and annex 2 to the Programme Receivable 
Purchase Agreement, on the basis of which the Receivables which will be transferred under the 
Programme from time to time by the Originator will be identified in pool (in blocco) pursuant to 
articles 1 and 4 of the Securitisation Law. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending the 
Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012 and amended by Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017.  
"Cumulative Default Trigger" means 3% (three per cent.). 
"Cumulative Net Default Ratio" means, in relation to each Transaction and each respective 
Portfolio, the percentage, in respect of any Collection Period, equivalent of a fraction obtained by 
dividing: (1) (i) the sum of the Outstanding Principal Due as at the Default Date of all the 
Receivables which have been classified as Defaulted Receivables from the relevant Valuation 
Date up to the last day of the relevant Collection Period, less (ii) the aggregate amount of 
Recoveries received in respect of such Defaulted Receivables from the date in which the relevant 
Receivable has been classified into default up to the last day of the relevant Collection Period; by 
(2) the Outstanding Principal Due of the Portfolio as at the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Damage" means, indistinctively, a Job Damage or a Life Damage. 
“DBRS” means (i) for the purpose of identifying which DBRS entity which has assigned the credit 
rating to the Rated Notes, DBRS Ratings GmbH and any successor to this rating activity, and (ii) 
in any other case, any entity that is part of DBRS Morningstar, which is either registered or not 
under the EU CRA Regulation, as it appears from the last the last available list published by 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on the ESMA website, or any other applicable 
regulation.  
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means the DBRS rating equivalent of any of the below ratings by 
Fitch, Moody’s or S&P: 
DBRS 
Moody’s 
S&P 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
CC 
C 
C 
D 
D 
 
"DBRS Minimum Rating" means: (a) if a Fitch long term public rating, a Moody’s long term public 
rating and an S&P long term public rating (each, a Public Long Term Rating) are all available at 
such date, the DBRS Minimum Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long 
Term Rating remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest of such Public Long Term 
Ratings from such rating agencies (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit 
watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch 
below) (for this purpose, if more than one Public Long Term Rating has the same highest DBRS 
Equivalent Rating or the same lowest DBRS Equivalent Rating, then in each case one of such 
Public Long Term Ratings shall be so disregarded); (b) if the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be 
determined under (a) above, but Public Long Term Ratings by any two of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P 
are available at such date, the DBRS Minimum Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of the 
lower of such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under 
credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one 
notch below); and (c) if the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined under (a) and (b) above, 
but Public Long Term Ratings by any one of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are available at such date, 
then the DBRS Minimum Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long Term 
Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the 
equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below). 
If at any time the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined under subparagraphs (a) to (c) 
above, then a DBRS Minimum Rating of “C” shall apply at such time. 
"Debtor" means any individual person who entered into a Loan Agreement as principal debtor or 
guarantor or who is obliged for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Loan or

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
who has assumed the Debtor's obligation under an accollo, or otherwise and which will qualify as 
obligor pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (UE) 980/2019. 
"Decree 180/1950" or "DPR 180/1950" means the Italian Presidential Decree No. 180 of 5 
January 1950, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 239 Deduction" means any withholding or deduction for or on account of "imposta 
sostitutiva" under Decree 239. 
"Default Date" means, with reference to the Defaulted Receivables deriving from Loans: (i) in 
respect of which there has been a delay in the payment of at least 8 Instalments, the last calendar 
day of the calendar month in which the Servicer has registered the last unpaid Instalment; (ii) 
which have been classified as defaulted (in sofferenza) by the Servicer, the last calendar day of 
the calendar month in which the Servicer has made such classification; (iii) in respect of which a 
Life Damage (Sinistro Vita) has occurred, the last calendar day of the calendar month in which 
the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the occurrence thereof; (iv) in respect 
of which a Job Damage (Sinistro Impiego) has occurred, the earlier of (a) the date in which the 
Insurance Company has paid in full the relevant Indemnity to the Issuer, and (b) the last calendar 
day of the third month following the month in which the date of notification of the relevant Job 
Damage to the Insurance Company by the Servicer falls. 
"Defaulted Receivables" means the Receivables deriving from Loans: (i) in respect of which 
there has been a delay in the payment of at least 8 Instalments; or (ii) which have been classified 
as defaulted (in sofferenza) by the Servicer; or (iii) in respect of which a Life Damage (Sinistro 
Vita) has occurred and the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the 
occurrence thereof; or (iv) in respect of which a Job Damage (Sinistro Impiego) has occurred and 
the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the occurrence thereof and 3 (three) 
months have elapsed from the date of notification of the relevant Job Damage without the 
Insurance Company having paid in full the Indemnity to the Issuer nor the Servicer having 
registered a change of Employer/Pension Authority by the relevant Debtor. 
"Delinquent Receivables" means the Receivables (which are not Defaulted Receivables) 
deriving from Loans for which there has been a delay in the payment of at least 4 Instalments. 
"Determination Date" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme: 
(i) 
with respect to the Initial Interest Period, the day falling two Business Days prior to the 
relevant Issue Date of such Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable to 
such Series); and 
(ii) 
with respect to each subsequent Interest Period, the date falling two Business Days prior 
to the relevant Payment Date at the beginning of each Interest Period. 
"Documentation" has the meaning ascribed to "Documentazione" under the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"DP Loan" means each Loan assisted by a Payment Delegation. 
"Eligible Institution" means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state 
which is a member of the European Union or of the United States:

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
a) 
with a "Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, in the event of a depository institution which 
does not have a long-term rating by Moody’s, a "P-2" short-term rating by Moody’s;  
b) 
whose long term rating debt obligations are rated at least BBB (high) from DBRS; and 
c) 
if rated by Scope, whose long-term and short term bank issuer ratings are rated at least, 
respectively, "BBB" and “S-2” by Scope, provided that a rating by Scope is (a) the public 
or subscription rating assigned by Scope or, if there is no public or subscription rating, (b) 
the private rating assigned by Scope or the internal credit assessment made by Scope, 
or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to time 
as would maintain the then current ratings of the Notes. 
For clarification, the DBRS rating is (a) the public rating assigned by DBRS or, if there is no public 
DBRS rating, then (b) the private rating assigned by DBRS. In the event of a depository institution 
which does not have a private rating nor a public rating from DBRS, then for DBRS the Eligible 
Institution will mean a depository institution whose DBRS Minimum Rating is at least BBB(high). 
"Eligible Investments" means:  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior dematerialised unsubordinated debt financial instruments but 
excluding for the avoidance of doubt credit linked notes and money market funds, or  
(B) 
account or deposit with a maturity date falling not later than the next succeeding Eligible 
Investments Maturity Date, held with an Eligible Institution, 
provided that, in all cases: (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable 
without penalty or have a maturity date falling on or before the next following Eligible Investments 
Maturity Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not 
being lower than the initially invested amount), and (iii) the debt securities or other debt 
instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations have the following ratings 
(or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to time 
as would maintain the then current ratings of the Notes): 
(1) 
with respect to Moody’s ratings, either: (i) with a "Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, 
in the event of a depository institution which does not have a long-term rating by Moody’s, 
a "P-2" short-term rating by Moody’s; or (ii) such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(2) 
with respect to DBRS ratings, either: (i) "R-1(low)" by DBRS in respect of short-term debt 
and "BBB (high)" by DBRS in respect of long-term debt; or (ii) otherwise, which has the 
following ratings from at least 2 of the following rating agencies: (a) at least "A" by Fitch; 
(b) at least "A" by Standard & Poor’s; (c) at least "A2" by Moody’s; and 
provided that, in any event, (a) the Eligible Investments set out above will have a maturity of less 
than or equal to one month, and (b) none of the Eligible Investments set out above may consist, 
in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of (i) credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from 
the transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the 
Issuer in the context of the Securitisation otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any 
time, or (ii) asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status or ranking, or (iii) 
swaps, other derivatives instruments, or synthetic securities or any other instrument from time to 
time specified in the European Central Bank monetary policy regulations applicable from time to 
time. 
"Eligible Investments Maturity Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, in relation to 
Eligible Investments deriving from the investment of the relevant Series Available Funds to be

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
distributed on a certain Payment Date, the day falling on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding such Payment Date. 
"Eligible Public Administration" means exclusively each of the following Public Administrations: 
- 
Regions, 
- 
Local Authorities, 
- 
Public Owned Companies, except for any companies belonging to the Ferrovie dello Stato 
Group, any companies belonging to the Poste Italiane Group and any companies 
belonging to the Alitalia Group. 
"Employer/Pension Authority" means the assigned debtor (debitore ceduto) of the receivables 
object of each Salary Assignment or the delegated person (mandatario/delegato) under each 
Payment Delegation. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) No. 848/2015 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on insolvency proceedings. 
"EU Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2402 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time). 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate for either one (1), three (3) or six (6) 
Euro deposits as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions, as it appears on the relevant Reuters Screen Page or (aa) such 
other page as may replace the relevant Reuters Screen Page on that service for the purpose of 
displaying such information or (bb) if that service ceases to display such information, such page 
as displays such information on such equivalent service (or, if more than one, that one which is 
approved by the Representative of the Noteholders) as may replace such Reuters Screen Page 
at or about 11:00 a.m. (Milan time) on the relevant Determination Date (rounded to four decimal 
places with the midpoint rounded upwards) (the "Screen Rate"), provided that: 
(a) 
if the Screen Rate is unavailable at such time for either one (1), three (3) or six (6) 
month Euro deposits as applicable, then the rate for any relevant Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded to four decimal places with the mid-point rounded up) of 
the rates notified to the Representative of the Noteholders at its request by each of the 
Reference Banks as the rate at which respectively one, three or six months Euro 
deposits in a representative amount are offered by that Reference Bank to leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market at or about 11.00 a.m. (Milan time) on any 
Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only two of the 
Reference Banks provide such offered quotations to the Calculation Agent the relevant 
rate shall be determined, in the manner specified in item (a) above, on the basis of the 
offered quotations of those Reference Banks providing such quotations; or 
(c) 
if, on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only one of the 
Reference Banks provides the Agent Bank with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate of Interest in effect for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period when one of EURIBOR or item (b) above shall have been 
applied. 
The Principal Paying Agent may, at any time, request the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Noteholders to agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to amend EURIBOR (any such 
amended rate, an "Alternative Base Rate") and make such other related or consequential

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
amendments as are necessary or advisable in order to facilitate such change (any such change, 
a "Base Rate Modification") provided that the following conditions are satisfied:  
1. 
the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, has provided the Representative of 
the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and the Noteholders of the 
relevant Transaction with at least 30 (thirty) calendar days' prior written notice of any such 
proposed Base Rate Modification and has certified to the Representative of the 
Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and the Noteholders in such notice 
(such notice being a "Base Rate Modification Certificate") that:  
(a) 
such Base Rate Modification is being undertaken due to:  
(i) 
a prolonged and material disruption to EURIBOR, a material change in the 
methodology of calculating EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(ii) a public statement by the EURIBOR administrator that it will cease publishing 
EURIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
EURIBOR administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
EURIBOR);  
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator that 
EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued or will 
be changed in an adverse manner; 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator that 
means EURIBOR may no longer be used or that its use is or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) the reasonable expectation of the Principal Paying Agent that any of the 
events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above will occur or exist within 6 
(six) months of the proposed effective date of such Base Rate Modification; 
and 
(b) 
such Alternative Base Rate is: 
(i) 
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the European 
Central Bank, any regulatory authority in Italy or the EU or any stock 
exchange on which the Rated Notes are listed (or any relevant committee or 
other body established, sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing);  
(ii) the Euro Over Night Index Average (or any rate which is derived from, based 
upon or otherwise similar to the foregoing); or 
(iii) a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues of Euro 
denominated asset backed floating rate notes prior to the effective date of 
such Base Rate Modification;  
2. 
the Rating Agencies of the relevant Series have been notified of such proposed Base 
Rate Modification and, based on such notification, the Principal Paying Agent is not aware 
that the then current ratings of the Rated Notes of such Series would be adversely affected 
by such Base Rate Modification; and  
3. 
the Originator pays all fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents in connection with such Base Rate Modification.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Notwithstanding the above, no Base Rate Modification will become effective if within 30 (thirty) 
calendar days of the delivery of the Base Rate Modification Certificate, (i) any of the relevant 
Series Swap Counterparty does not consent to Base Rate Modification, or (ii) Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of the 
relevant Series have notified the Issuer in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current 
practice of any applicable clearing system through which the Class A Notes are held) that they 
do not consent to the Base Rate Modification (a "Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event"). 
Objections made in writing other than through the applicable clearing system must be 
accompanied by evidence to the Representative of the Noteholders' satisfaction (having regard 
to prevailing market practices) of the relevant Noteholder's title to the Class A Notes of such 
Series. If a Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event occurs, the Base Rate Modification will not 
become effective unless a resolution of the holders of the Class A Notes of the relevant Series is 
passed in favour of the Base Rate Modification in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Noteholders. The Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the 
Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparties and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date when the Base Rate Modification takes 
effect.  
"Euro", "euro", "cents" and "€" refer to the single currency introduced in the member states of 
the European Community which adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty of 
Rome of 25 March 1957, as amended by, inter alia, the Single European Act 1986, the Treaty of 
European Union of 7 February 1992, establishing the European Union and the European Council 
of Madrid of 16 December 1995. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, with offices 
at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed 
in Rome on 25 March 1957) as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht 
on 7 February 1992). 
"Expenses" means, in respect of each Transaction:  
(a) 
any and all documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes, required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Noteholders of the relevant Series and the Other Issuer 
Creditors of such Transaction) arising in connection with such Transaction and/or required 
to be paid (as determined in accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement, by 
reference to the number of the then outstanding Transactions carried out by the Issuer) 
in order to preserve the existence of the Issuer, to maintain it in good standing or to comply 
with applicable laws; and 
(b) 
any other documented costs, fees and expenses due to persons who are not parties to 
the relevant Series Documents which have been incurred in or in connection with the 
preservation or enforcement of the relevant Series Issuer's Segregated Assets, 
which will be attributed pro quota to each Transaction in accordance with the provisions of the 
Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Expenses Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the name of the 
Issuer with the Collection Account Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each Transaction and the relevant Series 
CAMPA.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Noteholders. 
 “FATCA” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
"Ferrovie dello Stato Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the 
accounts (bilancio) of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the 
latest approved accounts (ultimo bilancio approvato) of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A.. 
"Final Maturity Date" means, with reference to each Series, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
relating to each Transaction, the final terms prepared for the issuance of such Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. 
"Financial Laws Consolidation Act" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"First Portfolio" means the first Portfolio purchased by the Issuer in the context of the Programme 
on the Initial Signing Date pursuant to the Programme Receivable Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Further Transfer Notice" means the notice to be sent by the Originator to the Issuer in order to 
proceed with the sale of a Portfolio in the context of the Programme pursuant to the Programme 
Receivable Purchase Agreement. 
"Further Transfer Notice Date" means the date on which the Originator, deliver a Further 
Transfer Notice to the Issuer.  
"GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation adopted with Regulation (EU) 2016/679, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Guarantor" means any person having issued or released a Collateral Security. 
"Holder" or "holder" of a Note means the ultimate owner of a Note. 
"IBL Banca" means IBL – Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. a bank incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni), having its registered office 
at Rome, Via Venti Settembre 30, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Rome number 00452550585, enrolled under number 5578 in the albo delle banche held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, holding company 
(capogruppo) of the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL Banca" enrolled under number 3263.1 
in the albo dei gruppi bancari held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
"IBL Finance" means IBL FINANCE S.R.L., a società a responsabilità limitata incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at 
Via di Campo Marzio 46, Rome, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Rome under number 13264381008, enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to the Bank of Italy regulation dated 7 June 2017 and having as its sole corporate 
object the realisation of securitisation transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation Law.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
"IBL Servicing" means IBL Servicing S.p.A., a financial intermediary incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Via Venti Settembre 30, 00187 - Rome, tax 
code and enrolment with the companies register of Rome no. 10218521002, enrolled under No. 
27 (codice meccanografico 33596) of the register of the financial intermediaries held by the Bank 
of Italy, fully-owned by IBL Banca and subsidiary of the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL 
Banca", enrolled with the register of the banking groups (albo dei gruppi bancari) under no. 3263 
pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Indemnity" (Indennizzo) means the amount due by the Insurance Company to the Issuer upon 
occurrence of a Job Damage and/or a Life Damage, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Insurance Policy. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, in respect of each Receivable, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of the components set out in clause 3.1.1 of the Programme Receivable Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Initial Interest Period" means the first Interest Period, which shall begin on (and include) the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series and end on (but exclude) the first relevant Payment Date, each 
as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Initial Signing Date" means 4 August 2017, as the date of execution of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Programme 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company or corporation that: 
(a) 
such company or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation, or is failing or is 
likely to fail pursuant to article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 (if 
applicable), or has entered into a "concordato" with its creditors or other debt restructuring 
arrangements 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
"fallimento", 
"liquidazione 
coatta 
amministrativa", "concordato preventivo", and "amministrazione straordinaria", each such 
expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
including 
the 
seeking 
of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or 
similar procedure having a similar effect, unless, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), 
such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (a) above is made 
in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise 
initiated against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), 
the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(c) 
such company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the Other Issuer 
Creditors) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee, indemnity or assurance against loss given by it in respect 
of any indebtedness or applies for suspension of payments; or

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company or corporation or any of the events under article 
2484 of the Italian civil code occurs with respect to such company or corporation (except 
a winding-up for the purposes of, or pursuant to, a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Noteholders); or 
(e) 
such company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Instalment" means, with respect to each Loan Agreement, from which the Receivables are 
originated, each instalment due from time to time by the relevant Debtor thereunder and which 
consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
"Insurance Company" means each insurance company having entered into, or which will enter 
into, an Insurance Master Agreement with IBL Banca and that, therefore, has issued, or will issue, 
an Insurance Policy for the benefit of IBL Banca. 
"Insurance Master Agreement" means each agreement entered into between IBL Banca and 
an Insurance Company which regulates the terms and conditions for the issue of the relevant 
Insurance Policies for the benefit of IBL Banca. 
"Insurance Policy" means, with respect to each Loan Agreement, the insurance policies issued 
by the Insurance Companies for the benefit of IBL Banca, pursuant to the Insurance Master 
Agreements, to cover certain risks associated to the relevant Debtor, the relevant rights and 
actions deriving therefrom are included in the Receivables transferred to the Issuer pursuant to 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and whose benefit, following the assignment 
of the relevant Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, have 
been transferred to the Issuer. 
"Interest Basis" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued in the context of the 
relevant Transaction, the Fixed Rate of Interest or the Floating Rate of Interest.  
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment under each relevant 
Loan. 
"Interest Payment Amount" has the meaning ascribed to that term in Rated Note Condition 7.6 
(Calculation of Interest Payment Amounts). 
"Interest Period" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued in the context of the 
relevant Transaction, each period from (and including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Payment Date, provided that the first Interest Period will commence on the Issue Date 
of such Series of Notes and end on the relevant first Payment Date (such first Payment Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series). 
"Investment Account" means, with reference to each Transaction, any cash investment account 
which, following the relevant Issue Date of the Series of Notes issued under such Transaction, 
may be opened by the Issuer with the Investment Account Bank (or with any other Eligible 
Institution) in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, for the deposit of the bonds, debentures or other 
kinds of notes or financial instruments purchased as Eligible Investments. 
"Investment Account Bank" means Citi London and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
"Issue Date" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the 
date defined as such in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Issue Price" means, with reference to each Transaction, in respect of each Class of Notes of 
the relevant Series issued under such Transaction, the price specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
"Issuer" means Marzio Finance S.r.l., a società a responsabilità limitata incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at Viale 
Parioli, 10, Rome, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Rome under 
number 09840320965, enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to the Bank of Italy regulation dated 7 June 2017 and having as its sole corporate object 
the realisation of securitisation transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation Law. 
"Issuer’s Rights" has the meaning ascribed to the term "Diritti di Credito" under clause 2.1 of 
each Series Deed of Pledge relating to the rights of the Issuer pledged under such Series Deed 
of Pledge. 
"Issuer's Series Segregated Assets" means, with reference to each Transaction, together, the 
Issuer's right, title and interest in and to the Portfolio purchased by the Issuer in the context of 
such Transaction, any monetary claim accrued by the Issuer in the context of such Transaction, 
the relevant collections and any financial assets purchased through such collections, which are 
segregated by operation of law from the Issuer's other assets pursuant to the Securitisation Law.  
"Italian Paying Agent" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Conditions. 
"Job Damage" (Sinistro Impiego) means each event related and/or connected to the employment 
relationship of a Debtor covered under the relevant Insurance Policy, upon occurrence of which 
the relevant Insurance Company shall pay the Indemnity to IBL Banca - and, upon transfer of the 
Receivables to the Issuer, to the Issuer - in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
Insurance Policy. 
"Joint Regulation" means the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018. 
"Junior Notes" means the Class J Notes. 
"Junior Noteholders" means the holders of the Class J Notes. 
"Junior Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Junior Notes. 
“LCR Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the 
Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, 
claims, demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever 
including legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any value 
added or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred to in this definition. 
"Life Damage" (Sinistro Vita) means the death of a Debtor covered under the relevant Insurance 
Policy, upon occurrence of which the relevant Insurance Company shall pay the Indemnity to IBL 
Banca and, upon transfer of the Receivables to the Issuer, to the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of such Insurance Policy.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
"Limited Recourse Loan" means any limited recourse loan made by the Originator to the Issuer 
pursuant to clause 4.1 of the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Liquidity Reserve" means, in respect of each Transaction, a reserve created with a portion of 
the proceeds of the issue of the Class J Notes on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Series, 
to be applied in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Liquidity Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the name 
of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of each 
Transaction. 
"Liquidity Reserve Amount" means, at any time, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Liquidity Reserve Account. 
"Liquidity Reserve Initial Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, the amount credited 
on the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account upon issuance of the relevant Series of Notes, out of 
the proceeds thereof, as specified in the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Liquidity Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the amount 
specified as such under the relevant Series CAMPA and set out in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Listing Agent" means Banque International à Luxembourg and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Listing Agent Fee Letter. 
"Listing Agent Fee Letter" means the fee letter entered into on or about the Initial Signing Date 
between the Issuer and the Listing Agent. 
"Loan" means each personal loan granted by the Originator to a Debtor, on the basis of a Loan 
Agreement, to be reimbursed through a Salary Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a 
Payment Delegation issued in favour of IBL Banca by the relevant Debtor, and furthermore 
assisted by an Insurance Policy, from which the Receivables transferred to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and each Transfer Agreement arise. 
"Loan Agreement" means each written agreement, from which a Receivable arises, entered into 
between IBL Banca and a Debtor and pursuant to which IBL Banca has granted a Loan. 
"Loan Early Termination" means the full redemption of a Loan made by the relevant Debtor, 
before the maturity provided by the amortisation plan set out in the relevant Loan Agreement. 
"Local Authorities" means the local territorial authorities set forth in article 2 paragraph 1 of the 
legislative decree 18 August 2000, No. 267 ("Testo unico delle leggi sull’ordinamento degli enti 
locali") and, in particular, municipalities (comuni), provinces (province), metropolitan cities (città 
metropolitane), mountain authority (comunità montane), island authorities (comunità isolane) and 
municipalities unions (unioni di comuni), as defined therein. 
"Management Fee" means, for each Loan, the fees due for the management of the relevant Loan 
during the amortisation period, if applicable. 
"Management Fee Amortisation Plan" means, for each Loan, the plan for the accrual of the 
Management Fee in favour of the Originator.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
"Management Fee Reserve" means, with reference to each Transaction, a cash reserve of the 
Issuer created with a deposit made by the Originator on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
Notes issued under such Transaction, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Management Fee Prepayment Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the 
Residual Management Fee for each Loan in respect of which a Loan Early Termination occurred, 
as specified by the Servicer in each relevant Servicer’s Report relating to such Transaction, to be 
transferred for the amount set out in such Servicer’s Report, from the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Account to the relevant Payments Account, one Business Day before each Payment 
Date, to form part of the relevant Series Available Funds. 
"Management Fee Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in 
the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each Transaction and the 
relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Management Fee Reserve Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, at any time, the 
balance of the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account. 
"Management Fee Reserve Increased Amount" means, in respect of each Loan and with 
reference to each Servicer’s Report Date under each Transaction, the difference, if positive, 
between (i) the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of such Servicer’s Report Date, and 
(ii) the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of the immediately preceding Servicer’s 
Report Date (net of any amount of the Management Fee Prepayment Amount). 
"Management Fee Reserve Released Amount" means, in relation to each Portfolio, with respect 
to each Loan, and with reference to each relevant Servicer’s Report Date, the difference, if 
positive, between (i) the relevant Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of the immediately 
preceding Servicer’s Report Date (net of any Management Fee Prepayment Amount), and (ii) the 
Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of such Servicer’s Report Date. 
"Management Fee Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, an 
amount equal to 25% (twenty-five per cent.) of the relevant Residual Management Fee in respect 
of the Portfolio transferred under such Transaction. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on the Initial Signing Date 
between the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Master Servicer" means IBL Servicing and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the provisions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicing Fee" means the fee due to the Master Servicer, as determined in accordance 
with the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicer Termination Event" means each of the events provided for under clause 11 
of the Programme Servicing Agreement, which causes the termination of the appointment of the 
Servicer, in accordance with the provisions set forth thereunder. 
"Matrice dei Conti" has the meaning ascribed to it under the BoI Supervision Guidelines. 
"Mezzanine Noteholders" means the Class B Noteholders (if any).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
"Mezzanine Notes" means the Class B Notes (if any). 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a joint stock company having its registered office at Via 
Mantegna, 6, 20154 Milan, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository bank 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream. 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Monte Titoli. 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s Investors Service. 
"Most Senior Class of Notes" means, with reference to each Transaction, respectively, (i) the 
Class A Notes; (ii) following the full repayment of all the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes (if any); 
(iii) following the full repayment of all the Class B Notes (if any), the Class J Notes. 
"Net Portfolio Yield" means, with reference to each Transaction, with respect to any relevant 
Collection Period, the amount which is the aggregate of: (i) the Interest Instalments accrued on 
the relevant Portfolio during the relevant period whether or not actually paid less specific 
provisions for losses in respect of each single Receivable determined by the Servicer and any 
losses with respect to such period; (ii) any default interest (interessi di mora) accrued on the 
Receivables and paid during such period under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement; (iii) 
the amount of any and all penalties paid in such period; (iv) any other revenues accrued to the 
Issuer under the Loan Agreement in such period. 
"Noteholders" means, together, the Rated Noteholders and the Junior Noteholders. 
"Notes" means, together, the Rated Notes and the Junior Notes. 
"Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means any of the Class A Notes Formula Redemption 
Amount, the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount (if any) and the Class J Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
"Notice" means any notice delivered under or in connection with any Programme Document or 
Series Document. 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Notes, the 
Programme Documents and the Series Documents. 
"Offer Date" means the date which falls within 10 Business Days of the Valuation Date of the 
relevant Portfolio, as set out in the relevant Further Transfer Notice, in which the Originator deliver 
a proposal relating to a Transfer Agreement to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, provided that there will not be more than one Offer Date per month.  
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
"Organisation of the Noteholders" means, with reference to each Transaction, the association 
of the Noteholders, organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders. 
"Originator" (or also "Seller") means IBL Banca. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means, with reference to each Transaction, the Originator, the Master 
Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Representative 
of the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Paying Agents, the Account

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Banks, the Cash Manager, the Programme Administrator, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty 
(if any) and any party who at any time accedes to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Outstanding Balance" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, (i) the 
aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Due and the Interest Instalments due but not yet paid as 
at that date, plus (ii) any penalties (including any default interest) accrued on any Unpaid 
Instalments. 
"Outstanding Principal Due" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, the 
Outstanding Principal on such date for such Receivable. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, the 
aggregate of (i) all the Principal Instalments due and unpaid (also only in part) on such date and 
(ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due and not already paid on such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Not Yet Due" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, 
the aggregate of the Principal Instalments not yet due on such date. 
"Paying Agents" means, collectively, the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent. 
"Payments Account" (or also "Payment Account") means, with reference to each Transaction, 
the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank 
or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Payment Date" means, with reference to all Series of Notes issued under the Programme by 
the Issuer, (a) prior to the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the date falling montly, 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, any 
day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Post Enforcement Priority of Payment, the Conditions and the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement, provided that the first Payment Date in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Payment Delegation" (or also "DP") means the payment delegation of one fifth of the salary 
made, pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement, by a Debtor in favour of IBL Banca, with 
reference to the payments due by such Debtor under the relevant Loan. 
"Payments Report" (or also "Payment Report") means, with reference to each Transaction, the 
report setting out all the payments to be made on each relevant Calculation Date, which shall be 
prepared and delivered by the Calculation Agent or the Back-Up Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each relevant 
Series CAMPA. 
“PCS” means Prime Collateralised Securities EU SAS. 
"Portfolio" means each pool of Receivables sold by the Originator and purchased by the Issuer 
in the context of the Programme pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
"Post Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the Priority of Payments under the Rated 
Notes Condition 6.2 (Post Acceleration Priority of Payments). 
"Poste Italiane Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the accounts 
(bilancio) of Poste Italiane S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the latest approved accounts 
(ultimo bilancio approvato) of Poste Italiane S.p.A..

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
"Post Acceleration Payments Report" means, in respect of each Transaction, the report setting 
out all the payments to be made on the following Payment Date under the Post Acceleration 
Priority of Payments which, following the occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event and the 
delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, shall be prepared and delivered by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the Priority of Payments under the Rated Notes 
Condition 6.1 (Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments). 
"Previous Securitisation" means the securitisation transaction carried out by IBL Finance 
through the issue on 22 May 2015 of the €2,009,800,000 Class A Asset Backed Fixed Rate Notes 
due December 2040 and the €223,220,000 Class B Asset Backed Variable Return Notes due 
December 2040. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any date:  
(a) 
in relation to each Class of Notes, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all Notes 
in such Class; and  
(b) 
in relation to a Note, the principal amount of that Note upon issue, less the aggregate 
amount of all principal payments made on that Note that have been repaid on or prior to 
such date. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment under each relevant 
Loan. 
"Principal Payment Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Rated Notes Condition 8.6 
(Calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding) and Junior Notes 
Condition 8.6 (Calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding). 
"Principal Paying Agent" means Citi London and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Priority of Payments" means, with reference to each Transaction, the order of priority pursuant 
to which the relevant Series Available Funds shall be applied on each relevant Payment Date 
prior to and/or following the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Rated Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions and the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Privacy Law" means any legislation applicable on data protection, including the GDPR, the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, and the national legislation implementing the GDPR adopted pursuant to the legislative 
delegation provided by article 13 of Law No. 163 of 25 October 2017. 
"Proceeding" has the meaning ascribed to "Procedimento" under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Programme" means the programme established by the Originator and the Issuer pursuant to 
the Securitisation Law in the context of which the Originator may sell without recourse (pro soluto) 
and the Issuer shall purchase without recourse (pro soluto), pursuant to article 1 and 4 of the 
Securitisation Law, Portfolios of Receivables arising out from Loans originated by IBL Banca to 
be reimbursed through a Salary Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a Payment Delegation 
issued in favour of IBL Banca by the relevant Debtor, pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and each relevant Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
"Programme Administrator" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement" means the back-up servicing agreement entered 
into on 4 August 2017 between the Issuer and the Back-up Servicer in relation to the Programme 
and any relevant Transaction thereunder, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash 
allocation, management and payments agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Originator, the Representative of the Noteholders, 
each Account Bank, the Corporate Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Back-
up Calculation Agent, the Programme Administrator and each Paying Agent in relation to the 
Programme and any relevant Transaction thereunder, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
"Programme Documents" means, together, the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the 
Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement, the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement, the Listing Agent Fee 
Letter, the Mandate Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Quotaholder's 
Agreement, the Conditions and any other document which may be entered into, from time to time, 
in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors on 4 August 2017 in respect of the Programme, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Maturity Date" means the earlier of (i) December 2050, (ii) the Cancellation Date 
in respect of the last Series of Notes issued under the Programme (as defined below), and (iii) 
the date of delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination Notice. 
"Programme Purchase Termination Event" means any of the events provided for under 
Condition 12.5 (Programme Purchase Termination Event), the occurrence of which will prevent 
the Issuer from purchasing any additional Portfolio and issue any additional Series of Notes under 
the Programme. 
"Programme Purchase Termination Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of 
the Noteholders and/or the Programme Administrator following the occurrence of a Programme 
Purchase Termination Event, in accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and the 
Conditions. 
"Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the receivables purchase agreement 
entered into on the Initial Signing Date between the Issuer and the Originator in respect of the 
Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on the Initial 
Signing Date between the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Servicer in respect of the 
Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity 
agreement entered into on the Initial Signing Date between the Issuer and the Originatorin respect 
of the Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. "Prospetto dei Crediti" has the meaning ascribed 
to such term under the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Public Entities" (or also "Public Administration") means any entity to which the provisions of 
articles 69 and 70 of the RD 2440/1923 apply. 
"Public Owned Companies" means any limited companies (società di capitali) subject to the 
control, within the meaning of article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code, of one or more Public 
Administrations. 
"Purchase Price" means the purchase price payable by the Issuer to the Originator in respect of 
each Portfolio, pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Transfer Agreement. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer, as purchaser (cessionario or acquirente) under the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Issuer with IBL Banca with IBAN: IT08B0326303200000000001153, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Quotaholder" means Special Purpose Entity Management S.r.l.. 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement executed on 4 August 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Quotaholder and the Representative of the Noteholders, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Rate of Interest" has the meaning ascribed to that term in Rated Notes Condition 7.5 (Rate of 
Interest). 
"Rated Noteholders" means the holders from time to time of the Class A Notes and the Class B 
Notes (if any). 
"Rated Notes" means, the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any). 
"Rated Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Rated Notes. 
"Rating Agencies" means, in respect of any Series issued under the Programme, the rating 
agencies (two or more) whose name will be specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series.  
"Receivables" means all rights and claims of the Issuer arising out from any Loan Agreement as 
of or starting from the relevant Valuation Date (excluded), including without limitation: 
(a) 
all rights and claims in respect of the Outstanding Principal; 
(b) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including the default interest) 
accrued on the Loans and not collected, including Accrued Interest, up to the relevant 
Valuation Date (excluded); 
(c) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including default interest) 
accruing on the Loans from the relevant Valuation Date (included);

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(d) 
all rights and claims in respect of payments of any amount deriving from damages 
suffered, costs, expenses, taxes and ancillary amounts due pursuant to the Loan 
Agreements; 
(e) 
any Collateral Security relating to the relevant Loan Agreement, including without 
limitation all rights and claims for the payment of portion of salary, pension and/or for the 
payment of any other indemnities (including the sums due as "trattamento di fine 
rapporto") due as a consequence of the Salary Assignment and/or the Payment 
Delegation which assists the relevant Loan, and furthermore all rights and claims relating 
to the Insurance Policies; 
(f) 
all privileges and priority rights (diritti di prelazione) transferable pursuant to the 
Securitisation Law supporting the aforesaid rights and claims, as well as any other right, 
claim and action (including any legal proceeding for the recovery of damages), substantial 
and procedural actions and defences inherent or otherwise ancillary to the aforesaid rights 
and claims, including, without limitation, the remedy of termination (risoluzione 
contrattuale per inadempimento) and the declaration of acceleration of the Debtor(s) 
(decadenza dal beneficio del termine), 
provided that any amounts collected under any title in relation to a Loan with reference to the 
period before the relevant Valuation Date will belong exclusively to the Originator and, therefore, 
any amounts collected in relation to a Loan in one single payment without any distinction between 
the period before the relevant Valuation Date and the period after the relevant Valuation Date 
shall be allocated pro quota between the Originator and the Issuer accordingly. 
"Recoveries" means any amount received or recovered by the Master Servicer and/or the 
Servicer in relation to any Defaulted Receivables. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Condition 7.12 (Reference 
Banks and Italian Paying Agent). 
"Regions" means the regions with special statute (regioni a statuto speciale) and the regions with 
ordinary statute (regioni a statuto ordinario) pursuant to article 114 of the Constitution of the 
Republic of Italy (Costituzione della Repubblica Italiana). 
"Regulated Market" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, Bourse 
de Luxembourg. 
"Relevant Regulation" means all laws and regulations and any other provisions issued by the 
Italian State Administration and the Public Entities which are applicable to Salary Assignment and 
the Payment Delegation, including articles 1260 et seq., 1269 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, 
RD 2440/1923, DPR 180/1950, Presidential Decree No. 895/1950, Royal decree 29 July 1914 
No. 850, Decree of Ministero per le Comunicazioni of 28 May 1929 No. 2708, Decree of Ministero 
per le Comunicazioni of 5 July 1932 No. 34, Circular of Ministero del Tesoro of 8 August 1996 
No. 46, Circular of Ministero del Tesoro of 16 October 1996 No. 63, Decree of Ministero 
dell'Economia e delle Finanze of 27 December 2006 No. 313, Circular of INPDAP No. 8 of 30 
March 2007, Circolare of INPS No. 91 of 31 May 2007, and any subsequent amendment and/or 
supplement thereto. 
"Remuneration" means, in respect of the Class J Notes of any Series, on any Payment Date, an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Net Portfolio Yield accrued as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; plus

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(b) 
interest accrued on the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts up to the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); plus 
(c) 
interest accrued deriving from the Eligible Investments (if any) made up to the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); plus 
(d) 
any and all indemnities which became due in favour of the Issuer under any Programme 
Documents and any relevant Series Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); less 
(e) 
any and all amounts under items from First to Seventh (included) and Eleventh (if 
applicable) of the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments, or from First to Eighth (included) 
of the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments, accrued under such items during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid). 
“Reporting Entity” means the Originator acting as the reporting entity pursuant to the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. 
"Representative of the Noteholders" means, in respect of each Series of Notes to be issued 
from time to time under the Programme by the Issuer, Banca Finint  or any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders. 
"Residual Management Fee" means, for each Loan (if applicable) and with reference to any 
date, the Management Fee which has not yet accrued on such Loan on the basis of the relevant 
Management Fee Amortisation Plan. 
"Retention Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, an amount equal to €20,000, 
provided that on the Payment Date on which the Notes of the relevant Series issued under such 
Transaction are redeemed in full, the Retention Amount shall be the amount indicated by the 
Corporate Servicer as necessary to cover the corporate expenses of the Issuer following full 
redemption of such Notes. 
"Retention and Transparency Rules" means, together, articles from 404 to 409 of the CRR, 
articles from 50 to 56 of the AIFMR, article 254 of the Solvency II Regulation, articles 6 and 7 of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 ("Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche") as amended from time to time, issued by the Bank of Italy, together with 
any applicable guidance, technical standards or related documents published by the European 
Banking Authority (including its predecessor, the Committee of European Banking Supervisors, 
and any successor or replacement agency or authority) and any delegated regulations of the 
European Commission in connection thereof and any other laws or regulations providing for 
retention and due diligence requirements in respect of securitisation transactions, as from to time 
applicable and/or amended or supplemented. 
"Royal Decree 2440/1923" or "RD 2440/1923" means the Italian Royal Decree No. 2440 of 18 
November 1923, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the organisation of 
the Noteholders attached as an Exhibit to the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes 
Conditions. 
"Salary Assignment" (or also "CDQ") means the assignment of one fifth of the salary and/or 
pension made, pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement, by a Debtor in favour of IBL Banca, by 
way of satisfaction (cessione in luogo dell’adempimento) of the obligations arising under the 
relevant Loan.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
"Scheduled Instalment Date" means any date on which an Instalment is due pursuant to a Loan 
Agreement. 
“Scope” means Scope Ratings GmbH.  
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
"Securitisation Law" means the Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the any Series Deed of Pledge and the Series 
Deed of Charge (if any). 
"Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or 
other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts so 
as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type of preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Senior Noteholders" means the Class A Noteholders. 
"Senior Notes" means the Class A Notes. 
"Series" or "Series of Notes" means, with reference to each Transaction, the series of Notes to 
be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to the Base Prospectus and article 1 and 
5 of the Securitisation Law, for the purpose of financing the purchase of the relevant Portfolio. 
"Series Available Funds" means, with reference to each Transaction, on any relevant Payment 
Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
all Collections and Recoveries collected by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio during the immediately 
preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all amounts received by the Issuer from the Originator pursuant to the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement and the 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement during the immediately preceding 
relevant Collection Period; 
(iii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Payments Account on the immediately preceding 
Payment Date after application of the relevant Priority of Payments on that Payment Date; 
(iv) 
any revenues and other amounts matured or deriving from the realisation, liquidation and 
any other proceeds on maturity of any Eligible Investments (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, interest, premium or any other amount representing its yield) and credited to the 
relevant Payments Account not later than 2 (two) Business Days prior to such Payment 
Date; 
(v) 
any amount due and payable to the Issuer by the relevant Series Swap Counterparty 
under the relevant Series Swap Agreement on such Payment Date (if and to the extent 
paid) other than any Collateral Amounts, any termination payment required to be made

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
under such Series Swap Agreement, any collateral payable or transferable (as the case 
may be) under such Series Swap Agreement, which will not be available to the Issuer to 
make payments to its creditors generally, but may only be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of the Collateral Account; 
(vi) 
all amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Series 
Available Funds) of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid 
on the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts, other than the relevant Expenses Account, 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(vii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale (in whole or in part), if any, of the relevant Portfolio 
and/or of other components of the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated Assets, in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series Documents; 
(viii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of individual Receivables included in the 
relevant Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series Documents 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(ix) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Series 
Available Funds) received by the Issuer from any party to the relevant Series Documents 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(x) 
the relevant Additional Reserve Amount transferred from the relevant Additional Reserve 
Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such Payment Date; 
(xi) 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve Amount transferred from the relevant Liquidity Reserve 
Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such Payment Date; 
(xii) 
the Management Fee Prepayment Amount (if any) transferred from the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such 
Payment Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the Series 
Available Funds, in respect of any Payment Date, shall also comprise any other amount standing 
to the credit of the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts as at the immediately preceding relevant 
Calculation Date. 
"Series CAMPA" means, with reference to the each Transaction, the cash allocation, 
management and payments agreement executed by the relevant parties pursuant to the form 
annexed to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement and the 
provisions thereunder. 
"Series Deed of Charge" means, in respect of the relevant Transaction, the English law deed of 
charge that may be entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Representative 
of the Noteholders (in its behalf and as trustee for the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors), 
in the event that (i) the Investment Account is opened with the Investment Account Bank under 
such Transaction, in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, and/or (ii) the Series Swap Agreement is 
entered into by the Issuer under such Transaction. 
"Series Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on or about each 
Issue Date of each Series of Notes between the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders 
(acting on behalf of the Noteholders of the relevant Series and of the Other Issuer Creditors of 
the relevant Series) with reference to each Transaction and each Series of Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
"Series Documents" means, together, any documents executed by the Issuer and any Other 
Issuer Creditor, with reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Documents, 
including the applicable Final Terms relating to the Series of Notes issued under such 
Transaction. 
"Series Intercreditor Agreement" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme in the context of each Transaction, the intercreditor agreement executed on or 
about the Issue Date of such Series between the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors. 
"Series Issuer’s Accounts" means, collectively, in respect of each Transaction, the Collection 
Account, the Payments Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the Additional Reserve Account, 
the Management Fee Reserve Account, the Investment Account (when opened), the Collateral 
Account (when opened) and the Expenses Account opened in the name of the Issuer with 
reference to such Transaction pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA and "Series Issuer’s Account" means any 
of them. 
"Series Subscription Agreement" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme in the context of each Transaction, the subscription agreement executed on or 
about the Issue Date of such Series between the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders 
and the relevant Subscriber(s), as initial subscriber(s) of the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Series Swap Agreement" means, with reference to each Transaction, the interest rate hedging 
agreement or the interest rate option (or any other agreement having the same interest rate 
hedging economic and financial purpose) (if any) executed on the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series of Notes between the Issuer and one or more Series Swap Counterparties, including any 
credit support annex entered into in connection to the relevant hedging transaction. 
"Series Swap Counterparty" means, with reference to each Series of Notes, any of, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale S.A., Banco Santander S.A., JP 
Morgan AG and UniCredit, acting as swap counterparty (or swap counterparties) of the Issuer in 
connection with the relevant Series, as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series of 
Notes. 
"Servicer" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report" means, with reference to each Transaction, the monthly report to be 
prepared and delivered by the Master Servicer, on each relevant Servicer's Report Date, pursuant 
to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report Date" means, with reference to each Transaction, the 10th Business Day 
following each relevant Collection Period. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means each of the events provided for under clause 11 of the 
Programme Servicing Agreement, which causes the termination of the appointment of the 
Servicer, in accordance with the provisions set forth thereunder. 
"Servicing Fee" means the fee due to the Servicer, as determined in accordance with the 
Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Sistema Bancario Accentrato" has the meaning ascribed to it under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Solvency II Regulation" means the Delegated Act adopted on 10 October 2014 by the 
European Commission, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
"Specific Criteria" means the further objective criteria for the identification of the Receivables of 
each Portfolio which may be selected by the Originator in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and which will be set out in the relevant Transfer 
Agreement. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to an Agent, or any additional Agent appointed pursuant 
to the Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and the provisions of the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the specified office notified to the 
Noteholders upon notification of the appointment of each such Agent in accordance with the 
Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and in each such case, such other address 
as it may specify in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
"Subscribers" means any initial subscribers of any Series of Notes issued in respect of each 
Transaction under the Programme which will execute the relevant Series Subscription 
Agreement, and "Subscriber" means each of them. 
"Subsequent SPV" means each securitisation company incorporated pursuant to the 
Securitisation Law for carrying out further securitisation transactions of receivables originated by 
IBL Banca of the same type of the Receivables transferred to the Issuer in the context of the 
Programme, to which the Issuer may transfer Portfolios of Receivables according to clause 16 of 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and Condition 18 (Transfer of the Receivables 
by the Issuer to Subsequent SPVs).  
"Supplemental Purchase Price" means, in relation to any Receivable in respect of which an 
Accounting Cancellation ("storno") has been made, an amount calculated in accordance with 
clause 3.5 of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"TARGET System" means the TARGET2 system. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any 
political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein or otherwise imposed under 
Applicable Law. 
"Tax Deduction" has the meaning ascribed to it under Rated Notes Condition 11 (Taxation). 
"Transaction" means each transaction carried out in the context of the Programme pursuant to 
which the Issuer (i) will purchase a Portfolio from the Originator pursuant to the Programme 
Receivable Purchase Agreement and (ii) will issue a Series of Notes pursuant to article 1 and 5 
of the Securitisation Law for the purpose of financing the purchase of such Portfolio. 
"Transaction Bank" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch and any successor or assignee thereto 
in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Transfer Date" means, with reference to each Transaction, the date on which the Originator has 
received the Acceptance of the relevant Transfer Agreement from the Issuer in accordance with 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
"Transaction Documents" means, indistinctively, any of the Programme Documents and the 
relevant Series Documents.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
"Transaction Acceleration Event" means any of the events described in Rated Notes Condition 
12.1 (Transaction Acceleration Events). 
"Transaction Acceleration Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of the 
Noteholders on the Issuer declaring the Notes of the relevant Series to be due and payable in full 
following the occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event as described in Rated Notes 
Condition 12.2 (Delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice). 
"Unpaid Instalment" means, with reference to a Loan, an Instalment which is due and unpaid. 
"Unpaid Management Fee Reserve Released Amount" means, for each Loan and with 
reference to any date, the Management Fee Reserve Released Amount up to such date which 
has not been repaid yet to the Originator pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and 
the other Programme Documents. 
"UniCredit" means UniCredit Bank AG, with registered office at Arabellastraße 12, 81925 Munich, 
incorporated in Germany and registered with the Commercial Register at the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich under number HRB 42148, incorporated as a stock corporation under 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Usury Law" means the Italian Law No. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, and the Italian Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, which converted into law the 
Italian Law Decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Valuation Date" means, with reference to each Portfolio, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Transfer Agreement and in schedule 1 to the applicable Final Terms. 
"Variable Return" means, together, the Remuneration and the Additional Remuneration (if any) 
which may be payable on the Class J Notes of any Series on each relevant Payment Date subject 
to the Junior Notes Conditions. 
"VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in Italian D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972, as amended and implemented from time to time and any other tax of a similar 
fiscal nature whether imposed in Italy (in place of or in addition to IVA) or elsewhere. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
2.2.1. References in Rated Notes Condition 
Any reference in these Conditions to: 
"holder" and "Holder" mean the ultimate holder of a Note of any Series and the words 
"holder", "Noteholder" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
a "law" shall be construed as a reference to any law, statute, constitution, decree, 
judgment, treaty, regulation, directive, by-law, order or any other legislative measure of 
any government, supranational, local government, statutory or regulatory body and a 
reference to any provision of any law, statute, constitution, decree, judgment, treaty, 
regulation, directive, by-law, order or any such legislative measure is to that provision as 
amended or re-enacted; 
"person" shall be construed as a reference to any person, firm, company, corporation, 
government, state or agency of a state and any association or partnership (whether or not 
having legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing;

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation 
or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have 
been transferred. 
2.2.2. 
Transaction Documents and other agreements 
Any reference to any document defined as a "Transaction Document" or any other 
agreement or document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction Document 
or, as the case may be, such other agreement or document as the same may have been, 
or may from time to time be amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced. 
2.2.3. 
Transaction Parties 
A reference to any person defined as a "Transaction Party" in these Conditions or in any 
Transaction Document shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent 
successors and permitted assignees and transferees in accordance with their respective 
interests. 
3. 
DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE 
3.1 
Denomination 
The Rated Notes are issued in the minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples 
thereafter, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
Security for the Notes 
The rights arising from the Series Deed of Pledge are incorporated in each Rated Note of the 
relevant Series. 
3.3 
Form and title to the Notes  
The Rated Notes are issued in bearer form on behalf of the beneficial owners until redemption or 
cancellation by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. The Rated 
Notes will be accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli with effect from the Issue Date. The Notes 
will at all times be in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entry in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) article 83-bis of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act, and 
(ii) the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018 (and 
published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018), as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
3.4 
The Rules 
The rights and powers of the Rated Noteholders of any Series in respect of the relevant 
Transaction and the Programme may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules attached to 
these Conditions as an Exhibit which shall constitute an integral and essential part of these 
Conditions. 
4. 
STATUS, SEGREGATION AND RANKING 
4.1 
Status 
The Rated Notes constitute secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and, accordingly, 
the obligation of the Issuer to make payments under the Rated Notes is limited to the amounts 
received or recovered by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated Assets,

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
as further specified in Condition 9.2 (Limited recourse obligation of the Issuer). The Rated 
Noteholders acknowledge that the limited recourse nature of the Rated Notes produces the 
effects of a "contratto aleatorio" under Italian law and they accept the consequences thereof, 
including, but not limited to, the provisions of article 1469 of the Italian civil code. 
4.2 
Segregation by law and security 
By virtue of the operation of Article 3 of the Securitisation Law and the Transaction Documents, 
the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the relevant Portfolio purchased by the Issuer under 
each Transaction, any monetary claim accrued by the Issuer in the context of such Transaction, 
the relevant collections and the financial assets purchased through such collections (the "Issuer’s 
Series Segregated Assets") will be segregated from all other assets of the Issuer (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any other Portfolio purchased by the Issuer in the context of the 
Programme). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving therefrom (to the extent identifiable) will be 
exclusively available, both prior to and following a winding up of the Issuer, to satisfy the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series, to the Other Issuer Creditors 
of the relevant Transaction and to any other creditor of the Issuer in respect of costs, fees and 
expenses in relation to the relevant Transaction. 
The Notes of each Class of any Series will have the benefit of the Security over certain assets of 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Series Deed of Pledge and the relevant Series Deed of Charge 
(if applicable). 
4.3 
Ranking 
In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme:  
- 
the Senior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference 
or priority among themselves for all purposes, but in priority to the Mezzanine Notes (if 
any) and the Junior Notes of such Series; 
- 
the Mezzanine Notes of such Series (if any) will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any 
preference or priority among themselves for all purposes, but subordinated to the Senior 
Notes of such Series and in priority to the Junior Notes of such Series; 
- 
the Junior Notes of such Series will rank pari passu and pro-rata without any preference 
or priority among themselves for all purposes, but subordinated to the Senior Notes and 
the Mezzanine Notes (if any) of such Series, 
provided that for so long as there are Class A Notes outstanding, following the occurrence of a 
Class B Notes Series Performance Trigger, interest accruing on the Class B Notes will be 
subordinated to the payment of principal on the Class A Notes in accordance with Condition 6.3 
(Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers) and the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments, 
subject to the availability of the relevant Series Available Funds 
4.4 
Obligations of Issuer only 
The Rated Notes are obligations solely of the Issuer and are not obligations of, or guaranteed by, 
any other entity or person. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
For so long as any amount remains outstanding in respect of the Notes of any Class, the Issuer 
shall not, in respect of each Transaction, save with prior written consent of the Representative of 
the Noteholders or as provided in or envisaged by any of the Transaction Documents:

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
5.1 
Negative pledge 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest whatsoever over the relevant Portfolio or any part 
thereof or over any of its other assets or sell, lend, part with or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the relevant Portfolio or any of its assets; or 
5.2 
Restrictions on activities 
5.2.1 
engage in any activity whatsoever which is not incidental to or necessary in connection 
with such Transaction or the Programme or with any of the activities in which the 
Transaction Documents provide or envisage that the Issuer will engage; or 
5.2.2 
enter into derivative contracts save as expressly permitted by article 21, paragraph 2, of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation; or 
5.2.3 
have any subsidiary (società controllata as defined in article 2359 of the Italian civil code) 
or any employees or premises; or 
5.2.4 
at any time approve or agree or consent to any act or thing whatsoever which may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders under the Transaction Documents 
and or to do, or permit to be done, any act or thing in relation thereto which may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders under the Transaction 
Documents; or 
5.2.5 
become the owner of any real estate assets; or 
5.3 
Dividends or distributions 
pay any dividend or make any other distribution or return or repay any equity capital to any of its 
Quotaholders, or increase its quota capital, save as required by applicable law; or 
5.4 
De-registrations 
ask for de-registration from the "elenco delle società veicolo" held by Bank of Italy under article 2 
of the Bank of Italy resolution dated 7 June 2017, for as long as the Securitisation Law, the 
Consolidated Banking Act or any other applicable law or regulation requires issuers of notes 
issued under the Securitisation Law or companies incorporated pursuant to the Securitisation Law 
to be registered thereon; or 
5.5 
Borrowings 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever (save for the indebtedness 
incurred in respect of the Programme and each Transaction thereunder) or give any guarantee, 
indemnity or security in respect of any indebtedness or in respect of any other obligation of any 
person or entity or become liable for the debts of any other person or entity or hold out its credit 
as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; or 
5.6 
Merger 
consolidate or merge with any other person or entity or convey or transfer all or substantially all 
of its properties or assets to any other person or entity; or 
5.7 
No variation or waiver 
permit any of the Programme Documents or the relevant Series Documents to which it is party to 
be amended, terminated or discharged, or exercise any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to 
the terms of any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party including any power of

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
consent or waiver in respect of the relevant Portfolio, or permit any party to any of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party to be released from such obligations; or 
5.8 
Bank accounts 
open or have an interest in any bank account other than the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts, 
the account on which its contributed quota capital is deposited or transferred; or 
5.9 
Statutory documents 
agree (insofar as is currently permitted) to amend, supplement or otherwise modify its by-laws 
(statuto) or atto costitutivo except where such amendment, supplement or modification is required 
by compulsory provisions of Italian law or by the competent regulatory authorities; or 
5.10 
Corporate records, financial statements and book of account 
cease to maintain corporate records, financial statements or books of account separate from 
those of the Originator and any other person or entity; or 
5.11 
Centre of Interest 
move its "centre of main interest" (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency 
Regulation) outside the Republic of Italy; or 
5.12 
Branch outside Italy 
establish any branch or "establishment" (as that term is used in Article 2(h) of the EU Insolvency 
Regulation) outside the Republic of Italy; or  
5.13 
Corporate Formalities 
cease to comply with all necessary corporate formalities. 
6. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments 
In respect of each Transaction, prior to the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice or 
redemption in full of all the Notes of the relevant Series pursuant to the Conditions, the Series 
Available Funds shall be applied on each relevant Payment Date in making the following 
payments in the following order of priority subject to the provisions of Condition 6.3 (Class B Notes 
Series Performance Triggers) below (the "Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments"), in each 
case, only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full: 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses 
(to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Expenses Account have been 
insufficient to pay such Expenses during the immediately preceding relevant Interest Period); 
Second, to pay the remuneration due to the Representative of the Noteholders and to pay any 
indemnity amounts properly due to - and any proper costs and expenses incurred by - the 
Representative of the Noteholders under the provisions of, or in connection with, any of the 
relevant Series Documents; 
Third, to credit into the relevant Expenses Account such an amount as will bring the balance of 
such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount;

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due and payable on account of remuneration, indemnities or proper costs and expenses incurred 
by the relevant agent on such Payment Date to each Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the 
Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the relevant Subscriber(s) (other than IBL 
Banca as Subscriber which will be paid in accordance with item Fifteenth below) and the relevant 
Series Swap Counterparties (if any); 
Fifth, to the extent applicable, to pay (i) all amounts for any payment due to the Series Swap 
Counterparty under the relevant Series Swap Agreement, and (ii) any amount payable by the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of such Series Swap Agreement, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event or Additional 
Termination Event (as defined under the relevant Series Swap Agreement) in respect of which 
the Issuer is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party (as defined under the relevant Series 
Swap Agreement); 
Sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due and payable on the Class A 
Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment Date; 
Seventh, to pay on each Payment Date up to (but excluding) the Payment Date following the 
delivery of a Performance Trigger Notice, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due and 
payable on the Class B Notes of the relevant Series (if any) on such Payment Date; or 
Eighth, until repayment in full of the Rated Notes, to credit into the relevant Liquidity Reserve 
Account the amount necessary to bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) 
the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount; 
Ninth, to pay on each Payment Date, pari passu and pro rata, the Class A Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Class A Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment 
Date; 
Tenth, until repayment in full of the Rated Notes, to credit into the relevant Additional Reserve 
Account the amount necessary to bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) 
the Additional Reserve Target Amount; 
Eleventh, to pay on the Payment Date following the delivery of a Performance Trigger Notice and 
on each Payment Date thereafter, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due and payable 
on the Class B Notes of the relevant Series (if any) on such Payment Date; 
Twelfth, to the extent applicable, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, the Class B Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Class B Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment 
Date; 
Thirteenth, to the extent applicable, to pay all amounts payable to the Series Swap Counterparty 
(if any) under the relevant Series Swap Agreement as a result of the termination of the Series 
Swap Agreement to the extent not paid in accordance with item Fifth above; 
Fourteenth, to pay to the Originator any Adjustment Purchase Price and/or any Supplemental 
Purchase Price pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Transfer Agreement;  
Fifteenth, to pay to the Originator (also in its capacity as Subscriber (if applicable) with respect to 
any indemnity payment payable in accordance with the relevant Series Subscription Agreement) 
any amount due and payable under the relevant Series Documents, to the extent not already paid 
or payable under other items of this Priority of Payments;

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Sixteenth, if the Cash Trapping Condition is satisfied, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts 
of Remuneration due and payable on the Class J Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment 
Date, provided that if the Cash Trapping Condition is not satisfied, such amount shall not be paid 
to the Class J Noteholders of such Series but shall be credited to the relevant Payments Account; 
Seventeenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, to the extent that the Rated Notes have been 
redeemed in full, the Class J Notes Formula Redemption Amount in respect of the Class J Notes 
of the relevant Series on such Payment Date; 
Eighteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Additional Remuneration (if any) on the Class J 
Notes of the relevant Series. The Issuer shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under 
item First above also during the relevant Interest Period. 
6.2 
Post Enforcement Priority of Payments 
In respect of each Transaction, on each Payment Date following the delivery of a Transaction 
Acceleration Notice or in the event under Condition 8.3 (Optional Redemption) and Condition 8.4 
(Redemption for Taxation) (if applicable), the Series Available Funds shall be applied in making 
the following payments in the following order of priority (the "Post Acceleration Priority of 
Payments" and, together with the Pre Acceleration Priority of Payments, the "Priority of 
Payments") , in each case, only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been 
made in full: 
First, if the relevant Programme Purchase Termination Event is not an Insolvency Event to pay, 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses (to the extent 
that amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Expenses Account have been insufficient to 
pay such Expenses during the immediately preceding relevant Interest Period); 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, the 
remuneration due to the Representative of the Noteholders and to pay any indemnity amounts 
properly due under and any proper costs and expenses incurred by the Representative of the 
Noteholders under the provisions of, or in connection with, any of the relevant Series Documents; 
Third, if the relevant Programme Purchase Termination Event is not an Insolvency Event, to credit 
into the relevant Expenses Account such an amount to bring the balance of such account up to 
(but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due and payable on account of remuneration, indemnities or proper costs and expenses incurred 
by the relevant agent on such Payment Date to each Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the 
Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the relevant Subscriber(s) (other than IBL 
Banca as Subscriber which will be paid in accordance with item Thirteenth below) and the relevant 
Series Swap Counterparties (if any); 
Fifth, to the extent applicable, to pay (i) all amounts for any payment due to the Series Swap 
Counterparty under the relevant Series Swap Agreement, and (ii) any amount payable by the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of such Series Swap Agreement, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event or Additional 
Termination Event (as defined under the relevant Series Swap Agreement) in respect of which 
the Issuer is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party (as defined under the relevant Series 
Swap Agreement); 
Sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due and payable on the Class A 
Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment Date;

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts in respect of principal outstanding on the 
Class A Notes of the relevant Series; 
Eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of interest due and payable on the Class B 
Notes of the relevant Series (if any) on such Payment Date; 
Ninth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts in respect of principal outstanding on the Class 
B Notes of the relevant Series (if any); 
Tenth, to the extent applicable, to pay all amounts payable to the Series Swap Counterparty (if 
any) under the relevant Series Swap Agreement as a result of the termination of the Series Swap 
Agreement to the extent not paid in accordance with item Fifth above; 
Eleventh, to pay to the Originator any Adjustment Purchase Price and/or any Supplemental 
Purchase Price pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Transfer Agreement; 
Twelfth, to pay to the Originator (also in its capacity as Subscriber (if applicable) with respect to 
any indemnity payment payable in accordance with the relevant Series Subscription Agreement) 
any amount due and payable under the relevant Series Documents, to the extent not already paid 
or payable under other items of this Priority of Payments; 
Thirteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, all amounts of Remuneration due and payable on the 
Class J Notes of the relevant Series on such Payment Date, provided that if the Cash Trapping 
Condition is not satisfied, such amount shall not be paid to the Class J Noteholders of such Series 
but shall be credited to the relevant Payments Account; 
Fourteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, to the extent that the Rated Notes have been 
redeemed in full, all amounts outstanding in respect of principal due and payable on the Class J 
Notes of the relevant Series; 
Fifteenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Additional Remuneration (if any) on the Class J 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under item First above also during the 
relevant Interest Period. 
6.3 
Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers  
If "Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
of the relevant Series of Notes and the following Class B Notes Series Performance Triggers 
occurs: 
(a) 
the Cumulative Net Default Ratio has exceeded the Cumulative Default Trigger, as 
specified in the latest available Servicer's Report, 
then 
(i) 
the Programme Administrator shall deliver a written notice (a "Performance Trigger 
Notice") to the Issuer, the Originator, the Representative of the Noteholders, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Rating Agencies, stating that a Class B 
Series Performance Trigger has occurred; 
(ii) 
following the delivery of a Performance Trigger Notice with respect to such Series and 
solely for the purpose of applying the relevant Series Available Funds in accordance with 
the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments, from (and including) the immediately following

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Payment Date and on each Payment Date thereafter, item Seventh of the Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments shall not apply and item Eleventh of the Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments shall apply. 
6.4 
Management Fee 
Each Rated Noteholder, by reason of holding the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any), 
acknowledges and agrees that: 
6.4.1 
IBL, in its capacity as Originator, has undertaken in respect of each Transaction, pursuant 
to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Programme Cash 
Allocation Management and Payments Agreement: 
(a) 
in respect of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio transferred by it to 
the Issuer, to credit into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount 
in respect of the Receivables included in such Portfolio; and 
 (c) 
to credit into the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account, on each relevant 
Payment Date, the relevant Management Fee Reserve Increased Amount as 
specified in the relevant Servicer’s Report issued as of the immediately preceding 
relevant Servicer’s Report Date; 
6.4.2 
the Issuer has undertaken to use the amounts credited into the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Account in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement; 
6.4.3 
the repayment to the Originator of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Released 
Amount shall be made by the Issuer on a monthly basis on each Payment Date, in any 
case without applying the relevant Priority of Payments and in all circumstances in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents; and 
6.4.4 
all amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account, on 
the Business Day following the Payment Date on which the Notes of such Series are 
redeemed in full or cancelled, will be paid to the Originator. 
6.5 
Amounts Not Pertaining to the Transaction 
Each Rated Noteholder, by reason of holding the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any), 
acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to the Programme Servicing Agreement, in respect of 
each Transaction, the Amounts Not Pertaining to the Transaction (if any): (i) will be determined 
and notified to the Issuer by the Master Servicer; (ii) will be paid to the Originator (also by way of 
set-off) within 2 Business Days from the notification under (i) above pursuant to the Programme 
Servicing Agreement; and (iii) will be set out in each relevant Servicer’s Report, with respect to 
the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period. 
7. 
INTEREST 
7.1 
Accrual of interest 
Each Rated Note bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series), as 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7 (Interest) and the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest will start to accrue in respect of the Notes from the Issue Date (included) of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series).

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
7.2 
Payment Dates and Interest Periods 
Interest in respect of the Rated Notes will accrue on a daily basis and will be payable in Euro in 
arrears on each relevant Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior 
to such Payment Date, in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. The first Payment 
Date of each Series of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms applicable to such Series in respect 
of the Initial Interest Period. 
7.3 
Termination of interest accrual 
Each Rated Note (or the portion of the Principal Amount Outstanding due for redemption) shall 
cease to bear interest from (and including) the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series) or from (and including) any earlier date 
fixed for redemption unless payment of the principal due and payable but unpaid is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, each Rated Note (or the relevant portion thereof) will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) at the rate from 
time to time applicable to such Rated Note until the day on which either all sums due in respect 
of such Rated Note up to that day are received by the relevant Rated Noteholder or the 
Representative of the Noteholders or the Italian Paying Agent receives all amounts due on behalf 
of all such Rated Noteholders. 
7.4 
Calculation of interest 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period or any other period will be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days elapsed and a 360 day year. 
7.5 
Rate of Interest 
7.5.1 
Fixed Interest Rate 
If the Final Terms applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Notes specify that the 
rate of interest applicable to the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes (if any) for each 
Interest Period, including the Initial Interest Period, shall be a fixed rate per annum (the 
"Fixed Rate of Interest"), the amount of interest payable in respect of each Notes of 
such Class of such Series shall be the relevant Fixed Interest Amount. 
"Fixed Interest Amount" means the fixed rate of interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.5.2 
Floating Interest Rate  
If the Final Terms applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Notes specify that the 
rate of interest applicable to the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes (if any) for each 
Interest Period, including the Initial Interest Period, shall be a floating rate per annum 
(the "Floating Rate of Interest"), the amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Notes of such Class of such Series shall be the relevant Floating Interest Amount. 
"Floating Interest Amount" means EURIBOR plus the Margin, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if the applicable Floating Rate of Interest is lower 
than zero shall be deemed as zero. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate for either one (1), three (3) or 
six (6) Euro deposits as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the Conditions, as it appears on the relevant 
Reuters Screen Page or (aa) such other page as may replace the relevant Reuters 
Screen Page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information or (bb) if that

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
service ceases to display such information, such page as displays such information on 
such equivalent service (or, if more than one, that one which is approved by the 
Representative of the Noteholders) as may replace such Reuters Screen Page at or 
about 11:00 a.m. (Milan time) on the relevant Determination Date (rounded to four 
decimal places with the midpoint rounded upwards) (the "Screen Rate"), provided that: 
(a) 
if the Screen Rate is unavailable at such time for either one (1), three (3) or six 
(6) month Euro deposits as applicable, then the rate for any relevant Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded to four decimal places with the 
mid-point rounded up) of the rates notified to the Representative of the 
Noteholders at its request by each of the Reference Banks as the rate at which 
respectively one, three or six months Euro deposits in a representative amount 
are offered by that Reference Bank to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market at or about 11.00 a.m. (Milan time) on any Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only two of 
the Reference Banks provide such offered quotations to the Calculation Agent 
the relevant rate shall be determined, in the manner specified in item (a) 
above, on the basis of the offered quotations of those Reference Banks 
providing such quotations; or 
(c) 
if, on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only one of 
the Reference Banks provides the Agent Bank with an offered quotation, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate of Interest in 
effect for the immediately preceding Interest Period when one of EURIBOR or 
item (b) above shall have been applied. 
The Principal Paying Agent may, at any time, request the Issuer and the Representative 
of the Noteholders to agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to amend EURIBOR 
(any such amended rate, an "Alternative Base Rate") and make such other related or 
consequential amendments as are necessary or advisable in order to facilitate such 
change (any such change, a "Base Rate Modification") provided that the following 
conditions are satisfied:  
1. 
the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, has provided the 
Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and 
the Noteholders of the relevant Transaction with at least 30 (thirty) calendar days' 
prior written notice of any such proposed Base Rate Modification and has certified 
to the Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty 
and the Noteholders in such notice (such notice being a "Base Rate Modification 
Certificate") that:  
(a) 
such Base Rate Modification is being undertaken due to:  
(i) 
a prolonged and material disruption to EURIBOR, a material change 
in the methodology of calculating EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to 
exist or be published;  
(ii) a public statement by the EURIBOR administrator that it will cease 
publishing EURIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor EURIBOR administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of EURIBOR);

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator 
that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or will be changed in an adverse manner; 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator 
that means EURIBOR may no longer be used or that its use is or will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) the reasonable expectation of the Principal Paying Agent that any of 
the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above will occur or 
exist within 6 (six) months of the proposed effective date of such Base 
Rate Modification; and 
(b) 
such Alternative Base Rate is: 
(i) 
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the 
European Central Bank, any regulatory authority in Italy or the EU or 
any stock exchange on which the Rated Notes are listed (or any 
relevant committee or other body established, sponsored or approved 
by any of the foregoing);  
(ii) the Euro Over Night Index Average (or any rate which is derived from, 
based upon or otherwise similar to the foregoing); or 
(iii) a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues 
of Euro denominated asset backed floating rate notes prior to the 
effective date of such Base Rate Modification;  
2. 
the Rating Agencies of the relevant Series have been notified of such proposed 
Base Rate Modification and, based on such notification, the Principal Paying 
Agent is not aware that the then current ratings of the Rated Notes of such Series 
would be adversely affected by such Base Rate Modification; and  
3. 
the Originator pays all fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by 
the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders or any other party to the 
Transaction Documents in connection with such Base Rate Modification.  
Notwithstanding the above, no Base Rate Modification will become effective if within 30 
(thirty) calendar days of the delivery of the Base Rate Modification Certificate, (i) any of 
the relevant Series Swap Counterparty does not consent to Base Rate Modification, or 
(ii) Noteholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Class A Notes of the relevant Series have notified the Issuer in writing (or 
otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable clearing system 
through which the Class A Notes are held) that they do not consent to the Base Rate 
Modification (a "Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event"). Objections made in writing 
other than through the applicable clearing system must be accompanied by evidence to 
the Representative of the Noteholders' satisfaction (having regard to prevailing market 
practices) of the relevant Noteholder's title to the Class A Notes of such Series. If a 
Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event occurs, the Base Rate Modification will not 
become effective unless a resolution of the holders of the Class A Notes of the relevant 
Series is passed in favour of the Base Rate Modification in accordance with the Rules 
of the Organisation of the Noteholders. The Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the 
Issuer, will notify the Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap 
Counterparties and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the 
date when the Base Rate Modification takes effect.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
7.6 
Calculation of Interest Payment Amounts 
The Issuer shall on each Determination Date, in respect of each Series of Notes, determine or 
cause the Principal Paying Agent to determine the Euro amount (the "Interest Payment Amount") 
payable as interest on each Class A Note and Class B Note (if any) on the next following Payment 
Date for the Interest Period starting after such Determination Date, calculated by applying the 
relevant Fixed Rate of Interest or Floating Rate of Interest (each a "Rate of Interest") to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class A Note or Class B Note on the Payment Date at the 
commencement of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the Initial Interest Period, the Issue Date 
of the relevant Series) (after deducting therefrom any payment of principal due and paid on that 
Payment Date), multiplying the product of such calculation by the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period and dividing by 360, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest cent (half a 
cent being rounded up). 
7.7 
Notification of Interest Payment Amount and Payment Date 
As soon as practicable (and in any event not later than the close of business on the relevant 
Determination Date), the Issuer will cause: 
7.7.1 
the Interest Payment Amount for the Class A Notes and the Class B Note (if any) for the 
related Interest Period; and 
7.7.2 
the Payment Date in respect of each such Interest Payment Amount, 
to be notified by the Principal Paying Agent to the Calculation Agent, the Back-up Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the 
Back-Up Servicer and the Corporate Servicer and will cause the same to be published in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on or as soon as possible after the relevant Determination 
Date. 
7.8 
Amendments to publications 
The Interest Payment Amount for the Class A Notes and the Class B Note (if any) and the 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of any extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
7.9 
Determination by the Representative of the Noteholders 
If the Issuer does not at any time for any reason calculate or cause the Principal Paying Agent to 
calculate the Interest Payment Amount for the Class A Notes and the Class B Note (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 7.6 (Calculation of Interest Payment Amounts), the Representative of 
the Noteholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Noteholders shall determine 
(or cause to be determined) the Interest Payment Amount for the Class A Notes in the manner 
specified in Condition 7.6 (Calculation of Interest Payment Amounts). Any such determination 
shall be deemed to have been made by the Issuer.  
7.10 
Notifications to be final 
Save as provided for under Condition 7.8 (Amendments to publication) above, each notification, 
calculation and quotation given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
7 (Interest), whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or the Representative of the 
Noteholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on all 
persons. 
7.11 
Unpaid interest with respect to the Rated Notes

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Unpaid interest on the Rated Notes shall accrue no interest. 
7.12 
Reference Banks and Italian Paying Agent 
The Issuer shall ensure that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, there shall at all 
times be three reference banks (the "Reference Banks") and the Italian Paying Agent. The 
Reference Banks shall be three major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the 
Issuer with the prior written approval of the Representative of the Noteholders (which shall act on 
the basis of the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders).  
8. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION 
8.1 
Final redemption - Cancellation 
Unless previously redeemed in full or cancelled as provided in this Condition 8 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation), the Issuer shall redeem the Rated Notes at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding, plus any accrued but unpaid interest, on the applicable Final Maturity Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Issuer may not redeem the Rated Notes in whole or in part prior to the relevant Final Maturity 
Date except as provided below in Conditions 8.2 (Mandatory redemption), 8.3 (Optional 
redemption) and 8.4 (Optional redemption in whole for taxation reasons), but without prejudice to 
Condition 12 (Transaction Acceleration Events and Programme Purchase Termination Events) 
and Condition 13 (Enforcement). 
The Notes of any Series will be cancelled on the earlier of (the "Cancellation Date"):  
(a) 
the date on which the Notes of such Series have been redeemed in full; or 
(b) 
the date on which the Representative of the Noteholders has certified to the Issuer 
that all the Collections due in respect of all the Receivables comprised in the relevant 
Portfolio have been received or recovered and that all judicial enforcement procedures in 
respect of such Portfolio have been exhausted; or 
(c) 
the date on which all the Receivables comprised in the relevant Portfolio have 
been sold and the relevant proceeds have been received and applied in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments. 
On the Cancellation Date any amount outstanding, whether in respect of interest or principal in 
respect of the Notes of such Series, shall be finally and definitively cancelled. Upon cancellation, 
the Notes may not be resold or re-issued. 
8.2 
Mandatory redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in accordance with Condition 8.3 (Optional Redemption) or 
Condition 8.4 (Optional Redemption in whole for taxation reasons), the Notes of any Series will 
be subject to mandatory redemption in full (or in part pro rata) on each Payment Date, in 
accordance with this Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation), if and to the extent 
that, on such dates, there are sufficient Series Available Funds which may be applied towards 
redemption of the Notes of the relevant Series, in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments.  
In respect of each Series of Notes, on the applicable first Payment Date and on each Payment 
Date thereafter, the Issuer will cause each Class A Note and Class B Note (if any) to be redeemed 
on such Payment Date in an amount equal to the Principal Payment Amount in respect of such 
Class A Note or Class B Note (as the case may be) determined on the related Calculation Date.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
8.3 
Optional redemption 
Provided that no Transaction Acceleration Notice has been served on the Issuer, on any relevant 
Payment Date falling on or after the relevant Clean Up Option Date, the Issuer may redeem the 
Rated Notes (in whole but not in part) and the Junior Notes (in whole but not in part) at their 
Principal Amount Outstanding (plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon), in accordance with 
the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments, subject to the following: 
8.3.1 
the Issuer has given not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days' notice to the 
Representative of the Noteholders and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) of its intention to redeem the Notes of each Class of the relevant Series 
which are to be redeemed; and 
8.3.2 
prior to giving such notice, the Issuer has provided to the Representative of the 
Noteholders a certificate signed by an authorised representative of the Issuer on its behalf 
confirming that the Issuer will on the relevant Payment Date have the funds (free and 
clear of any Security Interest of any third party) required to discharge all of its outstanding 
liabilities in respect of (a) all such Rated Notes in accordance with this Condition, (b) any 
amount required to be paid under the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments in priority to 
or pari passu with such Rated Notes, (c) all such Junior Notes, and (d) any amount 
required to be paid under the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments in priority to or pari 
passu with such Junior Notes. 
8.4 
Optional redemption in whole for taxation reasons 
Provided that no Transaction Acceleration Notice has been served on the Issuer, the Issuer may 
redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes of each Class at their Principal Amount Outstanding, 
together with accrued and unpaid interest (and, for the Class J Notes, the Variable Return) up to 
and including the relevant Payment Date, on any relevant Payment Date: 
8.4.1 
after the date on which the Issuer is required to make any payment in respect of the Notes 
and the Issuer or any other person would be required to make 
(a) 
a Tax Deduction; and/or 
(b) 
any withholding or deduction pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations 
or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof ("FATCA 
Withholding Tax"), 
in respect of such payment (other than in respect of a Decree 239 Deduction); or 
8.4.2 
after the date of a change in the Tax law of Italy (or the application or official interpretation 
of such law) which would cause the total amount payable in respect of the Portfolio to 
cease to be receivable by the Issuer, including as a result of any of the Debtors being 
obliged to make a Tax Deduction in respect of any payment in relation to any Receivables, 
subject to the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer has given not more than 60 days' and not less than 30 days' notice to 
the Representative of the Noteholders and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of its intention to redeem in whole (but not in part) of the 
Notes of each Class; and

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(b) 
prior to giving such notice, the Issuer has provided to the Representative of the 
Noteholders: 
(i) 
a certificate signed by an authorised representative of the Issuer on its 
behalf to the effect that the obligation to make a Tax Deduction or to apply 
the FATCA Withholding Tax or the imposition resulting in the total amount 
payable in respect of the Portfolio ceasing to be receivable by the Issuer 
cannot be avoided by taking measures reasonably available to the Issuer 
and not prejudicial to its interests as a whole; and 
(ii) 
a certificate signed by an authorised representative of the Issuer on its 
behalf confirming that the Issuer will, on the relevant Payment Date, have 
the funds (free and clear of any Security Interest of any third party) 
required to redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes of the relevant 
Series pursuant to this Rated Notes Condition, the Junior Notes 
Conditions and the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and required to 
discharge all of its outstanding liabilities in respect of any amount to be 
paid under the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments in priority to or pari 
passu with the Notes of such Series. 
8.5 
Conclusiveness of certificates and legal opinions 
Any certificate or opinion given by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Optional 
redemption) or Condition 8.4 (Optional redemption in whole for taxation reasons) may be relied 
upon by the Representative of the Noteholders without further investigation and shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors. 
8.6 
Calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding 
With reference to each Transaction, on each relevant Calculation Date, the Issuer shall calculate 
or cause the Calculation Agent to calculate: 
8.6.1 
the amount of the Series Available Funds for such Transaction; 
8.6.2 
the Principal Payment Amount, if any, in respect of each Class of Notes of the relevant 
Series due on the next following Payment Date; and 
8.6.3 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class of Notes of the relevant Series on the 
next following Payment Date (after deducting any principal payment due to be made on 
that Payment Date in relation to such Class of Note), 
in accordance with these Conditions. 
The principal payment amount for each Class of Notes (including the Rated Notes), as the 
principal redeemable amount in respect of each Class of Notes, is an amount equal to the relevant 
Notes Formula Redemption Amount (for each relevant Class of Notes), as set forth in Condition 
2.1 (Definitions) (the "Principal Payment Amount"). 
Upon receipt of the information referred to in Condition 8.6.1(b) and (c) above, the Italian Paying 
Agent shall forthwith notify Monte Titoli. 
8.7 
Calculation in case of default by the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
If the Issuer does not at any time for any reason calculate (or cause the Calculation Agent to 
calculate) the relevant Series Available Funds, the Principal Payment Amount in respect of each 
Class of Notes of the relevant Series or the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class of Notes

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
of such Series in accordance with this Rated Notes Condition, such calculations shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each such calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Issuer. 
8.8 
Notice of calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding 
The Issuer will cause each calculation of the Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount 
Outstanding in relation to each Class of Notes of the relevant Series to be notified immediately 
after calculation (through the Payments Report or the Post Enforcement Payments Report) to the 
Corporate Servicer, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the 
Back-up Servicer, the Back-up Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent and will cause notice of 
each calculation of a Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding in relation to 
each Class of Notes of each relevant Series to be given in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
not later than two Business Days prior to each Payment Date. 
8.9 
Notice Irrevocable 
Any such notice as is referred to in Condition 8.3 (Optional redemption), Condition 8.4 (Optional 
redemption in whole for taxation reasons) and Condition 8.8 (Notice of calculation of Principal 
Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding) above shall be made pursuant to Condition 
16 (Notices) and be irrevocable and, upon the expiry of any notice pursuant to Condition 8.3 
(Optional redemption) or Condition 8.4 (Optional redemption in whole for taxation reasons), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Rated Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with this 
Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation). 
8.10 
No purchase by Issuer 
The Issuer is not permitted to purchase any of the Notes at any time. 
9. 
NON PETITION AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
9.1 
Noteholders not entitled to proceed directly against Issuer 
Only the Representative of the Noteholders may pursue the remedies available under the general 
law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment and performance of the Obligations 
or enforce the Security and no Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
to obtain payment and performance of the Obligations or to enforce the Security, save as provided 
for in the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders. In particular, no Noteholder (nor any 
person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Noteholders, where appropriate): 
9.1.1 
is entitled, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct the 
Representative of the Noteholders to enforce the Security or take any proceedings 
against the Issuer to enforce the Security; 
9.1.2 
shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, have the right to take 
or join any person in taking any steps against the Issuer for the purpose of obtaining 
payment of any amount due from the Issuer to it; 
9.1.3 
shall be entitled, until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all 
the Notes have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with their terms and 
conditions, to cause, initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation 
to the Issuer; and 
9.1.4 
shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal proceeding or 
other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of Payments not being complied 
with.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
9.2 
Limited recourse obligations of Issuer 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Programme Documents and the relevant Series 
Documents, all obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders of any Series are limited in recourse 
as set out below: 
9.2.1 
each Noteholder will have a claim only in respect of the relevant Series Available Funds 
and at all times only in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and will not 
have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, against, or recourse to, (a) the Issuer's 
other assets or its contributed capital, and (b) the Portfolio purchased under any other 
Transaction and the Series Available Funds of such other Transactions; 
9.2.2 
sums payable to each Noteholder in respect of the Issuer's obligations to such Noteholder 
shall be limited to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of all sums due and payable to 
such Noteholder and (b) the relevant Series Available Funds, net of any sums which are 
payable by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments in priority to 
or pari passu with such sums payable to such Noteholder; and 
9.2.3 
if the Servicer has certified to the Programme Administrator and the Representative of 
the Noteholders that there is no reasonable likelihood of there being any further 
realisations in respect of the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated Assets or the Security 
(whether arising from judicial enforcement proceedings, enforcement of the Security or 
otherwise) which would be available to pay unpaid amounts outstanding under the 
relevant Series Documents (and the Programme Documents in respect of the relevant 
Transaction) or the Notes of such Series and the Representative of the Noteholders has 
given notice on the basis of such certificate in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
that there is no reasonable likelihood of there being any further realisations in respect of 
the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated Assets or the Security (whether arising from 
judicial enforcement proceedings, enforcement of the Security or otherwise) which would 
be available to pay amounts outstanding under the relevant Series Documents (and the 
Programme Documents in respect of the relevant Transaction), the Noteholders shall 
have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any such unpaid amounts and such 
unpaid amounts shall be cancelled and discharged in full. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
10.1 
Payments through Monte Titoli 
Payment of principal, interest and Variable Return in respect of the Notes will be credited, 
according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Italian Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer to 
the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders in whose accounts with Monte Titoli the Notes 
are held and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, all in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be. 
10.2 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in each case to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect 
of such payments. 
10.3 
Payments on Business Days 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment in consequence of any delay after

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
the due date in receiving any amount due as a result of the due date not being a business day in 
the place of payment to such Noteholder. 
10.4 
Change of Paying Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Italian Paying Agent and/or 
Principal Paying Agent in respect of all Transactions under the Programme provided that (for as 
long as the Rated Notes of the relevant Series are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) the Issuer will at all times maintain a 
paying agent with a Specified Office in Luxembourg. The Issuer will cause at least 10 (ten) days' 
prior notice of any change in or addition to the paying agent or their Specified Offices to be given 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
11. 
TAXATION 
11.1 
Payments free from Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear and without withholding or 
deduction (other than a Decree 239 Deduction, where applicable) for any Taxes imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by applicable law unless the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Noteholders, any Paying Agent or any other person is required by law to make a deduction or 
withholding from any payment which it makes under the Notes and the Transaction Documents 
for or on account of any present or future taxes if and to the extent so required by any applicable 
law (each, a "Tax Deduction"). In that event the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders or 
the Paying Agent or other person (as the case may be) shall make such payments after such Tax 
Deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so withheld 
or deducted. 
11.2 
No payment of additional amounts 
None of the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, any Paying Agent nor any other person 
will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Rated Noteholders as a result of any such 
Tax Deduction. 
11.3 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11.4 
Tax Deduction not Transaction Acceleration Event 
Notwithstanding that the Representative of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any 
other person are required to make a Tax Deduction this shall not constitute a Transaction 
Acceleration Event. 
12. 
TRANSACTION ACCELERATION EVENTS AND PROGRAMME PURCHASE TERMINATION 
EVENTS 
12.1 
Transaction Acceleration Events 
In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the occurrence of any of the 
following events shall constitute a Transaction Acceleration Event:

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
12.1.1 Non-payment of principal 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of principal on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date, as due and payable on the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then 
outstanding, and such default is not remedied within a period of five Business Days from 
the due date thereof; 
12.1.2 Non-payment of interest 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the amount of interest on a Payment Date, as due 
and payable on the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then outstanding, and such 
default is not remedied within a period of five Business Days from the due date thereof; 
or 
12.1.3 Programme Purchase Termination Event: Insolvency of the Issuer and Unlawfulness 
A Programme Purchase Termination Event under Condition 12.5.1 (Insolvency of the 
Issuer) or 12.5.2 (Unlawfulness) has occurred and the Representative of the Noteholders 
and/or the Programme Administrator has delivered a Programme Purchase Termination 
Notice. 
12.2 
Delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice 
Upon the occurrence of any Transaction Acceleration Event, subject to Condition 13 
(Enforcement), the Representative of the Noteholders shall deliver a written notice (a 
"Transaction Acceleration Notice"), without undue delay, to the Issuer and to the Noteholders 
in compliance with Condition 16. 
12.3 
Conditions to delivery of Transaction Acceleration Notice 
Notwithstanding Condition 12.2 (Delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice) the 
Representative of the Noteholders shall not be obliged to deliver a Transaction Acceleration 
Notice unless it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities 
to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
12.4 
Consequences of delivery of Transaction Acceleration Notice 
Upon the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, all payments of principal, interest, 
Variable Return and other amounts in respect of the Notes of each Class of the relevant Series 
shall become immediately due and payable without further action or formality at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding, together with any accrued interest and shall be payable in accordance with 
the order of priority set out in Condition 6.2 (Post Enforcement Priority of Payments) and on such 
dates as the Representative of the Noteholders shall determine as being Payment Dates. 
The occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event in relation to the Notes of one or more Series 
(other than the Transaction Acceleration Event under Condition 12.1.3 (Programme Purchase 
Termination Event) above) shall not constitute per se the occurrence of a Transaction 
Acceleration Event in relation to the Notes of all Series then outstanding under the Programme. 
12.5 
Programme Purchase Termination Event 
In respect of the Programme, the occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a 
Programme Purchase Termination Event: 
12.5.1 Insolvency of the Issuer 
An Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
12.5.2 Unlawfulness 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
12.5.3 Insolvency of the Originator 
(A) 
30 days have elapsed since an application is made for the commencement of an 
amministrazione straordinaria or liquidazione coatta amministrativa or a resolution tool 
(misura di risoluzione) pursuant to article 20 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 
2015 or any other applicable bankruptcy proceedings against the Originator in any 
jurisdiction and such application has not been rejected by the relevant court nor has it been 
withdrawn by the relevant applicant (unless a legal opinion or other adequate comfort is 
obtained by the Originator and is delivered to the Representative of the Noteholders 
confirming that such application is manifestly without grounds), provided that during the 
period comprised between the date of such application and thirty days thereafter, the 
Originator shall not be entitled to send any Offer to the Issuer for the transfer of a Portfolio 
under the Programme pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement; or 
(B) 
the Originator becomes subject to any amministrazione straordinaria, liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa or a resolution tool (misura di risoluzione) pursuant to article 20 of 
Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 or any other applicable bankruptcy 
proceedings in any jurisdiction or the whole or any substantial part of the assets of the 
Originator are subject to a pignoramento or similar procedure having a similar effect. 
12.5.4 Winding-up of the Originator 
An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of the Originator. 
12.5.5 Termination of IBL Banca's appointment as Servicer 
The Issuer has terminated the appointment of IBL Banca as Servicer following the 
occurrence of a Servicer's Termination Event set forth in Clause 4 of the Programme 
Servicing Agreement, except for the Servicer Termination Event set forth in clause 4.1.5 
of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
12.6 
Delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination Notice 
Upon the occurrence of any Programme Purchase Termination Event, the Representative of the 
Noteholders and/or the Programme Administrator shall deliver a written notice (a "Programme 
Purchase Termination Notice"), without undue delay, to the Issuer, the Originator, the 
Representative of the Noteholders (if the notice has been sent by the Programme Administrator), 
the Rating Agencies and to the Noteholders in compliance with Condition 16. 
12.7 
Conditions to delivery of Programme Purchase Termination Notice 
Notwithstanding Condition 12.6 (Delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination Notice) the 
Representative of the Noteholders shall not be obliged to deliver a Programme Purchase 
Termination Notice unless it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
12.8 
Consequences of delivery of Programme Purchase Termination Notice 
Upon the delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination Notice, the Issuer shall refrain from 
purchasing any additional Portfolio and from making any further issue of Series of Notes under

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
the Programme. 
13. 
ENFORCEMENT 
13.1 
Proceedings 
At any time after a Transaction Acceleration Notice has been delivered, the Representative of the 
Noteholders may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings as it thinks fit to enforce repayment of the Notes of the relevant Series and payment 
of accrued interest thereon but it shall not be bound to do so unless directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes of such Series then outstanding and 
only if it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing.  
13.2 
Directions to the Representative of the Noteholders 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall not be bound to take any action described in 
Condition 13.1 (Proceedings) and may take such action without having regard to the effect of 
such action on any individual Noteholder or on any Other Issuer Creditor, provided that the 
Representative of the Noteholders shall not, and shall not be bound to, act at the request or 
direction of the Noteholders of any Class of the relevant Series other than the Most Senior Class 
of Notes of such Series then outstanding unless: 
13.2.1. to do so would not, in its sole opinion, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders of the Classes of Notes ranking senior to such Class; or 
13.2.2. (if the Representative of the Noteholders is not of that opinion) such action is sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of each Class ranking senior to such 
Class. 
13.3 
Sale of Portfolio 
Following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice the Representative of the Noteholders 
shall direct the Issuer to sell the Portfolio under the relevant Transaction or a substantial part 
thereof only if so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding and strictly in accordance with the 
instructions approved thereby. 
14. 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
14.1 
The Organisation of the Noteholders 
The Organisation of the Noteholders shall be established upon and by virtue of the issue of the 
Notes of each Series under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment 
in full or cancellation of the Notes of such Series. The provisions relating to the Organisation of 
the Noteholders and the Representative of the Noteholders are contained in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Noteholders. 
14.2 
Appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders, for as long as any Note of each 
Series is outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Noteholders. The 
appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders, as legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Noteholders, is made by the Noteholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Noteholders, except for the initial Representative of the Noteholders 
appointed, in respect of each Series issued under the Programme, on the Issue Date of such

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Series), which is appointed by each 
Subscriber under the relevant Series Subscription Agreement. Each holder of the Notes of any 
Series is deemed to accept such appointment.  
14.3 
 
Veto rights of the Series Swap Counterparty  In the event that a Series Swap Agreement is 
entered into in respect of a Transaction with a Series Swap Counterparty, certain veto rights may 
be provided in favour of such Swap Counterparty in the relevant Series Intercreditor Agreement. 
In such circumstance, in the event that there is a conflict between the interests of such Series 
Swap Counterparty and the interests of the Noteholders of the relevant Series, the Representative 
of the Noteholders shall follow the instructions of the Series Swap Counterparty exercising the 
relevant veto rights. 
15. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payments in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and shall 
become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of 
interest) from the date on which a payment in respect thereof first becomes due and payable. 
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notices given through Monte Titoli 
Any notice regarding the Rated Notes, as long as the Rated Notes are held through Monte Titoli, 
shall be deemed to have been duly given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
16.2 
Notices in Luxembourg 
As long as the Rated Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, any notice to Rated Noteholders shall also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the first date on which publication is made in the manner referred to above. It 
remains understood that any notice send in accordance with this Condition will be sent also for 
the purpose of Transparency Directive 2004/109/CEE. 
16.3 
Other method of giving Notice 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall be at liberty to sanction some other method of giving 
notice to the Noteholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to 
market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the stock exchange on which the Rated Notes 
are then listed and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Noteholders in such 
manner as the Representative of the Noteholders shall require. 
17. 
NOTIFICATIONS TO BE FINAL 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of these Conditions, whether by the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Programme 
Administrator or the Representative of the Noteholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
gross negligence or manifest error) be binding on the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Programme 
Administrator and all Noteholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Noteholders shall attach to the Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or the Representative of the Noteholders in

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them or any of them of their powers, duties and 
discretions hereunder. 
18. 
TRANSFERS OF THE RECEIVABLES BY THE ISSUER TO SUBSEQUENT SPVs 
Pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, in respect of each Transaction, 
the Issuer – with the prior consent of all the Noteholders of the relevant Series issued under such 
Transaction – is entitled to transfer to a Subsequent SPV, in whole or in part, the Portfolio of the 
Receivables purchased from the Originator under such Transaction pursuant to the relevant 
Transfer Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the terms of the receivables purchase agreement to be entered into for such 
purpose with such Subsequent SPV (the "Subsequent SPV Receivables Purchase 
Agreement"). 
In particular, on each date of valuation of the portfolio of Receivables to be transferred to a 
Subsequent SPV, the Issuer, with the cooperation of the Master Servicer and the Servicer, will 
select a portfolio of Receivables to be offered for the transfer to such Subsequent SPV and the 
Issuer will receive a purchase price for the transfer of such portfolios in accordance with the terms 
and conditions set out in the Subsequent SPV Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
The Issuer will transfer to the relevant Subsequent SPV, together with each portfolio of 
Receivables, the relevant available amount of the Management Fee (if any) relating to each 
Receivable included in such portfolio – as calculated by the Servicer and communicated by it to 
the Transaction Bank – standing to the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account 
on the date of valuation of such Receivable. 
The purchase price received from the relevant Subsequent SPV will form part of the relevant 
Series Available Funds and will be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law of Notes 
The Rated Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law. 
19.2 
Governing Law of Transaction Documents 
All the Transaction Documents and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by Italian law, other than any Series Swap Agreement and/or any Series 
Deed of Charge (if entered into in connection with the relevant Transaction) which will be 
governed by English law. 
19.3 
Jurisdiction of courts 
Any dispute arising from the interpretation and execution of these Conditions or from the legal 
relationships established by the Notes and these Conditions will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Courts of Rome.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
EXHIBIT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RATED NOTES 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Noteholders will be created concurrently with the issue of and 
subscription of the Notes of each Class of any relevant Series issued by Marzio Finance S.r.l. 
under the Programme and is governed by the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders set 
out herein (the "Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall be applicable in respect of each Series of Notes issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme from time to time and shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or 
cancellation of all the Notes of such relevant Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of each Note issued by the 
Issuer in the context of the Programme. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
2.1.1 
In these Rules, the terms set out below have the following meanings: 
"Basic Terms Modification" means, alternatively the Transaction Basic Terms 
Modification and the Programme Basic Terms Modification. 
"Blocked Notes" means Notes which have been blocked in an account with a clearing 
system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder for the purpose of obtaining a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting 
in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required. 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes are held to the order of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder or under its control or have been blocked in an account 
with a clearing system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and  
(ii) 
the surrender (as notified by the Monte Titoli Account Holder to the 
Paying Agent) not less than 48 Hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption) of the confirmation that the Notes are Blocked Notes and 
notification of the release thereof by the Paying Agent to the Issuer and 
Representative of the Noteholders;  
(b) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked Notes or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has notified the Paying Agent (also through the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder) that the votes attributable to such Notes are to be cast in a 
particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the 
period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may 
not be amended or revoked;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(c) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Notes, distinguishing between 
those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and against, 
each resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
"Chairman" means, in relation to a Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in 
accordance with Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting) of the Rules. 
"Class J Notes Conditions" or "Junior Notes Conditions" means the terms and 
conditions of the Class J Notes as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions herein contained and including any other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto and any reference to a particular numbered Class J Notes Condition 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Condition" means, as applicable, a condition of the Rated Notes Conditions or of the 
Junior Notes Conditions. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means, alternatively, the Transaction Extraordinary 
Resolution and the Programme Extraordinary Resolution. 
"Holder" in respect of a Note means the ultimate owner of such Note. 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders of any Class or Classes in respect of each 
Series whether originally convened or resumed following an adjournment. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A.. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with articles 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Laws Consolidation 
Act. 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered between the Issuer 
and Monte Titoli. 
"Most Senior Class of Notes" means the Class A Notes while they remain outstanding, 
thereafter the Class B Notes (if any) while they remain outstanding, thereafter the Class 
J Notes. 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in the Rules by a majority of the vote 
cast. 
“Programme Basic Terms Modification” means, in respect of the Programme any 
proposal to: 
(e) 
change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass any 
Ordinary Resolution or Programme Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
alter the priority of payments affecting the payment of interest, Variable Return 
and/or the repayment of principal in respect of the Notes of all Series 
outstanding under the Programme; or 
(g) 
resolve on the matter set out in Rated Notes Condition 9.1 (Noteholders not 
entitled to proceed directly against Issuer) and Junior Notes Condition 9.1 
(Noteholders not entitled to proceed directly against Issuer);

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(h) 
a change to this definition. 
"Programme Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at the separate 
Meetings of the Noteholders of all the Transactions outstanding as at the time of the 
relevant Resolution, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained 
in these Rules, each by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast (in such 
Meeting). 
"Programme Purchase Termination Event" means any of the events described in 
Condition 12.5 (Programme Purchase Termination Events) of the Rated Notes Condition 
or Condition 12.5 (Programme Purchase Termination Events) of the Junior Notes 
Conditions. 
"Programme Purchase Termination Notice" means a notice described as such in 
Condition 12.6 (Delivery of Programme Purchase Termination Notice) of the Rated Notes 
Condition or Condition 12.2 (Delivery of Programme Purchase Termination Notice) of the 
Junior Notes Conditions. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to which the powers to vote at a Meeting have been 
duly granted under a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, in each case, other 
than: 
(i) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Paying Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 
48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(j) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of 
a quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is 
resumed. 
"Rated Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Rated Notes, as from 
time to time modified in accordance with the provisions herein contained and including 
any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto and any 
reference to a particular numbered Rated Notes Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Rated Notes accordingly. 
"Resolution" means an Ordinary Resolution and/or a Transaction Extraordinary 
Resolution and/or a Programme Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may be. 
"Specified Office" means (i) with respect to each of the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Italian Paying Agent (a) the office specified against its name in clause 21.3 (Addresses) 
of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; or (b) such 
other office as any such Paying Agent may specify in accordance with clause 17.10 
(Change in Specified Offices) of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement and (ii) with respect to any additional or other paying agent appointed 
pursuant to Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and the provisions of 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the specified 
office notified to the Noteholders upon notification of the appointment of each such paying 
agent in accordance with Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and in 
each such case, such other address as it may specify in accordance with the provisions 
of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
"Transaction Basic Terms Modification" means, in respect of a Transaction and a 
Series of Notes issued in connection with a Transaction, any proposal to: 
(k) 
change the date of maturity of the Notes;

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(l) 
change any date fixed for the payment of principal, interest or Variable Return in 
respect of the Notes of any Class; 
(m) 
reduce or cancel the amount of principal, interest or Variable Return payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes of any Class (other than any reduction or 
cancellation permitted under the Conditions) or alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes of any Class on redemption 
or maturity; 
(n) 
change the currency in which payments are due in respect of any Class of 
Notes; 
(o) 
effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes of any Class for, or 
the conversion of such Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be 
formed; 
(p) 
sell, in whole or in part, the Portfolio of the Receivables purchased from the 
Originator to a Subsequent SPV pursuant to Condition 18 (Transfers Of The 
Receivables By The Issuer To Subsequent SPVs); or 
(q) 
a change to this definition. 
"Transaction Acceleration Event" means any of the events described in Condition 12.1 
(Transaction Acceleration Events) of the Rated Notes Condition or Condition 12.1 
(Transaction Acceleration Events) of the Junior Notes Conditions. 
"Transaction Acceleration Notice" means a notice described as such in Condition 12.2 
(Delivery of Transaction Acceleration Notice) of the Rated Notes Condition or Condition 
12.2 (Delivery of Transaction Acceleration Notice) of the Junior Notes Conditions. 
"Transaction Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly 
convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a 
majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast. 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting 
Certificate, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy named in a Block Voting 
Instruction. 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(r) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018, as 
amended from time to time; or 
(s) 
a certificate issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder stating that: 
(i) 
Blocked Notes will not be released until the earlier of:  
(1) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; 
and 
(2) 
the surrender of such certificate (as notified to the Paying Agent); 
and

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such 
Meeting in respect of such Blocked Notes. 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all 
Noteholders of the relevant Class or Classes of the relevant Series who at any relevant 
time are entitled to participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these 
Rules, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are 
open for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the 
place where the Paying Agent has its Specified Office. 
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in the Rules shall have the meanings and the constructions ascribed to 
them in the Rated Notes Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
2.2.1 
Any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules. 
2.2.2 
A "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or 
successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such 
party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and 
obligations have been transferred. 
2.2.3 
Any reference to any person defined as a "Transaction Party" in these Rules or in any 
Transaction Document or the Conditions shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Noteholder is a member of the Organisation of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Noteholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of 
the Noteholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the 
interest of the Noteholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
Issue 
4.1.1 
A Noteholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its 
Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on on 13 August 2018 and published in 
the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018 (as supplemented by the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 11 February 2015), as amended and 
supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
4.1.2 
A Noteholder may also obtain and require the Italian Paying Agent to arrange for the 
issuance of a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Notes to be held to the order of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or under its control or blocked in an account in 
a clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the relevant Meeting. 
4.2 
Expiry of validity 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes 
to which it relates. 
4.3 
Deemed holder 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the party named therein as 
Holder or Proxy, in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder, the 
bearer thereof, in the case of a Voting Certificate, and any Proxy named therein in the case of a 
Block Voting Instruction shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Notes to which it refers for all 
purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction relates. 
4.4 
Mutually exclusive 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Note. 
4.5 
References to the blocking or release 
Reference to the blocking or release of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any relevant clearing system. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATES 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be 
valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the Italian Paying Agent, or at any other place 
approved by the Representative of the Noteholders, at least 24 hours before the time of the 
relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such 
deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds 
to discuss the items on the agenda. If the Representative of the Noteholders so requires, 
satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each 
Holder or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be 
produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Noteholders shall not be obliged to 
investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or the identity of any 
Proxy named in a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction or the identity of any Holder named 
in a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder. 
6. 
CONVENING THE MEETING IN RESPECT OF THE TRANSACTION OR THE PROGRAMME 
6.1 
Convening the Meeting 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Representative of the Noteholders or the Issuer may 
convene separate or combined Meetings of the Noteholders of any Class or Classes of such 
Series at any time and the Representative of the Noteholders shall be obliged to do so upon the 
request in writing by the Noteholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Class or Classes of such Series. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Whenever the Issuer requests the Representative of the Noteholders to convene a Meeting, it 
shall immediately give notice in writing to that effect to the Representative of the Noteholders 
specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, as well as if it is referred to a 
Transaction or the Programme, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of the Meeting 
(a) 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Meetings may be held where there are Voters located at different places connected via 
audio-conference or video-conference, provided that:  
(i) the Chairman may ascertain and verify the identity and legitimacy of those Voters, 
monitor the Meeting, acknowledge and announce to those Voters the outcome of the 
voting process;  
(ii) the person drawing up the minutes may hear well the meeting events being the subject-
matter of the minutes;  
(iii) each Voter attending via audio-conference or video-conference may follow and 
intervene in the discussions and vote the items on the agenda in real time;  
(iv) the notice of the Meeting expressly states, where applicable, how Voters may obtain the 
information necessary to attend the relevant Meeting via audio-conference and/or video-
conference equipment; and  
(v) for the avoidance of doubt, the Meeting is deemed to take place where the Chairman 
and the person drawing up the minutes are located. 
6.4 
Meeting in respect of a Programme Extraordinary Resolution  
It remains understood that if the Noteholders of all Series issued and still outstanding under the 
Programme as of such date have to resolve in respect of a Programme Extraordinary Resolution, 
the Meetings in respect of each Transaction shall be convened separately from each other. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of meeting 
At least 21 calendar days' notice (exclusive of the day on which notice is delivered and of the day 
on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day (falling no later than 30 days after 
the date of delivery of such notice), time and place (being in the European Union) of the Meeting, 
as well as if it is referred to a Transaction or the Programme, must be given to the relevant 
Noteholders, the Principal Paying Agent and the Italian Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer, 
where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Noteholders, or with a copy to the 
Representative of the Noteholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.  
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Noteholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificate for the purpose of 
such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
supplemented from time to time and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or 
appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Notes must be held to the order of or placed 
under the control of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or blocked in an account with a 
clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not complied 
with if the Holders of the Notes constituting the Principal Amount Outstanding of all outstanding 
Notes, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are represented at such Meeting and 
the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders are present at the Meeting. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of the Chairman 
The Meeting is chaired by an individual (who may, but need not be, a Noteholder), appointed by 
the Representative of the Noteholders. If: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Noteholders fails to make such appointment; or  
8.1.2 
the individual so appointed declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting,  
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be 
the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of the Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates 
the debate, and defines the terms for voting.  
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to 
assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to 
be Noteholders.  
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1 
Quorum 
The quorum (quorum costitutivo) at any Meeting convened to vote on: 
9.1.1 
an Ordinary Resolution relating to a Meeting of a particular Class or Classes in respect of 
each Transaction will be two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes then outstanding in that Class or those 
Classes or, at any adjourned Meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders of that Class or those Classes whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Notes then outstanding so held or represented in such Class or Classes; 
9.1.2 
an Extraordinary Resolution, other than in respect of a Basic Terms Modification, relating 
to a Meeting of a particular Class or Classes of Notes in respect of each Transaction 
(whether resolving on a Transaction Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Extraordinary Resolution), will be two or more persons holding or representing at least 50

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes then outstanding in that Class 
or those Classes, or at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders of that Class or those Classes whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Notes then outstanding so held or represented in such Class or Classes; 
9.1.3 
an Extraordinary Resolution, in respect of a Basic Terms Modification (which must be 
proposed separately to each Class of Noteholders under each Transaction (whether 
resolving on a Transaction Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Extraordinary 
Resolution), save as provided in Article 24 (Joint Meetings) below), will be two or more 
persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Class, or at an adjourned Meeting, two or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders of that Class whatever the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes so held or represented in such Class; 
provided that if in respect of any Class of Notes the Italian Paying Agent has received evidence 
that all the Notes of that Class are held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificates and/or Block 
Voting Instructions so confirm then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder 
of the Notes thereby represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a 
quorum. 
9.2 
Passing of a Resolution 
A Resolution shall be deemed validly passed if voted by the following majorities: 
(a) 
in respect of an Ordinary Resolution, a majority of the votes cast; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Extraordinary Resolution, a majority of not less than three quarters of the 
votes cast. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR LACK OF QUORUM 
If a quorum is not reached within 30 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting: 
10.1 
if such Meeting was requested by Noteholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; or 
10.2 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Noteholders otherwise agree) shall, subject to paragraphs 10.3 and 10.4 below, be 
adjourned to a new date no earlier than 14 calendar days and no later than 42 calendar 
days after the original date of such Meeting, and to such place and time as the 
Chairman determines with the approval of the Representative of the Noteholders, 
provided however that: 
(a) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of quorum; and 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Noteholders together so decide. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for lack of quorum), the Chairman may, with the 
prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to 
another time and place, provided that – for the avoidance of doubt - such provision is applicable 
in respect of each separate Meeting which has been convened for resolving on a Programme 
Extraordinary Resolution. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned Meeting except 
business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took 
place.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is resumed after adjournment for lack of 
quorum except that:  
12.1.1 
10- calendar days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of 
the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
It shall not be necessary to give notice to resume any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than 
those described in Article 10 (Adjournment for lack of quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders; 
13.4 
financial and/or legal advisers to the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders;  
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders; and 
13.6 
any other person authorised by the Issuer or by the Representative of the Noteholders 
or by virtue of a resolution of the relevant Meeting. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by show 
of hands.  
14.2 
If, before the vote by show of hands, the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the 
Chairman or one or more Voters who represent or hold at least one-tenth of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes request to vote by poll, the question shall be voted 
on in compliance with the provisions of Article 15 (Voting by Poll) below. No request to vote by 
poll shall hinder the continuation of the Meeting in relation to the other items on the agenda. 
14.3 
A resolution is only passed on a vote by show of hands if the Meeting has been validly 
constituted and the relevant resolution is unanimously approved by all the Voters at the 
Meeting. The Chairman’s declaration that on show of hands a resolution has been passed or 
rejected shall be conclusive. Whenever it is not possible to approve a resolution by show of 
hands, voting shall be carried out by poll. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Representative of 
the Noteholders or one or more Voters representing or holding not less than one-fiftieth of the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Notes entitled to vote at the Meeting. A poll may 
be taken immediately or after any adjournment as decided by the Chairman but any poll 
demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken 
immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting 
for any other business. 
15.2 
Conditions of a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for voting by poll, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null. After voting ends, the votes 
shall be counted and after the counting the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome 
of the vote.  
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll, one vote for each €1,000 of Principal Amount Outstanding of each Note 
represented or held by the Voter. 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate borne by a Proxy state 
otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or 
to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16.4 
Votes cast 
The Noteholders can cast their votes "in favour of" or "against" any proposed Resolution. 
The Noteholders that do not intend to cast their votes and abstain from voting shall not be included 
in the computation of the votes cast. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy appointed in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any other 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none 
of the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders or the Chairman, has been notified in writing 
of such revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment of Meeting 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting shall remain valid also in 
relation to a resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment, unless such Meeting was 
adjourned for lack of quorum pursuant to Article 10. If a Meeting is adjourned pursuant to Article

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
10, any person appointed to vote in such Meeting must be re-appointed by virtue of a Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate in order to vote at the resumed Meeting.  
18. 
ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution 
Save as provided for by Article 19 (Extraordinary Resolutions) below, a Meeting shall have power 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to:  
18.1.1 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of the Rules, the 
Rated Notes Conditions or the Junior Notes Conditions, is required to be the subject of 
an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a 
Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
to authorise the Representative of the Noteholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution.  
18.2 
Ordinary Resolution of a single Class 
No Ordinary Resolution of any Class of Noteholders shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by 
an Ordinary Resolution of the Holders of each of the other Classes of Notes ranking with or senior 
to such Class (to the extent that there are Notes outstanding ranking with or senior to such Class), 
unless the Representative of the Noteholders considers that none of the Holders of each of the 
other Classes of Notes ranking pari passu with or senior to such Class would be materially 
prejudiced by the absence of such sanction.  
19. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Matters subject of Transaction Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Rated Notes Conditions or the Junior 
Notes Conditions, shall have power exercisable by Transaction Extraordinary Resolution to: 
19.1.1 
approve any Transaction Basic Terms Modification; 
19.1.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of the provisions of these 
Rules, the Rated Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions or of any Series 
Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes, relating exclusively to a single Transaction and/or a single Series 
of Notes, which, in any such case, is not a Programme Basic Terms Modification and 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
19.1.3 
in accordance with Article 28 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and 
remove the Representative of the Noteholders with respect of a single Transaction;  
19.1.4 
authorise the Representative of the Noteholders to issue a Transaction Acceleration 
Notice as a result of a Transaction Acceleration Event pursuant to Condition 12 
(Transaction Acceleration Events and Programme Purchase Termination Events) of the 
Rated Notes Conditions or Condition 12 (Transaction Acceleration Events and 
Programme Purchase Termination Events) of the Junior Notes Conditions;  
19.1.5 
discharge or exonerate, including retrospectively, the Representative of the Noteholders 
from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the 
Noteholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Rated 
Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions or any Series Document, in any case in

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
respect of a single Transaction; 
19.1.6 
grant any authorisation or approval, which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Rated Notes Conditions or the Junior Notes Conditions, must be granted by a 
Transaction Extraordinary Resolution; 
19.1.7 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Noteholders in compliance 
with these Rules, the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and any other Series 
Document, in any case in respect of a single Transaction; 
19.1.8 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer or (if relevant) any 
other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Notes or 
any other Series Document or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute a 
Transaction Acceleration Event under the relevant Series of Notes; 
19.1.9 
appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
confer on any such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by the Transaction Extraordinary Resolution; 
19.1.10 
authorise the Representative of the Noteholders (subject to its being indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction) and/or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Transaction Extraordinary Resolution. 
19.2 
Matters subject of Programme Extraordinary Resolutions 
The Meetings, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Rated Notes Conditions or the Junior 
Notes Conditions, shall have power exercisable by Programme Extraordinary Resolution to: 
19.2.1 
approve any Programme Basic Terms Modification; 
19.2.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of the provisions of these 
Rules, the Rated Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions or of any Programme 
Documents or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes which, in any such case, is not a Transaction Basic Terms 
Modification or a Programme Basic Terms Modification and which shall be proposed by 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders and/or any other party thereto; 
19.2.3 
in accordance with the relevant Programme Documents, appoint and remove any Agent, 
the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Corporate Servicer and the 
Programme Administrator;  
19.2.4 
authorise the Representative of the Noteholders to issue a Programme Purchase 
Termination Notice as a result of a Programme Purchase Termination Event pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Transaction Acceleration Events and Programme Purchase Termination 
Events) of the Rated Notes Conditions or Condition 12 (Transaction Acceleration Events 
and Programme Purchase Termination Events) of the Junior Notes Conditions;  
19.2.5 
discharge or exonerate, including retrospectively, the Representative of the Noteholders 
from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the 
Noteholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Rated 
Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions or any Programme Document, in any case 
in respect of the Programme; 
19.2.6 
grant any authorisation or approval, which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Rated Notes Conditions or the Junior Notes Conditions, must be granted by a Programme 
Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
19.2.7 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Noteholders in compliance 
with these Rules, the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme 
Document, in any case in respect of the Programme; 
19.2.8 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer or (if relevant) any other 
Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Notes or any 
other Programme Document or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute a 
Programme Purchase Termination Event; 
19.2.9 
appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
confer on any such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by the Programme Extraordinary Resolution; 
19.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Noteholders (subject to its being indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction) and/or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Programme Extraordinary Resolution. 
19.2 
Transaction Basic Terms Modification 
No Transaction Extraordinary Resolution involving a Transaction Basic Terms Modification that 
is passed by the Holders of one Class of Notes shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by a 
Transaction Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of each of the other Classes of Notes then 
outstanding under the relevant Transaction. 
19.3 
Transaction Extraordinary Resolution of a single Class 
No Transaction Extraordinary Resolution to approve any matter other than a Transaction Basic 
Terms Modification of any Class of Noteholders shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by a 
Transaction Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of each of the other Classes of Notes ranking 
senior to such Class (to the extent that there are Notes outstanding ranking senior to such Class) 
under the relevant Transaction, unless the Representative of the Noteholders considers that none 
of the Holders of each of the other Classes of Notes ranking senior to with such Class would be 
materially prejudiced by the absence of such sanction and, for the purposes of this Article 19.4 
(Transaction Extraordinary Resolution of a single Class), Class A Notes rank senior to the Class 
B Notes (if any) and Class B Notes rank senior to the Class J Notes. 
19.4 
Programme Extraordinary Resolution involving or not a Programme Basic Terms 
Modification 
No Programme Extraordinary Resolution (whether or not resolving on a Programme Basic Terms 
Modification) that is passed by the Holders of the Notes of a Series shall be effective unless it is 
sanctioned by a Programme Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the Notes of all Series 
then outstanding under the Programme. 
20. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
20.1 
Binding Nature 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Ordinary Resolution of a single Class), Article 19.3 (Transaction Basic 
Terms Modification), Article 19.4 (Transaction Extraordinary Resolution of a single Class) and 
Article 19.5 (Programme Extraordinary Resolution involving or not a Programme Basic Terms 
Modification) which take priority over the following, any resolution passed at a Meeting of the 
Noteholders of one or more Classes of Notes duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Rules shall be binding upon all Noteholders of such Class or Classes, whether or not present at 
such Meeting and whether or not voting and any resolution passed at a Meeting of the Class A 
Noteholders duly convened and held as aforesaid shall also be binding upon all the Class B

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Noteholders (if any) and the Class J Noteholders, and all of the relevant Classes of Noteholders 
shall be bound to give effect to any such resolutions accordingly and the passing of any such 
resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify the passing thereof. 
20.2 
Notice of Voting Results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a Resolution duly considered by Noteholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Italian Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer and the Representative of 
the Noteholders within 14 calendar days of the conclusion of each Meeting).  
21. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Noteholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed 
in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
22. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting. The Minutes shall be 
signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been 
signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at such Meeting shall be regarded as having been 
duly passed and transacted. The Minutes shall be recorded in the minute book of Meetings of 
Noteholders maintained by the Issuer (or the Corporate Servicer on behalf of the Issuer). 
23. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of 
matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
24. 
JOINT MEETINGS 
Subject to the provisions of the Rules, the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes 
Conditions, joint Meetings of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders (if any) and the 
Class J Notehodlers may be held to consider the same Ordinary Resolution or Transaction 
Extraordinary Resolution and the provisions of the Rules shall apply mutatis mutandis thereto. 
25. 
SEPARATE AND COMBINED MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
25.1 
Notwithstanding the provisions of articles 19.1 (Matters subject of Transaction Extraordinary 
Resolutions), 19.3 (Transaction Basic Terms Modification) and 24 (Joint Meetings), the following 
provisions shall apply in respect of Meetings where outstanding Notes belong to more than one 
Class: 
(a) 
business which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, affects only 
one Class of Notes shall be transacted at a separate Meeting of the Noteholders of such 
Class; 
(b) 
business which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, affects more 
than one Class of Notes but does not give rise to an actual or potential conflict of interest 
between the Noteholders of one Class of Notes and the Noteholders of any other Class of 
Notes shall be transacted either at separate Meetings of the Noteholders of each such 
Class of Notes or at a single Meeting of the Noteholders of all such Classes of Notes as 
the Representative of the Noteholders shall determine in its absolute discretion; and

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(c) 
business which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, affects the 
Noteholders of more than one Class of Notes and gives rise to an actual or potential conflict 
of interest between the Noteholders of one such Class of Notes and the Noteholders of any 
other Class of Notes shall be transacted at separate Meetings of the Noteholders of each 
such Class. 
26. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
26.1 
Each Noteholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 9 (Non petition and 
Limited Recourse) of the Rated Notes Conditions or, as the case may be, Condition 9 (Non 
petition and Limited Recourse) of the Junior Notes Conditions and, accordingly, if any Noteholder 
is considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her 
rights under the Notes, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing an 
Ordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds that it is 
not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Noteholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Notes and/or the Transaction 
Documents will notify the Representative of the Noteholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Noteholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with 
these Rules at the costs of such Noteholder; 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Ordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the individual 
action or remedy, the Noteholder will be prevented from taking such action or remedy 
(without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may 
be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Noteholders does not object to an individual action or remedy, the 
Noteholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
26.2 
No Noteholder will be allowed to take any individual action or remedy to enforce his/her rights 
under the Notes or the Transaction Documents unless a Meeting of the holders of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes has been held to resolve on such action or remedy in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 26 (Individual Actions and Remedies).  
26.3 
No Noteholder shall be permitted to take any individual action or remedy to enforce his/her rights 
under the Notes or the Transaction Documents in the event that such action or remedy would 
cause or result in a breach of Condition 9 (Non petition and Limited Recourse) of the Rated Notes 
Conditions or, as the case may be, Condition 9 (Non petition and Limited Recourse) of the Junior 
Notes Conditions. 
26.4 
Save as provided in this Article 26 (Individual actions and remedies), only the Representative of 
the Noteholders may pursue the remedies available under the general law or the Transaction 
Documents to obtain payment of obligations or to enforce the Security and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer to obtain or enforce such remedies. 
27. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Noteholders 
may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding 
of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as 
the Representative of the Noteholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
28. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
28.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders takes place by the Transaction 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Noteholders of the relevant Series in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 28 (Appointment, Removal And Remuneration), 
except for the appointment of the first Representative of the Noteholders in respect of any Series 
issued under the Programme which is Banca Finint . 
28.2 
Requirements for the Representative of the Noteholders 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall be: 
28.2.1 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union, or a bank incorporated in 
any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
28.2.2 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act; or 
28.2.3 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of 
the Noteholders pursuant to the law.  
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in article 
2399 of the Italian civil code (other than Banca Finint  as the first Representative of the 
Noteholders in respect of all Series of Notes) cannot be appointed as Representative of the 
Noteholders, and if appointed as such they shall be automatically removed. 
28.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Noteholders is removed by the Transaction Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders pursuant to Article 19 (Extraordinary Resolutions) above or resigns 
pursuant to Article 29 (Resignation of the Representative of the Noteholders) below, it shall 
remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Notes of the relevant Series.  
28.4 
Office after termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative of the Noteholders shall remain in office until a substitute 
Representative of the Noteholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 28.2 
(Requirements of the Representative of the Noteholders), accepts its appointment and enters into 
the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the former 
Representative of the Noteholders was party, and the powers and authority of the Representative 
of the Noteholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its 
appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions 
required in connection with the Notes. 
28.5 
Remuneration 
In respect of each Transaction, the Issuer shall pay to the Representative of the Noteholders for 
its services in such capacity an annual fee starting from the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
issued under such Transaction, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and 
subscription for the Notes of such Series or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from 
day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments up to (and 
including) the date when the Notes of such Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
29. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Noteholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar 
months' written notice to the Issuer, without needing to provide any specific reason for the 
resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. 
The resignation of the Representative of the Noteholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Noteholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 28.1. 
(Appointment) and such new Representative of the Noteholders has accepted its appointment 
and has entered into the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the other Programme Documents 
and the relevant Series Documents to which the former Representative of the Noteholders was 
party, provided that if Noteholders fail to select a new Representative of the Noteholders within 
three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Noteholders, 
the Representative of the Noteholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity 
pursuant to Article 28.2. (Requirements of the Representative of the Noteholders).  
30. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
30.1 
Legal representative of the Organisation of the Noteholders 
The Representative of the Noteholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Noteholders of each Series and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Noteholders. 
30.2 
Meetings and implementation of Resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, in respect of each Transaction, the relevant 
Representative of the Noteholders (if more than one Representative of the Noteholders is 
appointed under the Programme) is responsible for implementing all Resolutions of the 
Noteholders in respect of such Transaction. The Representative of the Noteholders has the right 
to convene and attend Meetings under each Transaction to propose any course of action which 
it considers from time to time necessary or desirable.  
In the event that a Programme Extraordinary Resolution is passed in accordance with the 
provisions of these Rules, the Representatives of the Noteholders (if more than one 
Representative of the Noteholders is appointed under the Programme) will be jointly liable for the 
implementation of such Resolution. 
30.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Noteholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
30.3.1 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Noteholders; 
30.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Noteholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as 
aforesaid.  
Any delegation pursuant to Article 30.3.2 may be made upon such conditions and subject to such 
regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Noteholders may think 
fit in the interest of the Noteholders. The Representative of the Noteholders shall not be bound to 
supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or 
to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or 
default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Noteholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the 
Noteholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer of the appointment 
of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer of the appointment of any sub-delegate 
as soon as reasonably practicable. 
30.4 
Judicial Proceedings 
The Representative of the Noteholders is authorised to initiate and to represent the Organisation 
of the Noteholders in any judicial proceedings including Insolvency Proceedings.  
30.5 
Consents given by Representative of Noteholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Noteholders under these Rules and 
any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if 
any) as the Representative of the Noteholders deems appropriate and notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained in these Rules or in the Transaction Documents such consent or 
approval may be given retrospectively. 
30.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Noteholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested 
in the Representative of the Noteholders by these Rules or by operation of law and the 
Representative of the Noteholders shall not be responsible for any loss, costs, damages, 
expenses or other liabilities that may result from the exercise or non-exercise thereof except 
insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
misconduct (dolo). 
30.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Noteholders is entitled 
to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Noteholders has the right (but not 
the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Noteholders' instructions 
as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Noteholders 
shall be entitled to request that the Noteholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as 
specified in Article 31.2 (Specific limitations). 
30.8 
Transaction Acceleration Events and Programme Purchase Termination Events 
The Representative of the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes issued under a Transaction 
may certify whether or not a Transaction Acceleration Event and/or a Programme Purchase 
Termination Event is in its sole opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of 
any Series then outstanding under the Programme and any such certificate shall be conclusive 
and binding upon the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Other Issuer Creditors and any other party to 
the Transaction Documents, provided that – in respect of a Programme Purchase Termination 
Event - if more than one Representative of the Noteholders is appointed under the Programme, 
such certificate will be issued jointly by all Representatives of the Noteholders. 
30.9 
Remedy 
In respect of each Transaction, the relevant Representative of the Noteholders may determine 
whether or not a default in the performance by the Issuer of any obligation under the provisions 
of the Rules, the Notes of any Series or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and 
if the Representative of the Noteholders certifies that any such default is, in its sole opinion, not

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Other Issuer Creditors and any other Transaction Party. 
31. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
31.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
31.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of Article 31.1 (Limited Obligations), the Representative of the 
Noteholders: 
31.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether a Transaction 
Acceleration Event or a Programme Purchase Termination Event or any other event, 
condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become 
exercisable by the Representative of the Noteholders hereunder or under any other 
Transaction Document, has occurred and until the Representative of the Noteholders 
has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that 
no Transaction Acceleration Event or Programme Purchase Termination Event or such 
other event, condition or act has occurred; 
31.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or any other parties of their obligations contained in these 
Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Noteholders shall 
be entitled to assume that the Issuer and each other party to the Transaction Documents 
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
31.2.3 
except as otherwise required under these Rules and/or the Transaction Documents, shall 
not be under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance 
of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document;  
31.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby 
or pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it 
shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect 
of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(a) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be 
delivered or obtained at any time in connection with the Notes or the relevant 
Portfolio;  
(c) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith;  
(d) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authority in connection with the purchase or administration of the Portfolio; and

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
(e) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Master 
Servicer, the Servicer and each Paying Agent or any other person in respect of 
any Portfolio; 
31.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the 
issue of the Notes or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled 
thereto; 
31.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining the listing of the Notes and/or 
any rating of the Notes by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
31.2.7 
shall not be responsible for or for investigating any matter which is the subject of any 
recital, statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Noteholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or 
any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, 
validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
31.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any 
Transaction Document; 
31.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or 
failure in the right or title of the Issuer in relation to the Portfolio or any part thereof, 
whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Noteholders or 
might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being 
remedied or not; 
31.2.10 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the relevant 
Portfolio or any part thereof;  
31.2.11 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the relevant 
Portfolio provided by any person; 
31.2.12 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the relevant Portfolio or any part thereof; 
31.2.13 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Notes, any Portfolio or any 
Transaction Document; 
31.2.14 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the relevant Portfolio or any part thereof; 
31.2.15 
shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent jurisdiction) 
be under any obligation to disclose to any Noteholder, any Other Issuer Creditor or any 
other person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other information made 
available to the Representative of the Noteholders by the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with these Rules, the Notes or any other Transaction Document, and none of 
the Noteholders, Other Issuer Creditors nor any other person shall be entitled to take any 
action to obtain from the Representative of the Noteholders any such information. 
31.3 
Specific Permissions 
31.3.1 
When in the Rules or any Transaction Document the Representative of the Noteholders 
is required in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions 
to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders, the Representative of the Noteholders 
shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not be obliged 
to have regarded to the consequences of such exercise for any individual Noteholder

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
resulting from his or its being for any purpose domiciled, resident in or otherwise 
connected with or subject to the jurisdiction of any particular territory or taxing authority. 
31.3.2 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall, as regards the exercise and performance 
of the powers, authorities, duties and discretions vested in it by the Transaction 
Documents, except where expressly provided otherwise herein or therein and without 
prejudice to Rated Notes Condition 14.3 (Veto rights of the Series Swap Counterparty) 
and Junior Notes Condition 14.3 (Veto rights of the Series Swap Counterparty), have 
regard to the interests of both the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors but if, in 
the sole opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, there is a conflict between 
their interests the Representative of the Noteholders will have regard solely to the interest 
of the Noteholders.  
31.3.3 
Where the Representative of the Noteholders is required to consider the interests of the 
Noteholders and, in its sole opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of the 
Holders of different Classes of Notes, the Representative of the Noteholders will consider 
only the interests of the Holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes. 
31.3.4 
The Representative of the Noteholders may refrain from taking any action or exercising 
any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction 
Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein 
contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any 
and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought or made 
against it and against all costs, charges, damages, expenses and liabilities which may 
be suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in the Rules or any 
of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the Noteholders 
to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance 
of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has 
grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or 
security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.  
31.4 
Notes held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Noteholders may assume without enquiry that no Notes are, at any 
given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
31.5 
Illegality 
No provision of the Rules shall require the Representative of the Noteholders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. 
The Representative of the Noteholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, 
in its sole opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any 
agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for 
any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liability which it may 
incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of the Noteholders may do anything 
which, in its sole opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as 
aforesaid. 
32. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
32.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Noteholders may act on the advice of, a certificate or opinion of or any 
written information obtained from any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency 
or other expert whether obtained by the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
otherwise and shall not, in the absence of gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful misconduct 
(dolo) on the part of the Representative of the Noteholders, be responsible for any loss incurred 
by so acting. 
32.2 
Transmission of Advice 
Any opinion, advice, certificate or information referred to in Article 32.1 (Advice) may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Noteholders 
shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so 
conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
32.3 
Certificates of Issuer 
The Representative of the Noteholders may call for, and shall be at liberty to accept as sufficient 
evidence: 
32.3.1 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's knowledge, a certificate duly signed 
by an authorised representative of the Issuer on its behalf; 
32.3.2 
that such is the case, a certificate of an authorised representative of the Issuer on its 
behalf to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient; and 
32.3.3 
as sufficient evidence that such is the case, a certificate signed by an authorised 
representative of the Issuer on its behalf to the effect that the Issuer has sufficient funds 
to make an optional redemption under the Conditions. 
and the Representative of the Noteholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such 
certificate unless any of its officers responsible for the administration of the Securitisation shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
32.4 
Resolution or direction of Noteholders 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof 
minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Noteholders, 
even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the 
Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any 
reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting 
or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Noteholders. 
32.5 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Noteholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Notes, may fully 
rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from 
time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
32.6 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and 
accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the Noteholders 
considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
any particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, 
shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Notes. 
32.7 
Rating Agencies 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising 
any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the Most 
Senior Class of Noteholders if any of the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the then current 
rating of the Rated Notes would not be adversely affected by such exercise or if the Rating 
Agencies have confirmed that they do not have any objection and/or any comment in respect of 
any such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is agreed and acknowledged by the 
Representative of the Noteholders and notified to the Noteholders that a credit rating is an 
assessment of credit and does not address other matters that may be of relevance to the 
Noteholders, and it is expressly agreed and acknowledged that such confirmation does not 
impose on or extend to the Rating Agencies any actual or contingent liability to the Representative 
of the Noteholders, the Noteholders or any other third party or create legal relations between the 
Rating Agencies and the Representative of the Noteholders, the Noteholders or any other third 
party by way of contract or otherwise. If the Representative of the Noteholders, in order to exercise 
properly its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating 
Agencies as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Notes or any Class 
thereof, the Representative of the Noteholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such 
views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the Noteholders or the Representative of 
the Noteholders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
32.8 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer to call 
for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer) to the Intercreditor 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
32.8.1 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided 
for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
32.8.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or  
32.8.3 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Noteholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in 
respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any 
loss, liability, cost, damage, expense, or charge incurred as a result of having failed to do so 
unless any of its officers responsible for the administration of the Securitisation shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
32.9 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
Auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate.  
33. 
MODIFICATIONS 
33.1 
Modification 
The Representative of the Noteholders may from time to time and without the consent or sanction 
of the Noteholders concur with the Issuer and any other relevant parties in making:

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
33.1.1 
any modification to these Rules, the Notes or to any of the Transaction Documents in 
relation to which its consent is required if, in the sole opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders, such modification is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical 
nature, is made to comply with mandatory provisions of law or is made to correct a 
manifest error; 
33.1.2 
any modification to these Rules or any of the Transaction Documents (other than in 
respect of a Basic Terms Modification or any provision of these Rules or any of the 
Transaction Documents referred to in the definition of Basic Terms Modification) in 
relation to which its consent is required which, in the sole opinion the Representative of 
the Noteholders, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of the Most 
Senior Class of Notes of each Series then outstanding ; and 
33.2 
Binding Notice 
Any such modification referred to in this Article 33 (Modifications) shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and, unless the Representative of the Noteholders otherwise agrees, the Issuer shall 
procure that such modification be notified to the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors as 
soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with provisions of the Conditions relating to notices 
of Noteholders and the relevant Transaction Documents. 
33.3 
Modifications requested by the Noteholders 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and any other 
party in making any modifications if it directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Most 
Senior Class of Noteholders or, in the case of any modification which constitutes Basic Terms 
Modification, of the holders of each Class of the Notes of each Series but only if it is indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable 
or which it may incur by so doing. 
34. 
WAIVER 
34.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Noteholders may at any time and from time to time in its sole direction, 
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, from 
time to time and at any time, but only if and in so far as in its sole opinion the interests of the 
Holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced 
thereby: 
34.3.1 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may 
decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained 
in the Notes or any of the Transaction Documents; or 
34.3.2 
determine that any Transaction Acceleration Event or Programme Purchase 
Termination Event shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Transaction 
Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Noteholders. 
34.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 34.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall be 
binding on the Noteholders. 
34.3 
Restriction on powers

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this 
Article 34 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding or of a request or direction in 
writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding but so that no such direction or 
request: 
34.3.1 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
34.3.2 
shall authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Basic Terms 
Modification unless each Class of Notes has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so 
authorised its exercise.  
34.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Noteholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Noteholders and the Other Issuer 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with the 
provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the relevant Transaction Documents. 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Series Deed of Pledge and the Series Deed of Charge 
The Representative of the Noteholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to the relevant Series Deed of Pledge and the relevant 
Series Deed of Charge (if any). The beneficiaries of the relevant Series Deed of Pledge and the 
relevant Series Deed of Charge (if any) are referred to in this Article 35 (Security Documents) as 
the "Secured Noteholders". 
35.2 
Rights of Representative of the Noteholders 
35.2.1 
The Representative of the Noteholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Noteholders, 
shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Issuer to collect, in the Secured Noteholders' 
interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the pledged claims and rights, 
and shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the Issuer, to the respective debtors 
of the pledged claims and/or the charged assets to make the payments related to such 
claims to the relevant Payments Account or to any other account opened in the name of 
the Issuer and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 
The Secured Noteholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any 
amount deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to the Series 
Issuer’s Accounts or to any other account opened in the name of the Issuer and 
appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance with the provisions of this Article 
35 (Security Documents). The Representative of the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or 
application of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the relevant 
Series Deed of Pledge and the relevant Series Deed of Charge (if any) except in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 (Security Documents) and the 
Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
36. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and each Series Subscription Agreement, 
the Issuer shall covenant and undertake to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) 
upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Noteholders and

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
without any obligation to first make demand upon the Noteholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, 
charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands properly incurred by or 
made against the Representative of the Noteholders or any entity to which the Representative of 
the Noteholders has delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or 
purported exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties 
under and otherwise in relation to the Rules and the relevant Series Documents, including but not 
limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and 
other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Noteholders in connection with any action 
and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Noteholders 
pursuant to the relevant Series Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any 
obligation under the Rules, the Notes or the Transaction Documents. 
37. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Noteholders shall 
not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the 
Transaction Documents, the Notes or these Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF A TRANSACTION 
ACCELERATION NOTICE 
38. 
POWERS 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, or prior to the 
service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the Issuer to exercise any 
right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement, the Representative of the 
Noteholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Noteholders, shall 
be entitled (also in the interests of the Other Issuer Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 
of the Italian civil code, to exercise certain rights in relation to all the relevant Issuer’s Series 
Segregated Assets. Therefore, the Representative of the Noteholders, in its capacity as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Noteholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms 
of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer and as mandatario 
in rem propriam of the Issuer, any and all of the Issuer's Rights under certain Series Documents, 
including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Series 
Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
39. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
40. 
JURISDICTION 
Any dispute arising from the interpretation and execution of these Rules or from the legal 
relationships established by these Rules will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Courts of Rome.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms 
but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, supplemented or 
superseded the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
"distributor") 
should 
take 
into 
consideration 
the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Marzio Finance S.r.l. 
(incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156009FC13322D4B035 
 
Issue of 
€ [ 
] Series [ 
] Class A limited recourse asset-backed notes due [ ] 
[€ [ 
] Series [ 
] Class B limited recourse asset-backed notes due [ ]] 
under the € [●] Asset-Backed Notes Programme 
(together the "Notes") 
 
The date of these Final Terms is [      ] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which 
[together] constitutes a base prospectus for purposes of the Regulation 2017/1129/UE (as amended, 
supplemented or superseded from time to time, the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes of this Series described herein for the purposes of article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes of this Series described herein 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented].  
Copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] may be obtained without 
charge from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www. bourse.lu) and, during usual office 
hours on any weekday from the registered office of the Issuer, the registered office of the Representative 
of the Noteholders and the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents (as set forth in Condition 18 (Notices)).

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under article 16 of the Prospectus Directive.] 
PART A – GENERAL 
 
 
Series Number: 
[      ] 
 
 
Nominal Amount of the Notes: 
 
 
 
aggregate 
of 
the 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes as at the Issue 
Date 
[      ] 
 
 
tranching 
and 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes as at the Issue 
Date: 
 
 
 
Class A Notes 
€ [    ] 
 
 
Class B Notes 
[Not Applicable] [€ [    ]]  
 
 
Issue Price: 
 
 
 
Class A Notes 
[   ] 
 
 
Class B Notes 
[Not Applicable][   ] 
 
 
Specified Denomination of the Notes (€ 
100,000 or such higher denomination as 
may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
 
 
 
 
Class A Notes 
[    ] and integral multiples of [     ] 
 
 
Class B Notes 
[Not Applicable][[    ] and integral multiples 
of [     ]] 
 
 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
 
 
Final Maturity Date: 
[     ] 
 
 
Interest basis: 
 
 
 
Class A Notes 
[[    ] per cent.] [EURIBOR [1 (one) month 
as 
displayed 
in 
Reuters 
Screen 
EURIBOR01] [3 (three) months as 
displayed 
in 
Reuters 
Screen 
EURIBOR03] [6 (six) months as displayed 
in Reuters Screen EURIBOR06] + Class 
A Margin]

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
 
Class B Notes 
[Not Applicable][[    ] per cent.] [[EURIBOR 
[1 (one) month] [3 (three) months] [6 (six) 
months] + Class B Margin] 
 
 
Date of the resolution of the Issuer by 
virtue of which the issuance of the Notes 
of this Series has been approved: 
[    ] 
 
 
Class B Notes Series Performance 
Triggers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
1. 
Fixed Rate of Interest 
(applicable to Class A Notes and Class B 
Notes only): 
[Applicable][Applicable to Class A Notes 
only][Applicable to Class B Notes only] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Fixed Interest Amount: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum payable 
monthly in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Payment Date: 
[           ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Payment Dates: 
[   ] in each year up to and including the 
Final Maturity Date 
 
 
(iv) 
Day count fraction: 
[           ] 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[           ] in each year 
 
 
2. 
Floating Rate of Interest 
(applicable to Class A Notes and Class B 
Notes only) 
[Applicable][Applicable to Class A Notes 
only][Applicable to Class B Notes only] 
[Not applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Periods: 
[[      ] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in point (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in point (iv) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Payment Date: 
[           ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Payment Dates 
[   ] in each year up to and including the 
Final Maturity Date 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[   ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[           ] 
 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Payment Amount(s): 
 
 
[           ] 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[           ] 
 
 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[           ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen page: 
[           ] 
 
 
(viii) Margins: 
 
 
 
Class A Margin: 
+ [     ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Class B Margin: 
+ [     ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ix) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/ short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
linear interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
DETAILS OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The details of the Portfolio relating to this Series as at the relevant Valuation Date are described in 
schedule 1 attached hereto. 
POOL AUDIT REPORT 
Pursuant to article 22, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on 
STS Criteria, the Pool Audit Report has been prepared in respect of the Portfolio prior to the Issue 
Date and no significant adverse findings have been found.   
 
OTHER INFORMATION: ESTIMATED WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE 
 
CPR 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
Class A 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Class J 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
 
The actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables are likely to differ from the assumptions 
used in constructing the table above, which is hypothetical in nature and is provided only to give a general 
sense of how the principal cash-flows might behave. Any difference between such assumptions and the 
actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables will cause the estimated weighted average life 
of the Series of Notes to differ (which difference could be material) from the corresponding information in 
the table above.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:………………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Rated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [[].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Listing on the Official List: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
2. 
Class A Notes: 
[      ] and [     ].  
 
 
3. 
Class B Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [[     ] and [     ]]

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.]/[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency] 
is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs] / [[Insert credit rating agency] 
is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) ("CRA Regulation") [(or 
is endorsed and published or distributed by 
subscription by such a credit rating agency in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
 
YIELD                                             (applicable to Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
(i) 
Indication of Yield: 
[      ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
4. 
 
BENCHMARKS 
[Not Applicable] [Amounts payable under the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which 
is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR 
apply, such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
(Not applicable for Fixed Rate Notes)

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
5. 
 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES 
AND THE RELEVANT UNDERLYING 
 
 
Series Swap Counterparty/ies: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank] [Société 
Générale S.A.] [UniCredit Bank AG] [,  
Banco Santander S.A.] [JP Morgan AG] 
 
 
Collateral Account Bank 
[Not applicable][    ] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[      ] 
 
 
Transfer Date: 
[      ] 
 
 
Portfolio Purchase Price: 
€ [      ] 
 
 
Level of collateralisation: 
[     ][insert the ratio between the aggregate 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Notes as at the Issue Date and the 
Outstanding Principal of the Receivables] 
 
 
Retention: 
Selected method: 
[     ] [insert selected method for retention 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
applicable 
Retention  and Trasparency Rules] 
 
 
Liquidity Reserve Target Amount 
[      ] 
 
 
Additional Reserve Target Amount 
[      ] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds 
[      ] 
 
 
Third party verifying STS compliance 
authorised under article 28 of the 
Securitisation Regulation in connection  
the STS Verification and the CRR 
Assessment of the Notes. 
[      ] 
6. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
Any clearing system other than Monte 
Titoli, 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) 
[Not 
Applicable][specify 
the 
relevant 
clearing system(s)] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of paying agents 
other than the one specified in the Base 
Prospectus 
 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” 28 
simply means that the Notes are intended

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
upon issue to be deposited with one of  
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and  
registered in the name of a nominee of  
one of the ICSDs acting as common  
safekeeper)] [include this text for 
registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be  
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for  
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra  
day credit operations by the Eurosystem  
either upon issue or at any or all times  
during their life. Such recognition will  
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that  
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been  
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as  
“no” at the date of these Final Terms,  
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria  
be amended in the future such that the  
Notes are capable of meeting them the  
Notes may then be deposited with one of  
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and  
registered in the name of a nominee of  
one of the ICSDs acting as common  
safekeeper) 
[include 
this 
text 
for  
registered notes]. Note that this does not  
necessarily mean that the Notes will then  
be recognised as eligible collateral for  
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra  
day credit operations by the Eurosystem  
at any time during their life. Such  
recognition will depend upon the ECB  
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility  
criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
ISIN Codes: 
 
 
 
Class A Notes: 
[           ] 
 
 
Class B Notes: 
[Not Applicable][           ] 
 
 
Common Codes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Class A Notes: 
[           ]] 
 
 
[Class B Notes: 
[Not Applicable][           ]] 
 
 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on 
the website of the Association of National

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
7. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) 
names of managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) 
stabilisation manager(s) if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iv) 
US selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
[Rule 144A;] TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA 
not applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of sales to EAA 
Retail Investors:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key 
information document will be prepared in 
the 
EEA, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.)] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in 
the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
information document will be prepared in 
the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)]

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
DETAILS OF THE PORTFOLIO 
[Insert the details of the Portfolio purchased in the context of the issue of each Series as at the relevant 
Valuation Date] 
As at the Valuation Date, the Portfolio comprised obligations under [__] [INSERT NUMBER OF LOANS] 
Loans, owed by [__] [INSERT NUMBER OF DEBTORS] Debtors which are (i) employees of [__] [INSERT 
NUMBER OF EMPLOYERS] Employers and (ii) pensioners of Istituto Nazionale di Previdenza Sociale 
(INPS). 
All Loans are governed by Italian Law and pay monthly instalments. 
For the purpose of compliance with articles 22(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, a sample of the Loans 
included in the Portfolio has been subject to verification by [__] [INSERT DENOMINATION OF 
EXTERNAL AUDITOR] on [__] [INSERT DATE OF COMPLETION OF AUDIT ON PORTFOLIO]. The 
sample has been determined on the basis of the following criteria: [__] [INSERT CRITERIA APPLIED BY 
AUDITOR FOR SELECTING THE SAMPLE]. The parameters which have been subject to verification are 
the following: [__] [INSERT PARAMETERS VERIFIED BY AUDITOR].  
The following tables set out details of the Portfolio derived from information provided by IBL Banca as 
Originator of the Receivables comprised in such Portfolio. The information in the following tables reflects 
the position as at the Valuation Date, unless otherwise specified. 
TABLE 1 – PORTFOLIO SUMMARY 
Number of Loans 
[●] 
 
Number of Debtors 
[●] 
 
Original Outstanding Principal Due (Euro) 
[●] 
 
Average Original Outstanding Principal Due (Euro) 
[●] 
 
Total Outstanding Principal Not Yet Due (Euro) 
[●] 
 
of which: 
 
 
Salary Assignment 
[●] 
 
Payment Delegation 
[●] 
 
Weighted Average Interest Rate 
[●] 
 
Weighted Average Original Term (years) (1) 
[●] 
 
Weighted Average Residual Life (years) (2) 
[●] 
 
Longest maturity date 
[●] 
 
Top Debtor Outstanding Balance 
[●] 
 
Top Employer Outstanding Balance (excluding MEF and INPS) 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
Type of Employer 
 
 
Post Offices 
[●] 
[●] 
Railways Companies 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Pensioners 
[●] 
[●] 
Private Companies 
[●] 
[●] 
Public Administration 
[●] 
[●] 
Central State Administration 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
Geographical distribution (Employer) 
 
 
Northern Italy 
[●] 
[●] 
Central Italy 
[●] 
[●] 
Southern Italy 
[●] 
[●] 
(1) is expressed in years and weighted by the Outstanding Principal Not Yet Due 
(2) is expressed in years and weighted by the Outstanding Principal Not Yet Due 
 
TABLE 2 – BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY OUTSTANDING BALANCE 
Range (Euro) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
0 - 15,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
15,000 - 20,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
20,000 - 25,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
25,000 - 30,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
30,000 - 35,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
35,000 - 40,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
40,000 - 45,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
> 45,000 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●]  
 
 
TABLE 3 – BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY ORIGINAL TERM 
Range (Years) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
01) < 2 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
02) 2 - 4 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
02) 4 - 6 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
03) 6 - 8 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
04) 8 - 10 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
TABLE 4 - BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY RESIDUAL LIFE 
Range (Years) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
01) < 2 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
02) 2 - 4 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
03) 4 - 6 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
04) 6 - 8 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
05) 8 - 10 years 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 5 – BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY FUNDING YEAR 
Range (Years) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 6 - BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY TYPE OF LOAN 
Type of loan 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
Transfer of one/fifth of the 
pension 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Transfer of one/fifth of the 
salary 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Payment Delegation 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 7 - BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY INSURANCE COMPANY (LIFE RISK) 
Insurance Company (Life) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet 
Due (Euro) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 8 - BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY INSURANCE COMPANY (UNEMPLOYMENT RISK) 
Insurance Company 
(Unemployment Risk) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100,00% 
121,195,162 
100,00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 9 – BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY DEBTOR AGE 
Range (Years) 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average 
Outstanding 
Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
20-30 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
30-40 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
40-50 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
50-60 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
60-70 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
70-80 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
80-85 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
100,00% 
[●] 
 
TABLE 10 – TOP EMPLOYERS 
Employer 
Type of employer 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Number of 
Loans  
Employer 1 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 2 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 3 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 4 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 5 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 6 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 7 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 8 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 9 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 10. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Top 10 Employers 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 11 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 12 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 13 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 14 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 15 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 16 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 17 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 18 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 19 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Employer 20 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Top 20 Employers 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
TABLE 11 - BREAKDOWN OF THE PORTFOLIO BY DELINQUENCY 
Instalment in Arrears 
Number of 
Loans 
% 
Outstanding Principal Not 
Yet Due (Euro) 
% 
Average Outstanding 
Principal Not Yet Due 
(Euro) 
0 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
1 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
2 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●] 
100.00% 
[●]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The Securitisation Law 
The Securitisation Law was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process 
and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in Italy. 
It applies to securitisation transactions involving a "true" sale (by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of 
receivables, where the sale is to a company created in accordance with article 3 of the Securitisation Law and 
all amounts paid by the debtors in respect of the receivables are to be used by the relevant company 
exclusively to meet its obligations under notes issued to fund the purchase of such claims and all costs and 
expenses associated with the securitisation transaction. 
The Securitisation Law has been amended by, inter alia: (i) the Italian law decree (decreto-legge) No. 145 of 
23 December 2013, which has been converted into law by the Italian Parliament with law No. 9 of 21 February 
2014 (the "Decree 145"); (ii) the Italian law decree (decreto-legge) No. 91 of 24 June 2014, which has been 
converted into law by the Italian Parliament with law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 (the "Decree 91"); (iii) the 
Italian law decree (decreto-legge) No. 18 of 14 February 2016, which has been converted into law by the Italian 
Parliament with law No. 49 of 8 April 2016 and (iv) the Italian law No. 96 of 21 June 2017. 
The Securitisation Law has been further amended by, inter alia, law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 and law 
decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, as converted with amendments into law No. 38 of 30 June 2019 and, lastly, 
by the legislative decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Securitisation Law has been 
issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for (i) regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy concerning, inter alia, the accounting treatment of securitisation transactions by special purpose 
companies incorporated under the Securitisation Law, such as the Issuer, and the duties of the companies 
which carry out collection and recovery activities in the context of a securitisation transaction, and (ii) the 
Legislative Decree 13 August 2010 No. 141 which has, inter alia, entirely replaced, as from 19 September 
2010, Title V of the Consolidated Banking Act. Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities 
may issue further regulations relating to the Securitisation Law or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which 
cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Ring-fencing of the assets 
By virtue of the operation of Article 3 of the Securitisation Law, the assets relating to each securitisation 
transaction will be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the company which performs the 
securitisation (the "SPV") (including any other assets purchased by such company pursuant to the 
Securitisation Law). Therefore, any cash-flow deriving therefrom (to the extent identifiable) will be exclusively 
available, both prior to and following a winding up of such a company, to satisfy the obligations to the 
Noteholders and to certain creditors claiming payment of debts incurred by the company in connection with 
the securitisation of the relevant receivables. In addition, the receivables relating to a particular transaction will 
not be available to the holders of notes issued to finance any other securitisation transaction or to general 
creditors of the issuer company. 
Decree 91 has extended the segregation effects provided for under Article 3, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation 
Law. In particular it has been specified that receivables relating to each securitisation transaction, meaning the 
receivables towards the assigned debtors and any other claims owed to the SPV in the context of the 
transaction, as well as any relevant collections and financial assets purchased through the proceeds of the 
receivables, form separate assets from the assets of the SPV and those relating to other securitisation 
transactions. No actions against such segregated assets may be taken by creditors other than the holders of 
the securities issued to finance the purchase of the relevant receivables. 
In addition, Decree 91 has inserted new paragraphs 2-bis and 2-ter in Article 3 of the Securitisation Law, 
pursuant to which:

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
- 
the sums standing to the credit of the SPV's accounts (i) are capable of being seized and attached 
only by the relevant noteholders; and (ii) can be used exclusively to satisfying the claims of such 
noteholders, hedging counterparty and to pay the relevant transaction's costs; 
- 
in the event that the bank holding the SPV's accounts becomes subject to any proceedings under Title 
IV of the Consolidated Banking Act or any insolvency proceedings, the sums deposited on such 
accounts also pending such proceedings (i) are not subject to suspension of payments and (ii) will be 
immediately and fully returned to the SPV without the need for the filing of any petition in the relevant 
proceeding and outside any distribution plan; 
- 
the sums standing to the credit of the servicer's accounts are capable of being seized and attached by 
the creditors of the relevant servicer (or sub-servicer, as the case may be) only within the limits of the 
amounts exceeding the sums collected and due to the SPV; and 
- 
In the event that the relevant servicer (or sub-servicer, as the case may be) becomes subject to an 
insolvency proceeding, the sums deposited on such accounts also pending such insolvency 
proceeding, for an amount equal to the amounts pertaining to the SPV, will be immediately and fully 
returned to the relevant SPV without the need for the filing of any petition in the relevant insolvency 
proceeding and outside any distribution plan.  
Under Italian law, however, any creditor of the Issuer would be able to commence insolvency or winding-up 
proceedings against the Issuer in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under the Securitisation Law is governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 
4 of the Consolidated Banking Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been 
strengthened by Article 4 of the Securitisation Law, is that the assignment can be perfected against the 
assignor, the debtors in respect of the receivables and third party creditors by way of publication of the relevant 
notice in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and registration in the Companies Register, so avoiding 
the need for notification to be served on each debtor. 
Pursuant to article 4, first paragraph, of the Securitisation Law, the notice of sale in the Official Gazette of the 
assignment of those receivables which have the characteristics set out under article 1 of Italian Law number 
52 of 21 February 1991 (i.e. receivables arising out of contracts executed by the originator in the ordinary 
course of its business) may be simplified by including only information regarding the originator, the assignee 
and the date of assignment. As an alternative, the perfection of the assignment of such receivables may be 
governed by article 5, paragraphs 1, 1-bis and 2 of Italian Law number 52 of 21 February 1991, according to 
which the enforceability of the assignment against third parties is obtained through the payment of the relevant 
purchase price bearing an indisputable date (data certa).  
According to article 4, second paragraph, of the Securitisation Law, as from the date of the publication of the 
notice in the Official Gazette or the payment (in whole or in part) of the purchase price for the assigned 
receivables bearing an indisputable date: 
1) 
no legal action may be brought in respect of the assigned receivables or the sums derived therefrom, 
other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the notes issued for the purpose 
of financing the acquisition of the relevant receivables and to meet the costs of the transaction. 
2) 
notwithstanding any provision of law providing otherwise, no set-off may be exercised by the debtors 
among the assigned receivables and any debtors’ claims towards the originator arising after such 
date; 
3) 
the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
any other assignee of the originator who has failed to render its purchase of receivables 
enforceable against any third party prior to such date;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
(b) 
any creditors of the originator who have not obtained, prior to the date of the publication of 
the notice in the Official Gazette, an attachment order (pignoramento) in respect of any of 
the receivables and then only to the extent of the receivables already attached; 
4) 
the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the 
assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same priority in favour 
of the company which has purchased the receivables, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
Assignments executed under the Securitisation Law are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 
67 of the Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party is 
made within three months of the securitisation transaction or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 
applies, within six months of the securitisation transaction. 
Claw-Back of the sale of the Receivables  
The sale of the Receivables by the Originator to the Issuer may be clawed back by a receiver of the Originator 
under article 67, paragraphs 1(4) and 2 of the Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the Originator was 
insolvent when the assignment was entered into and was executed within three months of the admission of 
the Originator to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Title IV, Heading I, 
Section III of the Consolidated Banking Act or in cases where paragraphs 1(1), 1(2) and 1(3) of article 67 of 
the Bankruptcy Law apply, within six months of the admission to compulsory liquidation.  
 
Claw-Back Action against the payments made to companies incorporated under the Securitisation Law  
According to article 4 of the Securitisation Law, the payments made by an assigned debtor to the Issuer may 
not be subject to any claw-back action according to articles 67 and 65 of the Bankruptcy Law.  
All other payments made to the Issuer by any party under a Transaction Document in the year/six months 
suspect period prior to the date on which such party has been declared bankrupt or has been admitted to the 
compulsory liquidation may be subject to claw-back action according to article 67 paragraphs 1 or 2, as 
applicable, of the Bankruptcy Law. The relevant payment will be set aside and clawed back if the receiver 
gives evidence that the recipient of the payments had knowledge of the state of insolvency when the payments 
were made. The question as to whether or not the Issuer had actual or constructive knowledge of the state of 
insolvency at the time of the payment is a question of fact with respect to which a court may in its discretion 
consider all relevant circumstances. 
Italian Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Debtors under the Loans are subject to Italian law 
No. 108 of 7 March, 1996, as amended from time to time (the “Usury Law”), which introduced legislation 
preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than certain rates. In addition, even where 
the applicable rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be 
usurious if certain circumstances arise. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has 
the same consequences as non-compliance with the usury rates.  
 
If the Loans are found to contravene the Usury Law, the Debtors might be able to claim relief on any interest 
previously paid and oblige the Issuer to accept a reduced rate of interest, or potentially no interest on the 
relevant Loan. In such cases, the ability of the Issuer to maintain scheduled payments of interest and principal 
on the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In a scenario in which market rates decline, interest can be below the threshold at the outset of the financing, 
but result in an excess at a later stage. In this context, law decree No. 394 of 29 December, 2000 clearly states 
that interest is deemed usurious if it exceeds the maximum threshold set by the law at the time that the interest 
is agreed by the parties, "independently from the time of its actual payment". As clarified by the Italian Supreme 
Court in Decision No. 24,675/2017, this provision is to be taken literally – compliance with the usury threshold 
is relevant only at the time of execution of the contract, regardless of the time of payment and of any

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
subsequent change to the reference threshold. This ruling applies to contracts entered into both before and 
after the enactment of law No. 108/1996 and law-decree No. 394/2000. 
For the risks arising from the possible presence in the Portfolios of Loan Agreements including usury rates, 
kindly see the section “Risk Factors” “Italian Usury Law”. 
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued interest 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (i) under an agreement subsequent to such 
accrual or (ii) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or 
receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are 
recognised customary practices ("usi") to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of 
Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a three monthly basis on the grounds that such practice 
could be characterised as a customary practice ("uso normativo"). However, a number of recent judgements 
from Italian courts (including the judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) number 
2374/99 and number 2593/2003) have held that such practices may not be defined as customary practices 
("uso normativo").Consequently, if Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation 
of the Italian civil code would be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns 
generated from the relevant Loan Agreements may be prejudiced. 
It should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 ("Law No. 
342") enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to Law No. 142 of 19 February 
1992 (the "Legge Delega") has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks 
prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation 
of accrued interest will still be possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the Interministerial 
Committee of Credit and Saving (C.I.C.R.) dated 9 February 2000 and published on 22 February 2000. Law 
No. 342 was challenged, however, before the Italian Constitutional Court on the grounds that it falls outside 
the scope of the legislative powers delegated under the Legge Delega.  
By decision No. 425 dated 9 October 2000, the Italian Constitutional Court declared as unconstitutional on 
these grounds such article 25, paragraph 3, of Law No. 342. According to a ruling of the Tribunal of Bari dated 
29 October 2008 the amortisation plans known as "French amortisation plans" (applied to certain type of loans 
in Italy, such as the Loan Agreements) are not valid, being in breach of Articles 1283 and 1284 of the Italian 
Civil Code. The rationale behind such ruling seems to be, inter alia, that the French amortisation plans would 
per se lead to apply to the relevant loan an interest rate higher than the interest rate contractually agreed 
between the lender and the borrower and, therefore, to increase the cost of the financing for the borrower. 
According to such ruling, banks which use in their loans the French amortisation plan would be in breach of 
Article 1283 and 1284 as the relevant rate of interest and the cost of the financing would not be clearly indicated 
in the relevant loan agreement. As a result, the relevant contractual interest rate may be challenged by the 
relevant borrower and the legal interest rate may apply. 
Article 17-bis of Law Decree number 18 of 14 February 2016 (as converted into law with amendments by Law 
number 49 of 8 April 2016) amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that interest (other 
than defaulted interest) shall not accrue on capitalised interest. Article 120, paragraph 2 of the Banking Act 
delegated to the CICR the establishment of the methods and criteria for compounding of interest. In this 
respect, the CICR, with a resolution dated 3 August 2016, substituting the resolution dated 9 February 2000, 
has provided, inter alia, that: (i) negative accrued interest and principal are to be accounted separately; (ii) in 
accordance with the new provision of article 120 of the Banking Act, interest are due as from 1 March of the 
year following the year of the relevant accrual. In any case, such interest shall become payable and the relevant 
debtor shall be considered in default only after a period of 30 days starting from the day the debtor is aware of 
the amount to be paid; and (iii) the debtor and the bank may agree, also in advance, to charge the interest due 
and payable directly to the relevant debtor’s account (in such event, the charged amount shall be considered 
as principal amount and interest shall accrue on such amount).  
For the risks arising from the possible presence in the Portfolios of Loans providing for a compounding of 
interest, kindly see the section “Risk Factors” “Compounding of interest”.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Italian Consumer Legislation 
In Italy, consumer loans are regulated by, inter alia: (i) articles 121 to 126 of the Consolidated Banking Act; (ii) 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005 (the "Consumer Code") and (iii) the regulation of the 
Bank of Italy dated 29 July 2009, entitled “Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancarie e finanziari. 
Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti” (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time). 
Under the current legislation, consumer loans are only those granted for amounts lower than the maximum 
level set by sub-section 1 of article 122 of the Consolidated Banking Act, currently set at Euro 75,000 and 
higher than the minimum level set by the same sub-section, currently set at Euro 200.The following issues, 
amongst others, could arise in relation to a consumer loan contract: 
a) pursuant to article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Banking Act, debtors under consumer loan contracts 
have the right (which cannot be waived by agreement between the parties) to prepay any consumer 
loan (in whole or in part) with the right to a pro rata reduction in the aggregate amount of the loan, 
equal to the amounts of interest and costs that should be accrued until the final maturity date of such 
loan. Pursuant to second paragraph of Article 125-sexies, in case of prepayment of the consumer 
loan, the lender has the right to receive an indemnity from the debtor that cannot exceed the following 
limits: (i) 1 per cent. of the early prepaid amount, should the prepayment be made more than 1 year 
before the final maturity date of the loan; or (ii) 0.5 per cent. of the early prepaid amount, should the 
prepayment be made at least 1 year or less than 1 year before the final maturity date of the loan, 
provided that in any case such indemnity cannot exceed the amount of interest that the debtor would 
have paid on the loan until its final maturity date.  Furthermore, third paragraph of Article 125-sexies 
provides for specific circumstances under which such indemnity is not due by the debtor to the lender. 
The provisions of article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Banking Act have been recently amended by 
Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, as converted into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021 (the so-called 
“Sostegni-bis Decree”). Pursuant to the Sostegni-bis Decree, the consumer loan agreements shall 
cleary indicate the criteria applicable for such interest and cost reduction, being a linear proportional 
reduction or a reduction based on the loan amortised cost. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
consumer loan agreement, a reduction based on the loan amortised cost would apply. Save for any 
different agreement between the lenders and the relevant credit intermediaries, the lenders would 
have a recourse against such credit intermediaries for the recovery of an amount equivalent to the 
portion of the credit intermediaries’ fees reimbursed to the borrowers as a result of the prepayment. 
The amendments to article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Banking Act introduced by the Sostegni-
bis Decree would apply to the consumer loan agreements executed after the entry into force of 
conversion law. Any prepayment relating to consumer loan agreements entered into prior to such date 
would continue to be governed by the previous provisions of article 125-sexies, as well as by the Bank 
of Italy’s regulations applicable at the time of the relevant prepayment; 
b) pursuant to article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, debtors of consumer loans are entitled 
to exercise against the assignee of any lender under a consumer loan contract, any defence (including 
set-off) which they had against the original lender, in derogation of the provisions of article 1248 of the 
Italian Civil Code (that means the debtors have such right even if they have accepted the assignment 
or have been given written notice thereof and if the transfer has been made enforceable against them). 
In this respect, it must be noted that article 4, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law provides that 
debtors of securitised receivables are not entitled to exercise any right of set-off against the 
securitisation special purpose vehicle for any claims they have towards the originator which have 
arisen after the date of completion of the enforceability formalities of the transfer of such receivables 
to the securitisation company as provided for under the Securitisation Law. However, it is unclear 
whether the provisions contained in article 4, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law in relation to set-
off rights of the assigned debtors also prevails on article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, 
considering the special nature of the latter (i.e. provisions aimed at protecting the category of 
consumers); 
c) pursuant to sub-section 2 of article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, there is no obligation 
to inform the consumer of the assignment of the rights of the lender under a consumer loan agreement 
when the original lender maintains the servicing of the relevant claims. In addition, regulation of the 
Bank of Italy dated 29 July 2009, as amended and updated from time to time (Trasparenza delle

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
operazioni e dei servizi bancarie e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti) 
provides that notices of assignment shall be made in accordance with, respectively, article 58 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act with respect to the assignment of claims required to be carried out 
thereunder and article 4 of the Securitisation Law with respect to the securitisation transaction of 
claims. Prior individual notice of the purchase of the Receivables under the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and each relevant Transfer Agreement was not, and will not be, given to the 
Debtors as the Originator will continue to service the relevant Receivables and the Debtors’ payment 
procedure will not be subject to change. Since no notice of the assignment of the Receivables to the 
Issuer is being given there is a risk that Debtors who qualify as a “consumer” pursuant to the 
Consolidated Banking Act could raise a defence in any enforcement action taken by the Issuer in 
respect of the relevant Loan Agreement qualifying as “consumer loans” extended to them that the 
assignment of the Receivables cannot be enforced against them if the Originator does not continue to 
service the relevant Receivables and the Debtors’ payment procedure are subject to change, until they 
receive formal notice of the assignment. In this respect, pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and each relevant Transfer Agreement, however, the Originator has undertaken 
to notify to the Debtors, the Employers, the Pension Authorities, the Pension Funds and the 
Guarantors, at the earliest opportunity, the transfer of each Portfolio as provided for by the applicable 
regulations and to furnish to the Debtors, the Employers, the Pension Authorities, the Pension Funds 
and the Guarantors information as referred to in articles 13, paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Privacy Law 
and 13 and 14 of the GDPR (as applicable). 
The Consumer Code has repealed articles 1469-bis to 1469-sexies of the Italian civil code, which were 
applicable to the Loan Agreements and substituted the regulation contained therein, with substantially the 
same terms. Article 33 of the Consumer Code provides that any clause in a consumer contract which contains 
a material imbalance between the rights and obligations of the consumer under the contract is deemed to be 
unfair and is not enforceable against the consumer whether or not the consumer's counterparty acted in good 
faith. Article 33 of Consumer Code identifies clauses which, if included in consumer contracts, are deemed to 
be prima facie unfair but which are binding on the consumer if it can be shown that such clauses were actually 
negotiated or that they can be considered fair in the circumstances of the relevant consumer contract. Such 
clauses include, amongst others, clauses which give the right to the non-consumer contracting party to (a) 
terminate the contract or (b) modify the conditions of the contract without reasonable cause. However, with 
regard to financial contracts, if there is a valid reason, the provider is empowered to modify the economic terms 
but must inform the consumer immediately; in this case the consumer has the right to terminate the contract. 
Pursuant to article 36 of Consumer Code, the following clauses, amongst others, are considered unfair as 
matter of law and are null and void: (a) any clause which has the effect of excluding or limiting the remedies 
of the consumer in case of total or partial failure by the non-consumer contracting party to perform its 
obligations under the consumer contract; and (b) any clause which has the effect of making the consumer 
party to clauses he has not had any opportunity to consider and evaluate before entering into the consumer 
contract.  
For the risks arising from the possible presence of Loan Agreements containing clauses violating the 
Consumer Code, kindly see the section “Risk Factors” “Italian consumer protection legislation”. 
Salary Assignments (Cessioni di quinto dello stipendio)  
The granting of loans with Salary Assignment as collateral constitutes a specific type of financing offered by 
credit institutions. By virtue of law and of contract, a Salary Assignment requires an Employer to retain a part 
of the employee's salary/pension and to pay it directly to the lending institution.  
The Salary Assignments are regulated by (i) the general provisions of the Italian Civil Code; and (ii) by special 
legislation.  
The provisions of article 1260 of the Italian Civil Code state that creditors may transfer, whether for 
consideration or not, any claims they might have (except for those claims that are of a strictly personal nature 
or are not assignable under the law), even without the consent of the assigned debtor. However, the

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
assignment becomes enforceable towards the assigned debtor only when it is accepted by the assigned debtor 
or it has been notified to him/her through a notice bearing an indisputable date.  
The same requirement is provided for by the Italian Presidential Decree No. 180 of 5 January 1950 (“Decree 
180”).  
Special Legislation Provisions  
Pursuant to the Decree 180, employees of the State, of other public entities and administrations and private 
employees may be granted loans which are to be repaid through the assignment of up to one fifth of their net 
monthly salaries and for a term of not more than 10 years.  
The Decree 180 provides for a number of requirements to be met in order for the employees to be granted a 
loan assisted by a Salary Assignment.  
Among the requirements under the Decree 180, it is provided that the risks relating to:  
(a) death of the debtor; and  
(b) termination of the employment contract for whatever reason,  
shall be guaranteed by a specific insurance policy issued by insurance companies. 
In the event of termination of the employment for whatever reason, the Salary Assignment extends to the rights 
to receive pension payments or other forms of indemnities.  
In this respect, it has to be noted that, pursuant to the Decree 180, amounts due by the Employer to the lender 
under the Salary Assignment (being a portion of the Employee salary) have to be paid to the lenders within 
the month following the month on which they have been accrued. 
Payment Delegations (Delegazioni di pagamento)  
Under a Payment Delegation (Delegazione di Pagamento), the employer of the relevant borrower is obliged, 
by virtue of law and of contract, to retain a part of the employee's salary and to send it directly to the lending 
institution.  
The Payment Delegations are regulated by general provisions of the Italian Civil Code, by the Decree 180 and 
by the provisions set under Circulars of the Minister of Treasury No. 46 of 8 August 1995 and No. 63 of 16 
October 1996 and under Circulars of the Minister Economic and Financial Affairs No. 1 of 17 January 2011 
and No. 2 of 15 January 2015 (collectively, the “Circulars”).  
Italian Civil Code Provisions  
Article 1269 of the Italian Civil Code provides that a debtor (delegante) may delegate another party (delegato) 
to perform payments on his/her behalf to the relevant creditor (delegatario). In case the delegated party 
(delegato) accepts to be bound towards the creditor, this latter has a direct claim towards the delegated party.  
A contract whereby one party undertakes to execute one or more legal transactions for the account of another, 
such as the execution of a payment, is defined as a mandate under Article 1703 of the Italian Civil Code.  
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 1723, second paragraph, of the Italian Civil Code, if a mandate is granted also 
in the interest of a third party (other than the parties to the mandate), such mandate is irrevocable. Accordingly, 
the Employer, which has accepted the Payment Delegation (which constitutes a mandate to make payments 
on behalf of the Debtor, also in the interest of the Originator, this latter being a third party to the mandate) 
would be obliged thereunder to make payments to the Originator until the payment obligations of the debtor 
are fulfilled and the mandate is therefore extinguished. 
Provision set under the Circulars

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
Pursuant to the Circulars, employees of the State and of other public entities and administrations may be 
granted loans which are to be repaid through Payment Delegations, subject to the same limits applicable in 
the case of Salary Assignments. 
According to the Circulars, delegations of payment in connection with loans granted to public employees can 
be issued only subject to, inter alia, the lending institution to which the payments are made (the delegatario) 
having entered into a specific agreement (Convenzione) with the relevant public body setting out the costs to 
be borne by the public bodies, such costs to be equal to the costs of the human and IT resources to be used. 
Rights of set-off and other rights of the Debtors 
Under general principles of Italian law, the Debtors are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of 
amounts due by them under the relevant Loan Agreement against any amounts payable by the Originator to 
the relevant Debtor. 
The assignment of receivables under the Securitisation Law is governed by article 58, paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, 
of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment 
becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of the publication of the notice 
of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and 
(ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the competent companies' register.  Consequently, 
Debtors and Employers/Pension Authorities may exercise a right of set-off against the Issuer on claims against 
the Originator and/or the Issuer which have arisen before the later of: (i) the publication of the notice in the 
Official Gazette and (ii) the registration in the competent companies' register have been completed.  
In addition, as set out in paragraph "Consumer protection legislation" below, pursuant to article 125-septies of 
the Consolidated Banking Act, debtors of consumer loans (and CDQ Loans and DP Loans would qualify as 
such) are entitled to exercise against the assignee of any lender under a consumer loan contract, any defence 
(including set-off) which they had against the original lender, in derogation of the provisions of article 1248 of 
the Italian civil code (that means the debtors have such right even if they have accepted the assignment or 
have been given written notice thereof and if the transfer has been made enforceable against them). In this 
respect, it must be noted that article 4, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law (as amended by Decree 145) 
provides that debtors of securitised receivables are not entitled to exercise any right of set-off against the 
securitisation company for any claims they have vis-à-vis the relevant originator which have arisen after the 
date of completion of the enforceability formalities of the transfer of such receivables to the securitisation 
company as provided for under the Securitisation Law. However, it is unclear whether the amendments made 
to article 4, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation Law by Decree 145 in relation to set-off rights of the assigned 
debtors also prevails on article 125-septies of the Consolidated Banking Act, considering the special nature of 
the latter (i.e. provisions aimed at protecting the category of consumers). 
For the risks arising from the possible exercise by Debtors of a setting off right, kindly see the section “Risk 
Factors” “Italian consumer protection legislation”. 
The Issuer 
Under the provisions of Article 5, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation Law, the standard limits and the other 
provisions related to the issue of securities prescribed for Italian companies (other than banks) under the Italian 
Civil Code (Articles from 2410 to 2420) are not applicable to the Issuer. 
Attachment of Debtor's credits 
Attachment proceedings may be commenced also on due and payable credits of a borrower (such as bank 
accounts, salary, etc.) or on borrower's movable property which is located on third party premises. 
Settlement of the over-indebtedness crisis (sovraindebitamento) under Law No. 3/2012 Under Italian 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012 ("Disposizioni in materia di usura e di estorsione, nonché di composizione delle 
crisi da sovraindebitamento") (the "Law No. 3/2012"), in order to remedy to situations in which a debtor is 
definitively not able to fully and timely fulfil its obligations ("sovraindebitamento"), a debtor may enter into a

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
debt restructuring agreement ("Settlement Agreement") in the context of the settlement procedure provided 
for therein ("Settlement Procedure"). 
In particular, the debtor can accede to the Settlement Procedure if it:  
(a) 
cannot be subject to the insolvency procedures provided by the Bankruptcy Law; 
(b) 
has not benefited of any Settlement Procedure in the past three years; 
(c) 
is subject, for circumstances chargeable to it, to the measures provided for articles 14 and 14-bis of 
Law No. 3/2012; 
(d) 
has filed unclear documentation which does not consent to properly recognize its financial and 
patrimonial situation. 
Pursuant to Law No. 3/2012, a Settlement Agreement may provide for a one-year period moratorium in respect 
of payments in favour of creditors who have not entered into the Settlement Agreement (creditori estranei), 
provided that: 
(i) 
the debt restructuring plan is suitable to ensure payment of the relevant obligations within the 
relevant deadline provided for therein; 
(ii) 
the execution of the debts restructuring plan has been entrusted to a liquidator appointed by the 
competent Court; and 
(iii) 
the moratorium does not concern undistrainable (impignorabili) receivables. 
The Settlement Agreement must be filed with the competent Court together with, inter alia, the list of all 
creditors of the relevant debtor. 
The competent Court, in the event that the requirements provided by Law No. 3/2012 subsist, provides, by 
decree, that the creditors cannot commence or continue foreclosure proceedings (azioni esecutive) and 
seizures (sequestri conservativi) and create pre-emption rights on the assets of the debtor provided that such 
decree may be revoked by the competent Court in the event of actions in prejudice of the creditors or fraud 
against them made by the debtor. 
The Settlement Agreement has to be agreed by creditors (excluding certain categories of secured creditors 
and the purchasers or assignees of the relevant receivables owed by the debtor which have purchased such 
receivables from less than one year from the date of request of the Settlement Procedure) representing at 
least 60 per cent. of the debtor’s debts and then be approved (omologato) by the competent Court. 
Recent main changes in Italian bankruptcy, tax and civil procedure law  
The Italian Parliament adopted Law Decree No. 83 of 27 June 2015 (Misure urgenti in materia, fallimentare, 
civile e processuale civile e di organizzazione e funzionamento dell'amministrazione giudiziaria) converted into 
law by Law No. 132 of 6 August 2015 (the "Decree No. 83"), providing for some significant changes in Italian 
bankruptcy, tax and civil procedure law.  
The main features of the reform implemented by Decree No. 83 are summarised herein below: 
(a) 
the rules governing the deductibility for tax purposes by banks and financial intermediaries of losses 
and write-off relating to receivables have been amended. Under the new rules both losses deriving 
from assignment of receivables and losses and write-off of receivables vis-à-vis customers (crediti 
verso la clientela) are entirely deductible in the fiscal year in which they are registered in the financial 
statements of the aforesaid companies. This provision has shortened the timeframe previously 
provided for deducting losses and write-off of receivables, which was equal to five fiscal years; 
(b) 
debt enforcement proceedings have been accelerated and simplified, and judicial sales expedited;

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
(c) 
banks and financial intermediaries holding the majority of a company's overall debt can (subject to 
certain conditions) restructure its indebtedness, even in the face of a significant dissenting minority 
financial creditor; 
(d) 
access to new financing has been simplified, enjoying super-priority, and the removal of claw back risk 
for bridging loans (including shareholder loans) for a company when proposing a pre-bankruptcy 
creditors arrangement or debt restructuring; 
(e) 
creditors representing 10% of overall indebtedness are now entitled to present alternative proposals 
to those proposed by the debtor if the company's proposals do not satisfy at least 40% of non-preferred 
creditors in case of liquidation or 30% in an on-going scenario. Measures have been introduced which 
will likely lead to greater use of controlled auctions in prepack creditor arrangements involving 
business sales, favouring independent investor participation. Such sales may now be completed even 
before court certification of the approved creditor arrangement, prioritising business continuity;  
(f) 
a specific discipline has been provided in relation to the consequences of the termination of financial 
leasing contract (please see the paragraph "Italian Law on Leasing" below for more details on this 
provision); and 
(g) 
a number of measures have been introduced to enhance the speed and effectiveness of bankruptcy 
proceedings, including the imposition of deadlines for bankruptcy trustee activities with the real threat 
of removal for failure to comply and the facilitation of interim distributions to creditors. 
These provisions of Decree No. 83 have not been tested in any case law nor specified in any further regulation. 
Law Decree No. 59/2016 
The Italian Parliament has adopted the Law Decree No. 59 of 3 May 2016 (Disposizioni urgenti in materia di 
procedure esecutive e concorsuali, nonchè a favore degli investitori in banche in liquidazione) converted into 
law by Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016 (the "Decree No. 59"), providing for urgent measures on guarantees, 
foreclosure and insolvency proceedings and aiming at restoring damages suffered by investors of banks under 
liquidation.  
The main features of the reform implemented by Decree No. 59 are summarised herein below: 
(a) 
a new security interest over movable assets ("pegno mobiliare non possessorio") has been introduced 
in order to improve the businesses' access to financing; 
(b) 
it is now possible for banks and other financial intermediaries authorised to carry out lending activities 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act to agree in the financing arrangements with 
businesses to obtain, in case of default, title to a designated real estate asset(s) (such measure 
expressly provides for an exception to the general Italian rule pursuant to which a secured creditor is 
not allowed to repossess a pledged or mortgaged asset upon the borrower's default); 
(c) 
certain provisions have been introduced in order to further accelerating (following the recent 
amendments in enforcement proceedings) credit recovery through more efficient enforcement 
proceedings. In particular:  
(i) 
no oppositions to enforcement procedures are allowed (with limited exceptions) if the sale 
process for the asset has already been launched; 
(ii) 
courts must (with no discretion) order provisional execution of an injunction order for the 
portion of the claim which has not been challenged by the debtor; 
(iii) 
a bidder in an auction may identify a third party assignee to become the owner of the asset.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
(d) 
changes have been introduced to Italian insolvency law to facilitate certain procedural aspects by 
strengthening the use of online technologies to enhance interactivity within the context of hearings and 
creditors' meetings; 
(e) 
a digital registry shall be set up and held by the Ministry of Justice, which includes data relating to all 
the compulsory expropriation, insolvency proceedings and alternative debt restructuring resolution 
schemes. 
These provisions of Decree No. 59 have not been tested in any case law nor specified in any further regulation. 
Delegation of powers to the Italian Government for the reform of corporate reorganization and 
Insolvency Law  
On 11 October 2017 the Italian Parliament approved a law which confers powers on the Italian government 
for an overall reform of insolvency law and corporate reorganisation proceedings in the context of over-
indebted corporate entities (the “Delegated Legislation”).  
The Delegated Legislation is the result of a review of the Italian legislative decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 
(hereinafter the “Bankruptcy Law”) conducted by an experts' committee set up in 2015. Such review aims at 
introducing reform of insolvency legislation that is better suited to the current economic situation and consistent 
with the indications received from the European legislator.  
The Delegated Legislation is inspired by the principle of an early detection and resolution of corporate 
insolvency also through flexible and modern reorganisation methods; in such a context, the declaration of 
bankruptcy (now defined as judicial liquidation, “liquidazione giudiziale”) is considered as a last resort in 
absence of other options that can guarantee continuation of corporate activity.  
In accordance with the above principles, the Delegated Legislation introduces the new “preemptive and 
assisted reorganisation procedures” further complementing in this way the regulation of the currently existing 
pre-insolvency proceedings (i.e. restructuring proceedings under article 182bis and certified plans under article 
67(3)(d) of the Bankruptcy Law) and insolvency proceedings (scheme of arrangements with creditors and 
bankruptcy). The reform of the so - called extraordinary administration proceedings has not been included in 
the scope of the Delegated Legislation and will likely require an ad hoc intervention. 
The principal envisaged amendments to the current legal framework contained in the Delegated Legislation 
are as follow. 
Stakeholders have long faced a difficulty in coordinating the restructuring proceedings of companies under the 
same group. The legislation currently in force does not provide for the opening of a single restructuring 
proceeding with regard to multiple affiliated companies, thus resulting in an inefficient process also 
compounded by the fact that different territorial courts have competence for each different single proceedings. 
In order to adress such issues, the Delegated Legislation provides for the introduction of a new joined 
proceedings for group insolvencies. More specifically, the Delegated Legislation introduces: 
a) 
a definition of “corporate group” by reference to the criteria of direction and coordination referred to in 
articles 2497 et seq. and 2545 septies of the Italian Civil Code; such criteria are presumed to be met 
where there are controlling and controlled entities within the group pursuant to article 2359 of Italian 
Civil Code; 
b) 
joined single proceedings: the possibility for companies under the same group to file a single 
application for approval of a debt restructuring plan agreement under article 182bis of the Bankruptcy 
Law or admission to an out-of-court arrangement with creditors or judicial liquidation or a court 
settlement agreement before a single court of law (as determined in accordance with the European 
principle of “center of main interests” of the debtor); hence the subsequent appointment of only one 
single (i) judge and (ii) court-appointed receiver with regard to a scheme of arrangement or judicial 
dissolution and payment of a single fund of expenses in the case of a scheme of arrangement with 
creditors.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
c) 
separate resolution meetings with regard to schemes of arrangement with creditors: in case of a 
scheme of arrangement, separate resolutions on the proposal by the creditors of each company and 
the exclusion of infra-group creditors from voting in order to mitigate any “distortion” effects; 
d) 
subordination of infra-group debt in situations described by article 2467 of the Italian Civil Code (i.e. 
the company has resorted to additional debt in situations where a capital contribution was instead 
required), with the exception of infra-group loans granted in the context of schemes of arrangement or 
a debt restructuring agreement under article 182bis of Bankruptcy Law; 
e) 
extension of the receiver’s powers with regard to solvent companies: in the event of a judicial 
liquidation, the power of the receiver, inter alia, to report irregularities in the management of the 
solvent companies of the group (e.g. article 2409 of the Italian Civil Code) and to request their 
bankruptcy in the event of insolvency. 
Preemptive Proceedings  
As mentioned above, the Italian legislator has worked on the assumption (shared by the European regulator 
and business philosophy) that the successful recovery of a business largely depends on early detection of 
crisis, which the entrepreneur often tends to deny.  
In order to facilitate a prompt detection of crisis, on one hand the Delegated Legislation requires the 
entrepreneur to have in place an adequate corporate structure which can detect a crisis in a timely manner, 
and on the other hand, has introduced preemptive proceedings and crisis-assisted reorganisation proceedings 
(the “Preemptive Proceedings”) to induce the distressed company to address the crisis early on. Such 
regulation however does not apply to listed and large companies on the assumption that, due to their size, 
these entities have adequate resources to detect the crisis and address it at an early stage.  
The Preemptive Proceedings are based on a resolution of the crisis agreed with creditors and implemented 
through the assistance of a body of experts started by the debtor or indirectly by public creditors or corporate 
auditing entities. The Preemptive Proceedings - which are to be conducted in a confidential manner – provide 
for the following:  
a) 
the debtor who acknowledges a state of crisis files an application with a body set up in the relevant 
Chamber of Commerce (the “Committee”) in order to receive assistance in finding an agreed solution 
to the crisis with creditors within a maximum period of 6 months; 
b) 
qualified public creditors (including the Tax Agency and Social Security Agency) must (i) inform the 
relevant debtor that its debt exposure has exceeded a significant amount and (ii) inform the supervisory 
entities and the Committee, in case the debtor has not addressed the problem within a 3 month period 
(such as by starting the Preemptive Proceedings, or by carrying out a scheme of arrangement or a debt 
restructuring); 
c) 
in the event of the debtor's inaction, the above-mentioned public creditors must report to the supervisory 
entities and the Committee any ongoing defaults of a significant amount; 
d) 
in addition, in all cases of inaction on the part of the debtor (and regardless of reporting by qualified 
public creditors) the corporate auditing bodies, auditors and auditing firms are obliged to immediately 
notify the administrative entities of any well-grounded indications of a crisis situation (the chartered 
accountant representative body shall prepare indexes to be used to establish when a company is 
considered to be in crisis) and, in the event of inadequate or a lack of response by these entities, the 
Committee; 
e) 
during the proceedings, the debtor may apply to the relevant Court for the adoption of protective 
measures to enable the same to enter into negotiations protected from any action of creditors (in respect 
of such protective measures, the debtor may postpone the reduction of any losses pursuant to the 
provisions of article 182 sexies of the Bankruptcy Law with reference to the debt restructuring 
agreements and the schemes of arrangements;

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
f) 
if within six months from the start of the proceeding the relevant debtor does not adopt appropriate 
measures to overcome the crisis (including entering into agreements with creditors or filing a debt 
restructuring agreement in court or applying for an in-court composition with creditors), the Committee 
report the state of insolvency, (if any) to the Public Prosecutor (who will be able to file for bankruptcy 
where the conditions are met). 
Finally, in order to encourage the use of Preemptive Proceedings, the Law provides for a system of incentives 
and penalties: 
- Incentives:  
1. 
for debtors who have taken action to overcome the crisis within 6 months from the first sign of its 
occurrence (using the assistance of the Committee or the proceedings for the approval of a debt 
restructuring agreement under article 182bis of the Bankruptcy Law, or a scheme of arrangement with 
creditors): (a) there will no penalty for bankruptcy as a result of fund distraction crimes and other 
bankruptcy offences when they have caused minor damage; (b) the action will be regarded as a mitigating 
circumstance with special effect for any other crimes and (c) a reduction of interest payable and penalties 
on tax debt;  
2. 
for statutory auditors who immediately report to the directors well-grounded indications of a crisis and, in 
the event of inaction, inform the Committee: exemption from joint liability with the company directors for 
any damages resulting from events or omissions following their report; 
- Penalties: 
for qualified public creditors: loss of their priority in payment over their debt in case of failure to report to the 
supervisory entities and the Committee the persisting default on obligations of a significant amount by the 
relevant insolvent debtor. 
Debt restructuring agreements pursuant to article 182bis of Bankruptcy Law and certified plans under article 
67(3)(d) of the Bankruptcy Law 
The amendments introduced by the Delegated Legislation aim to encourage the use of debt restructuring 
agreements under article 182bis of the Bankruptcy Law (the “182bis Agreements”). 
As for the certified plans under article 67(3)(d) of the Bankruptcy Law (the “Certified Plans”), the legislator 
has considered necessary to regulate more specifically their content in order to limit the possibility that these 
are drafted loosely. 
Starting from the 182bis Agreements, the Delegated Legislation provides as follows: 
a) 
extended application of the cram down: possibility to apply the “cram down” model envisaged in the 
case of arrangements with banks and financial intermediaries under article 182septies of the Bankruptcy 
Law to all debt restructuring agreements and moratorium agreement which do not provide for liquidation: 
this means that, once the creditors have been assigned to homogeneous classes based on their 
economic and legal position, a company may bind all creditors belonging to a certain class to complying 
with agreements approved by at least 75% of creditors belonging to the relevant class provided that 
they have been informed of the opening of negotiations and have been enabled to participate to the 
resolution;  
b) 
reduction of the required quorum: reduction of the 60% quorum currently required by law for the use of 
such measure to 30% provided that: (a) the debtor pays creditors not adhering to the plan as their debts 
become due and (b) does not request protection from enforcement proceedings (see letter (c) below);  
c) 
extension of protection: application of a debt moratorium starting from the opening and until the end of 
the proceedings (as of the day of this Base Prospectus it applies for only 60 days starting from the 
opening);

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
d) 
extension to members with unlimited liability: extension of the effects of the agreement to members with 
unlimited liability. 
As for the certified plans, the Law merely requires that they must be in writing, bear certain date and the content 
is precisely determined. 
Schemes of Arrangement  
The Law provides for a reorganisation of the provisions on the schemes of arrangement with creditors in order 
to preserve business continuity and simplify proceedings. More specifically, the Delegated Legislation provides 
as follows:  
a) 
marginalisation of schemes of arrangement providing for liquidation: schemes of arrangements with 
liquidation are only possible where: (i) there is a contribution of external resources which appreciably 
increases payments in favours of unsecured creditors for at least 10% and, in any case, (ii) a minimum 
payment of 20% of the total amount of unsecured claims is envisaged;  
b) 
extending the powers of the relevant bankruptcy Court: the Court has the power to assess not only the 
legal but also the economic feasibility of a scheme of arrangement (this is a step back in respect of the 
“private” nature of the 2015 reform as well as of the same indications received from the Joint Sections 
of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite) that will not contribute to the success 
of the provision);  
c) 
qualified majorities: a majority is required not only based on the amount of debt owed but also based on 
the number of voting creditors if a single creditor holds unsecured debt for an amount equal to or higher 
than the majority of those eligible to vote; furthermore, the Delegated Legislation calls for a specific 
regulation on conflict of interest situations. Such choice will make it difficult to carry out typical investment 
operations involving the purchase of receivables from distressed/insolvent companies in order to then 
“control” and approve the relevant scheme of arrangement proposal;  
d) 
the definition of a scheme of arrangement in continuity and deferment of privileged claims: it is clarified 
that a scheme of arrangement in continuity refers to both mixed schemes of arrangements (continuity 
plus disposal of non-instrumental assets); furthermore, payment of privileged creditors may be 
postponed up for to two years, provided that the creditors are granted voting rights;  
e) 
super senior loans authorized by the court: super senior status of the loan would be confirmed during 
the proceedings and by way of execution of the plan; super senior loans are no longer permitted;  
f) 
mandatory classification of creditors: creditors must necessarily be divided into classes if there are, 
among others, creditors assisted by third-party guarantees (and in other cases where there are 
homogeneous legal positions and economic interests that are to be identified by the Government);  
g) 
electronic vote: the meeting of creditors is replaced by an electronic voting procedure; 
h) 
provisional administration: in the event of obstruction by the debtor, the Court may entrust the 
implementation of the scheme of arrangement to a provisional administrator entrusted with powers 
usually belonging to a creditors' meeting (this power is currently only provided if a competing proposal 
is accepted); 
i) 
termination of the scheme arrangement by the receiver: the receiver has the power to require, following 
the request from a creditor, that the scheme of arrangement be terminated, inter alia, for non-
performance (currently, such right is recognised only to creditors); 
j) 
mergers/demergers/transformations: in the case of extraordinary transactions (mergers, demergers and 
transformations), (i) the creditors' opposition is exercised in the context of the schemes of arrangement; 
(ii) the effects of extraordinary transactions are irreversible once executed; (iii) the right of withdrawal of 
shareholders is excluded in the presence of transactions affecting on the organization or financial 
structure of the company.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
Judicial liquidation  
Under the Delegated Legislation bankruptcy is defined as “judicial liquidation”, and aims at standardising and 
simplifying the relevant proceedings which now becomes residual if a restructuring proceedings on a going 
concern basis is possible (and reasonably achievable). Some of the most important changes are the following:  
a) 
assignment of assets to creditors: the participation of creditors in the auctions of the debtors' assets is 
facilitated (however, certain aspects of the Delegated Legislation are not very clear on this point); to this 
end, a body is established which certifies “the reasonable probability of satisfaction of the debts incurred 
in respect of each proceeding” and which issues to the creditors who so request a debt certificate 
enabling them to participate to the relevant auction "in proportion to the probability of satisfaction of their 
credit"; the provision is presumably aiming at giving to the creditors the option to request the assignment 
of the debtor's assets and pay by means of their debt certificates as endorsed by the certifying body; in 
fact the law provides for the appointment of a “settlement and central counterparty system operator” 
which it is presumed to oversee such operations; the relevant proceedings however remain regulated;  
b) 
one type of proceedings: judicial liquidation applies to every category of debtors (e.g. limited liability 
companies, individuals, professionals) with the sole exclusion of public entities;  
c) 
efficiency of the proceedings: a number of further actions are planned in order to reduce the duration 
and cost of the procedure and make more effective and transparent the receiver’s activity as well as the 
process of determining the bankruptcy estate’s liabilities.  
Finally, the Delegated Legislation also provides for some further measures intended to reorder and simplify 
over-indebtedness proceedings by prioritising business continuity and ensuring the competitiveness of asset 
sale auctions. 
On 14 February 2019, the Legislative Decree No. 14 of 12 January 2019, which enacts the above provisions 
set out under the Delegated Legislation, has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and 
will enter into force on 15 August 2020 except for certain provisions relating to corporate organzation and 
director liabilities that entered into force as of 16 March 2019. 
Regulatory Capital Framework 
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee") in 2006 (the "Basel II Framework") has not been fully implemented in all participating countries. 
The implementation of the framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Notes for 
investors who are or may become subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. 
It should also be noted that the Basel Committee has approved significant changes to the Basel II. 
Framework (such changes being commonly referred to as "Basel III"), including new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions. In particular, the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base 
held by credit institutions, measures to strengthen the capital requirements for counterparty credit exposures 
arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term 
standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" and the "Net Stable Funding 
Ratio").  
The Basel Committee has also published certain proposed revisions to the securitisation framework, including 
proposed new hierarchies of approaches for calculating risk weights and a new risk weight floor of 15%. 
Participating countries have been required to fully implement the new capital standards as of January 2019) 
and the Net Stable Funding Ratio from January 2018. The implementation of Basel III requires national 
legislation and therefore the final rules and the timetable for their implementation in each jurisdiction may be 
subject to some level of national variation. The European authorities have indicated that they support the work 
of the Basel Committee on the approved changes in general and the European Commission proposed to 
implement the changes through the CRD IV and the CRR (as defined below). It should also be noted that 
changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework in Europe. The changes may 
have an impact on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the 
revised framework and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes. 
The Basel III framework has been substantially reflected in the EU legislation by means of the agreed package 
consisting of the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU, also known as “CRD IV”) and Capital 
Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, also known as “CRR”), the latter being directly 
applicable in each Member State. The adoption of these measures will allow the set-up of a Single Rule book 
which is the key tool in the EU to allow a level playing field, to contrast regulatory arbitrage and foster the 
convergence of supervisory practices. The CRD IV and the CRR were formally adopted by the European 
Council on 20 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal on 27 June 2013. The CRR entered into 
application on 1 January 2014. The CRD IV has been implemented in Italy through the Bank of Italy Circular 
No. 285 issued on 17 December 2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and Legislative 
Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015 entering into force on 27 June 2015 that transposes in Italy those provisions of 
the CRD IV which were not implemented by means of the aforesaid Bank of Italy Circular. In addition, certain 
EU regulations provide for certain retention and due diligence requirements which shall be applied, or are 
expected to be applied in the future, with respect to various types of regulated investors (including, inter alia, 
credit institutions, investment firms or other financial institutions, authorised alternative investment fund 
managers, insurance and reinsurance companies and UCITS funds) who intend to invest in a securitisation 
transaction. Among other things, such requirements restrict a relevant investor from investing in asset-backed 
securities unless (i) that relevant investor is able to demonstrate that it has undertaken certain due diligence 
in respect of various matters including its note position, the underlying assets and (in the case of certain types 
of investors) the relevant sponsor or originator and (ii) the originator, sponsor or original lender in respect of 
the relevant securitisation has explicitly disclosed to the investor that it will retain, on an on-going basis, a net 
economic interest of not less than 5 (five) per cent in respect of certain specified credit risk tranches or asset 
exposures. Failure to comply with one or more of the requirements may result in various penalties including, 
in the case of those investors subject to regulatory capital requirements, the imposition of a proportional 
additional risk weight on the notes acquired by the relevant investor. The retention and due diligence 
requirements hereby described apply, or are expected to apply, in respect of the Notes. 
Accounting treatment of the Receivables 
On the basis of the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 13 March 2012, which should apply to the drafting 
of the financial statements of the Issuer, the accounting information relating to the securitisation of the 
Receivables will be contained in the Issuer's nota integrativa, which, together with the balance sheet and the 
profit and loss statements form part of the financial statements of Italian companies. 
No severe clawback provisions  
The Italian insolvency laws do not contain severe clawback provisions within the meaning of articles 20(2) and 
20(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the EBA Guidelines on STS Criteria.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
TAXATION 
SECTION UNDER TAX DEPARTMENT REVIEW 
The following is a general description of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax 
aspects concerning the purchase, ownership and the disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax issues that may be relevant to the prospective investors' decision to purchase 
or own the Notes or the noteholders' decision to dispose of the same and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investor or prospective beneficial owners of the 
Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules. The following overview does not discuss the 
treatment of Notes that are held in connection with a permanent establishment or fixed base through 
which a non-Italian resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs professional services in 
Italy. 
This overview is based upon tax laws and practice of Italy in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus 
which are subject to change, potentially retroactively. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular 
the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. This overview will not be updated by the Issuer after the 
date of this Base Prospectus to reflect changes in laws after the date of this Base Prospectus and, if such 
a change occurs, the information in this could become invalid. 
Income tax 
Under current legislation, pursuant to the provision of article 6, paragraph 1, of the Securitisation Law 
and of Decree 239, as amended, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the Notes 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest"): 
(a) 
will be subject to final substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) at the rate of 26 per cent. in Italy if made 
to beneficial owners who are: (i) individuals resident in Italy for tax purposes holding Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activity; (ii) Italian resident partnerships (other than società in 
nome collettivo, società in accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships 
not carrying out commercial activities and professional associations; (iii) Italian resident public 
and private entities, other than companies, not carrying out commercial activities as their only or 
main purpose; (iv) Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax; and (v) non-Italian 
resident entities or persons without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, which are not eligible for the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva and/or 
do not timely comply with the requirements set forth in Decree 239 and the relevant application 
rules in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva (in each case unless the 
relevant Noteholder has entrusted the management of its financial assets, including the Notes, to 
an authorised intermediary and has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime according to article 7 
of Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997 - the "Asset Management Option"). As 
to non-Italian resident beneficial owners, imposta sostitutiva may apply at lower or nil rate under 
double taxation treaties entered into by Italy, where applicable. 
The 26 per cent. final imposta sostitutiva (or, in certain cases, for treaty covered non-Italian 
resident beneficial owners, the lower rate provided for by the relevant applicable double tax treaty) 
will be generally applied by the Italian resident qualified financial intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) that will intervene, in any way, in the collection 
of Interest on the Notes or in the transfer of the Notes (the "Intermediaries" and each an 
"Intermediary").

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
In case the Notes are held by Noteholders mentioned above under (i) to (iii) that are engaged in 
a business activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional tax and may be deducted from the income tax due by the Noteholders; 
(b) 
will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to investors who 
are: (i) Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non-resident 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident collective investment 
funds, Italian SICAVs, Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided for by article 
17, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 5 December 2005, No. 252, Italian resident real estate 
investment funds and Italian resident SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply; (iii) Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including 
the Notes, to an Italian authorised financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Option; and (iv) according to Decree 239, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of 
the Notes or institutional investors, even though not subject to taxation, with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
1. such beneficial owners or institutional investors are respectively resident for tax purposes 
or established in a country included in the list of States which recognise the Italian fiscal 
authorities' right to an adequate exchange of information, so-called "White List States" 
(the present list of the countries allowing an adequate exchange of information is that 
contained in the Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented. Such Decree might be updated or amended from time to time 
pursuant to article 11 of Decree 239), and 
2. all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant application 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are timely met and complied with. 
Decree 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest 
in respect of the Notes made to (i) international bodies and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy, and (ii) Central Banks or entities, managing, inter alia, also the 
official State reserves. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of imposta sostitutiva, 
investors indicated above sub-paragraph (b) must (i) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on 
the Notes or certain non-Italian resident institutional investors; (ii) timely deposit the Notes together with 
the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with an Intermediary or with a non-Italian resident 
entity participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via telematic link, 
with the Ministry of Economics; and (iii) in the event of non-Italian resident beneficial owners or 
institutional investors being holders of the Notes, according to Decree 239, timely file with the relevant 
depository a self-declaration stating to be resident for tax purposes or established in a country which 
recognises the Italian fiscal authorities' right to an adequate exchange of information included among the 
White List States (for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors certain additional 
declarations should also be made). Such self-declaration – which is not requested for international bodies 
and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central 
Banks or entities managing also official State reserves – must comply with the requirements set forth by 
Italian Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked and must not be 
submitted in case that a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was 
previously submitted to the same depository. 
Italian resident Noteholders holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of the Notes to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Option are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax (the "Asset Management Tax") 
on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
would include any Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). The Asset Management Tax 
is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the substitutive tax, on Interest if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) structured as collective investment undertaking that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 ("2017 
Budget Law") in which the above mentioned Italian resident individuals invest. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for the 
purposes of regional tax on productive activities - IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident 
corporations and permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident collective investment funds (which include open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, 
a SICAV or a SICAF and so-called Luxembourg investment funds regulated by article 11-bis of Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 – collectively, the "Funds") are not subject to income tax. A 
substitute tax of 26 per cent. is levied, in certain circumstances, to distribution made by the Funds in 
favour of certain categories of unit holders or shareholders. 
Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime set forth by article 17, paragraph 2, of Legislative 
Decree 5 December 2005, No. 252 (the "Pension Funds") are subject to a 20 per cent. annual 
substitutive tax (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the 
end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding 
period). 
Where the Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or SICAF (collectively, the "Real 
Estate Funds"), interest and other proceeds in respect of the Notes are subject to neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. A withholding tax may apply 
in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent on distributions made by Italian Real Estate 
Funds. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva 
is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the Issuer and 
Noteholders who are Italian resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the imposta sostitutiva 
suffered from income taxes due by them. 
Capital gains tax 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be treated as 
part of the taxable business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value 
of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax provisions, if derived 
by Noteholders who are: 
(a) Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities; 
(b) Italian resident commercial partnerships; 
(c) permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected; or

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
(d) Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity, as to any capital gains realised 
within the scope of the commercial activity carried out. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree 461"), any capital gain 
realised by Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity and 
certain other persons upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an 
imposta sostitutiva (substitute tax) at the current rate of 26 per cent.. Under the tax declaration regime 
(regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity, imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the 
same nature, realised by Italian resident individual noteholders holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of Notes carried out during any given fiscal year. Italian 
resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity must report overall 
capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the 
annual tax declaration to be filed with the Italian tax authorities for such year and pay imposta sostitutiva 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four succeeding 
tax years.   
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual noteholders holding the Notes 
not in connection with entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva separately 
on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the "Risparmio Amministrato" 
regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with 
Italian banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIM) or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, the financial intermediary is responsible 
for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at revocation of its mandate), net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian fiscal 
authorities on behalf of the taxpayer. Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, where a sale or 
redemption of the Notes results in capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the same 
kind subsequently realised within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth. Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare capital gains in its annual tax declaration and remains anonymous. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have elected for the Asset Management Option will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to the Asset Management Tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Under the Asset Management Option, any depreciation of the managed assets 
accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in 
any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Asset Management Option, the Noteholder is not required 
to report capital gains realised in its annual tax declaration and remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the substitutive tax, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
structured as collective investment undertaking that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-
114) of 2017 Budget Law. 
Any capital gains realised by Noteholders who are Italian resident Funds are not subject to income tax.  
A substitute tax of 26 per cent. is levied, in certain circumstances, to distribution made by the Funds in 
favour of certain categories of unit holders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Any capital gains realised by Noteholders who are Italian resident Pension Funds, will be included in the 
computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by Noteholders who are Real Estate Funds and Italian resident SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply are not subject to 
any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund. A withholding tax 
at a rate of up to 26 per cent. will be applied under certain circumstances on income realised by the 
participants to the Real Estate Fund on distributions or redemption of the Fund’s units (where the item of 
income realised by the participants may include the capital gains on the Notes). 
The 26 per cent. final imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on 
capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident 
individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes 
are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or 
abroad and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-
declaration not to be resident in Italy for tax purposes), even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless 
of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
In case the Notes are held in Italy but are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(i) pursuant to the provisions of article 5 of Decree 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the 
Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are 
exempt from imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised, upon sale for consideration 
or redemption of the Notes, if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which recognises 
the Italian fiscal authorities' right to an adequate exchange of information (included among the 
White List States, as defined above). 
Exemption from Italian imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon disposal of Notes not 
listed on a regulated market also applies to non-Italian residents who are (a) international bodies 
and organizations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; (b) 
certain foreign institutional investors, even though not subject to income tax or to other similar 
taxes, established in countries which allow an adequate exchange of information with Italy 
included among the White List States and (c) Central Banks or other entities, managing also 
official State reserves. 
In such cases, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and 
elect for the Asset Management Option or are subject to the Risparmio Amministrato regime, in 
order to benefit from exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains such non-Italian residents 
may be required to timely file with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated above. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders that are institutional investors; 
(ii) in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with 
Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only 
in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on 
any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
In such case, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect for

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
the Asset Management Option or are subject to the Risparmio Amministrato regime, in order to 
benefit from exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains such non-Italian residents may be 
required to file in time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which 
include inter alia a certificate of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of 
residence of the non-Italian residents. 
The Risparmio Amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-
resident persons and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or administration at 
Italian banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident noteholders retain the right to 
waive this regime. Such waiver may also be exercised by non-resident intermediaries in respect 
of safekeeping, administration and deposit accounts held in their names in which third parties' 
financial assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift tax would be payable in Italy at the following rates on the transfer of the Notes by 
reason of death or donation, regardless of whether or not the Notes are held outside of Italy, if the 
deceased person or the donor were either resident or non-resident in Italy for tax purposes at the time of 
death or gift: 
- 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, 
the transfer is subject to tax on the value of the entire inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 
1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
- 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to 
tax on the value of the entire inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
- 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by 
direct affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; 
- 
8 per cent in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value of the 
entire inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 1,500,000.00 for each beneficiary. 
Transfer tax 
The transfer of the Notes is not subject to any transfer tax in Italy. The transfer deed may be subject to 
Italian registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds executed in Italy are subject to 
fixed registration tax at a fixed amount of Euro 200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax at 
a rate of Euro 200.00 due only in case of use or voluntary registration or if the so called caso d’uso or 
enunciazione occurs. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a proportional stamp 
duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 0.2 per 
cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty can be no lower 
than Euro 34.20. If the client is not an individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than Euro 14,000.00. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax the current rate of 0.2 per cent.. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Italian Law No. 227 of 4 August 
1990, as amended, individuals resident in Italy who, during the fiscal year, hold (or are beneficial owners, 
as defined for anti-money laundering purposes, of) investments abroad or have financial activities abroad 
must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities 
in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed 
within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return).  
This obligation does not exist in case the financial assets are given in administration or management to 
Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of the 
mentioned Decree 167, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, 
provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected through the intervention of such an 
intermediary.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Series Subscription Agreements 
On or about the Issue Date of each Series of Notes, the Issuer, the relevant Subscribers and the 
Representative of the Noteholders will enter into a Series Subscription Agreement under the relevant 
Transaction pursuant to which, inter alia: 
(a) 
the Issuer will undertake to the relevant Subscribers that, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Series Subscription Agreement, the relevant Series of Notes will be issued on 
the relevant Issue Date; and  
(b) 
the relevant Subscribers will undertake to the Issuer that, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Series Subscription Agreement, on the Issue Date it will subscribe the relevant 
Series of Notes and pay the Issue Price thereof in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Series Subscription Agreement.  
In particular, pursuant to the relevant Series Subscription Agreement, the relevant Subscriber shall pay 
the Issue Price of the Notes of the relevant Series to the Issuer on the relevant Issue Date as specified 
in the Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
Each Series Subscription Agreement is subject to a number of conditions and may be terminated by the 
relevant Subscriber in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer of the Issue Price for the 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
The Junior Notes Conditions 
Except for Junior Notes Conditions relating to the interest payable on the Junior Notes and the early 
redemption of the Junior Notes through the disposal of the Portfolio purchased in the context of the 
relevant Transaction following full redemption of the Rated Notes of the relevant Series, the Junior Notes 
Conditions are the same, mutatis mutandis, as the Rated Notes Conditions. 
Under the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes Conditions, with reference to each Transaction, 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payment in respect of the relevant Class B Notes (if any) are 
subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the relevant Class A Notes, 
the Other Issuer Creditors and the other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments and the obligations of the Issuer to make payment in respect of the relevant Class J Notes 
are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the relevant Class B 
Notes (if any). Therefore, in case of losses by the Issuer, if the Issuer is not able to fulfil in full its 
obligations in respect of all its creditors, the Class J Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders of the 
relevant Series will be respectively the first and the second creditors to bear any shortfall. 
GENERAL RESTRICTIONS 
The purchase, offer, sale and delivery of the Notes shall be made in compliance with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each jurisdiction in which the Notes are purchased, offered, sold or delivered. 
Furthermore, there will not be, directly or indirectly, offer, sale or delivery of any Notes or distribution or 
publication of any Base Prospectus, form of application, offering circular (including this Base Prospectus), 
advertisement or other offering material in or from any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Unless otherwise herein provided, 
no action will be taken to obtain permission for public offering of the Notes in any country where action 
would be required for such purpose. 
United States of America

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Rated Notes within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act unless such offer or sale is pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws. 
Italy 
The offer of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) ("Qualified Investors"), as defined under Article 34-
ter, paragraph 1, letter b) of Regulation No. 11971 issued by CONSOB (the Italian Securities 
Exchange Commission) on 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Regulation 11971/1999"); or 
(b) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the 
public pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, of Regulation 11971/1999. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended;  
(ii) 
in compliance with article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or other Italian authority. 
In accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, if any of the Notes have been initially 
placed pursuant to an exemption from the rules on public offerings under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, 
the subsequent distribution of such Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance 
with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971, if no exemption under paragraphs (a) and (b) above applies. In particular, if any 
of the Securities are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the 
following 12 months are then regularly (sistematicamente) resold on the secondary market in Italy to non-
qualified investors, if no exemption under paragraph (b) above apply, such resale becomes subject to the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being 
declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary selling the Notes for any damages suffered 
by such non-qualified investors. 
United Kingdom

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
(i) 
Financial promotion: any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received 
by the Noteholder in connection with the issue or sale of such Notes has only been 
communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be 
communicated in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(ii) 
general compliance: there has been and there will be compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the FSMA with respect to anything done by the Noteholder in relation to such Junior Notes in, 
from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
(b) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each of the Subscribers under the Series Subscription Agreements will represent, warrant and agree that 
it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to list on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit to 
trading the Rated Notes on its regulated market, which is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Market in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU. In connection with the listing application, the 
constitutional documents of the Issuer and a legal notice relating to the issue of the Rated Notes, will be 
deposited prior to listing with the Listing Agent and the Representative of the Noteholders, where such 
documents will be available for inspection and where copies thereof may be obtained upon request. By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier does not assume 
any responsibility as to the economic or financial soundness of the Programme described in this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Italy in connection with 
the establishment and the update of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Quotaholders' Meeting of the Issuer passed on 28 June 2017 and the 
update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Quotaholders' Meeting of the Issuer 
passed on 10 June 2022. 
No material litigation 
There have been no governmental, litigation or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or 
any of its assets or revenues in the last twelve months, nor is the Issuer aware of any pending or 
threatened proceedings of such kind, which are or might be material, which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability. 
No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial or position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021.  
Issuer’s accounts 
The Issuer will produce proper accounts (ordinaria contabilità interna) and audited financial statements 
in respect of each financial year and will not produce interim financial statements. So long as any of the 
Rated Notes remain outstanding, copies of these documents will be promptly deposited after their 
approval at the registered office of the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders, where such 
documents will be available for inspection and where copies of such documents may be obtained free of 
charge upon request during usual business hours.  
The auditors of the Issuer is EY S.p.A., who are registered in the special register (albo speciale) 
maintained by Consob and set out under Article 161 of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act and under 
No. 19644 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei revisori contabili) in compliance with the 
provisions of Legislative Decree No. 88 of January 27 1992. EY S.p.A.’s registered office is in Rome, Via 
Lombardia 31. EY S.p.A. will audit the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in Italy for each of the financial years ending on 31 December of each year from 2020 to 2028.  
Clearing systems 
With reference to each Series of Notes, the Notes will be cleared through Monte Titoli by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Monte Titoli will act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Common Codes, the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) and (where

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Class of Notes of 
each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The mailing addresses for Clearstream and Euroclear are the following: 
EUROCLEAR BANK SA 
CLEARSTREAM 
1, blvd du Roi Albert II 
42, blvd Kennedy 
1210 BRUSSELS 
L-2967 LUXEMBOURG 
Documents available for inspection 
Copies of the following documents will be available (i), in physical form, for inspection during usual office 
hours on any weekday at the Specified Offices of the Representative of the Noteholders and the 
Corporate Servicer until the Programme Maturity Date and (ii), a copy of such documentation, within 15 
days of the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes, on the website of European DataWarehouse 
(being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/).: 
(i) 
the by-laws (statuto) and the deed of incorporation (atto costitutivo) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
copies of the following documents: 
• 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
• 
Programme Servicing Agreement; 
• 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement; 
• 
Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement; 
• 
Programme Intercreditor Agreement; 
• 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
• 
Mandate Agreement; 
• 
Quotaholder's Agreement;  
• 
Corporate Services Agreement;  
• 
Series Documents relating to any Transaction, including the relevant Final Terms; 
• 
this Base Prospectus;  
• 
the relevant STS Notification; 
• 
the 2020 Financial Statements of the Issuer; 
• 
the 2021 Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
The documents listed under paragraphs (ii) above constitute all the underlying documentsthat are 
essential for understanding each Transaction and include, but not limited to, each of the documents 
referred to in point (b) of the first subparagraph of article 7, paragraph 1, of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus will be also available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website www.bourse.lu 
(for the avoidance of doubt, such website does not constitute part of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
Pre-pricing information 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, IBL Banca has confirmed that it will make available to potential 
investors in the Notes before pricing on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/) the information and documents under point (a) of 
article 7, paragraph 1 of the EU Securitisation Regulation upon request and the information and 
documents under points (b) and (d) of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation in draft form, and 
(ii) as Originator, it will be, before pricing, in possession of the data relating to each Loan (and therefore 
it has not requested to receive the information under point (a) of the first subparagraph of article 7(1) of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation) and of the information and documents under points (b) and (d) of the 
first subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Moreover, IBL Banca has confirmed that (i) it will make available to potential investors in the Notes of the 
relevant Series before pricing, on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/), data on static and dynamic historical default and loss 
performance, such as delinquency and default data, for substantially similar exposures to those being 
securitised, and the sources of those data and the basis for claiming similarity, provided that such data 
cover a period of at least 5 (five) years, and (ii) as Originator, it will be in possession, before pricing, of 
data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, such as delinquency and default data 
for substantially similar exposures to those being securitised, and the sources of those data and the basis 
for claiming similarity, provided that such data cover a period of at least 5 (five) years.  
 
In addition, IBL Banca has confirmed that (i) it will make available to potential investors in the Notes of 
the relevant Series before pricing, on the platform IntexCALC (being, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, www.intex.com), all the information related to the relevant Portfolio and the relevant 
Transaction in order to allow investors to run a liability cash flow which precisely represents the 
contractual relationship between the Receivables and the payments flowing between the Originator, the 
investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer, and (ii) as Originator, it has been in possession, 
before pricing, of a liability cash flow model which precisely represents the contractual relationship 
between the Receivables and the payments flowing between the Originator, the investors in the Notes, 
other third parties and the Issuer.  
Post issuance reporting 
Pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, IBL has 
undertaken to make available to investors in the Notes, after pricing and on an ongoing basis and to 
potential investors in the Notes upon request, on the platform IntexCALC (being, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, www.intex.com), all the information related to the relevant portfolio in order to allow 
actual or potential investors to run a liability cash flow model (to be updated during the course of each 
Transaction) which precisely represents the contractual relationship between the Receivables and the 
payments flowing between the Originator, the investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer.  
With reference to each Transaction, so long as any of the Rated Notes of the relevant Series remains 
outstanding, copies of the relevant Payments Reports shall be made available for collection at the 
registered office of the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders on each relevant Calculation 
Date and on each date on which it is produced. In respect of each Transaction, the Payments Reports 
will be produced monthly and will contain details of amounts payable on the Payment Date to which it 
refers in accordance with the Priority of Payments, including the amount payable as principal and interest 
in respect of each Rated Note of the relevant Series. 
In addition, with reference to each Transaction, so long as any of the Rated Notes of the relevant Series 
remains outstanding, each relevant Investor Report will be made available to Noteholders of the relevant 
Series 
on 
a 
monthly 
basis 
via 
the 
Originator’s 
internet 
website 
currently 
located 
at 
www.iblbanca.it/investorrelations. The Investor Report will contain information on the amounts received

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
or collected in respect of the relevant Portfolio, the payments made on the Notes of the relevant Series 
with reference to the immediately preceding Interest Period, based on the information contained, 
respectively, in the Servicer's Report and in the Payments Report or in the Post Acceleration Payments 
Report, as the case may be, and any other information required by the Rating Agencies which are 
contained in the other reports prepared by the Agents of the Issuer in respect of such Transaction. It is 
not intended that Investor Report will be made available in any other format. The Originator’s website 
does not form part of the information provided for the purposes of this Base Prospectus and disclaimers 
may be posted with respect to the information posted thereon. Registration may be required for access 
to such website and persons wishing to access the website will be required to certify that they are 
Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
Moreover the Calculation Agent shall prepare the Sec Reg Investor Report and deliver it to the 
Originator who shall make it available, together with the Sec Reg Asset Level Report prepared by it 
to the investors in the Notes by publishing them on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/) and the Originator shall prepare and 
deliver to the investors in the Notes without undue delay the Inside Information Report and the 
Significant Event Report, in compliance with points (f) and (g) respectively of the first subparagraph 
of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and make them available to the investors in the 
Notes without undue delay by publishing it on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
Finally, IBL Banca has confirmed that it shall fulfil without delay after the relevant Issue Date of each 
Series, the reporting requirements pursuant to points (a), (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of the first 
subparagraph of article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation by making available the relevant 
information on the website of European DataWarehouse (being, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, https://editor.eurodw.eu/). 
Transparency requirements under the EU Securitisation Regulation 
Under the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the parties thereto have acknowledged that the Originator 
shall be responsible for compliance with article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Conflicts of interest 
Conflicts of interest may potentially exist or may arise as a consequence of the various group companies 
having different roles in this transaction. For further details see section "General Risk Factors – Potential 
Conflict of Interests" above. 
Subscribers transacting with the Issuer and the Originator 
Certain of the Subscribers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
advisory, financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services to, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, certain of the Subscribers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
Issuer and Originator’s affiliates. Certain of the Subscribers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and/or the Originators and their respective affiliates routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Subscribers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. Certain of the Subscribers and their affiliates may

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph 
the term “affiliates” includes parent companies. 
Home Member State for the purpose of the Transparency Directive 
The Issuer has elected the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as Home Member State for the purpose of the 
Transparency Directive. 
Hyper-links to websites 
Other than the website mentioned under section "Documents incorporated by reference" below, any 
website included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 8156009FC13322D4B035. 
No Re-Securitisation or Synthetic Securitisation in relation to each Transaction  
Each Transaction is not a Re-Securitisation or a Synthetic Securitisation.  
STS status  
Even though it is expected that each Transaction under the Programme will be, prior to the relevant Issue 
Date of each Series of Notes, included in the list published by ESMA referred to in article 27, paragraph 
5, of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the STS status of a transaction is not static and investors should 
verify the current status of the transaction on ESMA’s website.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, and may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
and the Representative of the Noteholders: 
Documents 
Information contained 
Referenc
e Page 
Direct 
Hyperlink 
2021 Financial Statements  
- Sole Director’s Report on Operations 
- Balance Sheet 
- Income statement  
- Statement of the comprehensive income 
- Statement of changes in Quotaholders' Equity 
- Statement of cash flows 
- Notes to financial statements 
 
4-16 
17 
18 
18 
 
19 
20 
21-124  
http://dl.bourse.
lu/dlp/108f59ee
7caab94ca5af7
c42b129ac3bb
b  
Auditors’ report to the 2021 
Financial Statements 
- Auditors’ report on 2021 Financial Statements 
1-5 
http://dl.bourse.
lu/dlp/104e733
5debb244d2aa
19a09d48db78
a52  
2020 Financial Statements  
- Sole Director’s Report on Operations 
- Balance sheet  
- Income statement  
- Statement of the comprehensive income 
- Statement of changes in Quotaholders' Equity 
- Statement of cash flows 
- Notes to financial statements 
 
4-15 
16 
17 
17 
 
18 
19 
20-132 
http://dl.bourse.
lu/dlp/105f9ab3
fbe003427281
ea706380cd93
a6  
Auditors’ report to the 2020 
Financial Statements 
- Auditors’ report on 2020 Financial Statements 
1-5 
http://dl.bourse.
lu/dlp/10c93db
dac6e1b4ef4b2
8c4089047c18
e9  
 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will be also available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (https://www.bourse.lu/).

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
GLOSSARY 
"Acceptance" means the acceptance by the Issuer of each Transfer Agreement relating to a 
Portfolio to be transferred under the Programme, made pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the relevant report to be prepared and delivered by the Account 
Banks to the Issuer, the Corporate Servicer and the Calculation Agent, pursuant to the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Banks" means, collectively, the Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank and 
the Investment Account Bank (if any). 
"Accounting Cancellation" (storno) means, with reference to each Portfolio, the reconciliation 
of the payments received by the Employers/Pension Authority in respect to a Receivable made 
by IBL Banca after the Valuation Date of such Portfolio, following which it results that on such 
Valuation Date such Receivable had an Outstanding Principal higher than the one on the basis 
of which the relevant Individual Purchase Price was calculated. 
"Accrued Interest" means, on any given date and in relation to each Receivable included in a 
Portfolio, the portion of Interest Instalments accrued on such date but not yet due on such date 
pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
"Additional Remuneration" means, in respect of the Class J Notes of any Series, on any relevant 
Payment Date, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the relevant Series Available Funds as of such Payment Date; less 
(b) 
any and all amounts under items from First to Seventeenth (included) of the Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments, or from First to Fourteenth (included) of the Post 
Enforcement Priority of Payments, accrued under such items during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid). 
"Additional Reserve" means, in respect of each Transaction, a reserve created with a portion of 
the proceeds of the issue of the Class J Notes on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Series, 
to be applied in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Additional Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the 
name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of each 
Transaction. 
"Additional Reserve Amount" means, at any time, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Additional Reserve Account. 
"Additional Reserve Initial Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, the amount credited 
on the relevant Additional Reserve Account upon issuance of the relevant Series of Notes, out of 
the proceeds thereof, as specified in the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Additional Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the amount 
specified as such under the relevant Series CAMPA and set out in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
"Adjustment Purchase Price" means, with reference to a Receivable erroneously excluded from 
a Portfolio pursuant to clause 4.1.2 of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, an 
amount calculated according to clauses 4.3.1 and 4.3.2 thereof. 
"Agent" means each of the Collection Account Bank, the Transaction Bank, the Investment 
Account Bank (if any), the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, 
the Listing Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Back-up Calculation Agent, appointed pursuant 
to the Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and the Listing Agent 
Fee Letter. 
"Aggregate Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, with reference to each Series of 
Notes, in respect of any Payment Date, an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
A + B +J – CP – (LR + AR) 
where: 
A = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date (if any); 
J = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on the day following the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; 
CP = the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period;  
LR = the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount calculated with reference to the relevant Payment 
Date; And 
AR = the Additional Reserve Target Amount calculated with reference to the relevant Payment 
Date. 
"AIFMD" means Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
"AIFMR" means the Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013, supplementing the AIFMD, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time.  
"Alitalia Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the accounts (bilancio) 
of Alitalia – Società Aerea Italiana S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the latest approved 
accounts (ultimo bilancio approvato) of Alitalia – Società Aerea Italiana S.p.A.. 
"Amounts Not Pertaining to the Transaction" has the meaning ascribed to the term "Importi 
non relativi all'Operazione" under clause 6.3 of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Applicable Law" means any law or regulation including, but not limited to: (a) any domestic or 
foreign statute or regulation; (b) any rule or practice of any authority, stock exchange or self-
regulatory organisation with which the Agents are bound or accustomed to comply; and (c) any 
agreement entered into by the relevant Agent and any authority or between any two or more 
authorities. 
"Assigned Employer" means the Employer/Pension Authority which is the obligor under the 
Salary Assignment or the Payment Delegation (as the case may be) in respect of a Loan from

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
which the Receivables - transferred from IBL Banca to the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Transfer 
Agreement - have been originated. 
"Authority" means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction, domestic or foreign. 
"Average Outstanding Principal" means, in respect of each Transaction, the arithmetic mean 
of (i) the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due at the beginning of a Collection Period and 
(ii) the Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due at the end of such Collection Period. 
"Back-up Calculation Agent" means Zenith Service S.p.A. and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Back-Up Collection Account" means a euro denominated bank account to be established in 
the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of 
each Transaction.  
"Back-up Servicer" means Zenith Service S.p.A. and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means the Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Base Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme constituting a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as revised, supplemented or amended from time to time by the Issuer, also 
constituting a prospetto informativo for the purposes of article 2, paragraph 3 of the Securitisation 
Law. 
"BMR” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
"BoI Supervision Guidelines" means the Istruzioni di Vigilanza per le banche issued by the Bank 
of Italy with Circular No. 229 of 21 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Business Day" means any day (other than Saturday and Sunday) on which the banks are 
opened for ordinary business in Rome, Milan, and London and on which the TARGET2 (or any 
successor thereto) is open. 
"Calculation Agent" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Calculation Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, the date falling 4 Business Days after 
each Servicer’s Report Date. 
"Cancellation Date" means, in respect of the Notes of any Series, the earlier of (a) the date on 
which all Notes of such Series have been redeemed in full or (b) the date on which (i) the 
Representative of the Noteholders has certified to the Issuer that the Collections in respect of all 
the Receivables comprised in the relevant Portfolio have been collected and that all judicial 
enforcement procedures in respect of such Portfolio have been exhausted or (ii) the Receivables 
comprised in the relevant Portfolio have been sold and the relevant proceeds have been received 
and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments, at which date any amount 
outstanding, whether in respect of interest or principal in respect of the Notes of such Series, shall 
be finally and definitively cancelled.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
"Cash Manager" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance with 
the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cash Manager Report" means the report (if any) to be prepared and delivered by the Cash 
Manager in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Cash Manager Report Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, the date falling three 
Business Days after each relevant Servicer's Report Date. 
"Cash Trapping Condition" means, in respect of each Transaction, until the Rated Notes of the 
Series issued under such Transactions have been redeemed in full, the condition that will be 
deemed to be satisfied with reference to each Calculation Date if, during the relevant Collection 
Period, the Cumulative Net Default Ratio is lower than 3% (three per cent.).  
"CDQ Loan" means each Loan assisted by a Salary Assignment. 
"Centrale dei Rischi" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Citi London" means Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
"Citi Milan" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch. 
"Class" shall be a reference to a class of Notes of any Series issued under the Programme being 
the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes (if any) or the Class J Notes and "Classes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Class A Noteholders" means the holders of the Class A Notes of any Series. 
"Class A Notes" means the class A limited recourse asset-backed notes in respect of any Series 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Class A Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class A Notes in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on the day 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class A Notes. 
"Class B Noteholders" means the holders of the Class B Notes of any Series. 
"Class B Notes" means the class B limited recourse asset-backed notes that may be issued by 
the Issuer in respect of a Series under the Programme, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for such Series. 
"Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class B Notes (if any) in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on the day

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less the Class A Notes Formula Redemption 
Amount for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class B Notes. 
"Class J Noteholders" means the holders of the Class J Notes of any Series. 
"Class J Notes" means the class J limited recourse asset-backed notes in respect of any Series 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Class J Notes Conditions" or "Junior Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of 
the Class J Notes. 
"Class J Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means, with respect to any Payment Date on 
which the Issuer has to make principal payments for the Class J Notes in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments: 
(i) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has not occurred, an amount equal to 
the lower of: (a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class J Notes on the day 
following the immediately preceding Payment Date; and (b) the Aggregate Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount for that Payment Date less (i) the Class A Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount and (ii) the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount (if 
applicable) for that Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the event that a Transaction Acceleration Event has occurred, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding in respect of the Class J Notes. 
"Clean Up Call Option" has the meaning ascribed to it under clause 14.2 of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Clean Up Option Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, any date in which the 
Outstanding Principal Due of the relevant Portfolio is equal to or lower than 10% of the 
Outstanding Principal Due of such Portfolio as of the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Co-Arrangers" or "Arrangers" means IBL Banca and UniCredit (each an "Arranger"). 
“Code of Business Crisis and Insolvency” means the new code of business crisis and 
insolvency approved by the Italian Parliament with Legge Delega No. 155/2017, on 12 January 
2019, pursuant to the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019, which sets out inter alia 
general rules applicable to the restructuring arrangements. 
"Collateral Account" means a euro denominated account which may be established, in respect 
of each Transaction, in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, in the name of the Issuer with a bank 
which shall be an Eligible Institution, in the event that amounts are to be posted by a Series Swap 
Counterparty as collateral pursuant to the relevant Series Swap Agreement, for the deposit of 
such amounts. 
"Collateral Amounts" means any amount which are to be posted by a Series Swap Counterparty 
as collateral pursuant to the relevant Series Swap Agreement (if any).

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
"Collateral Portfolio" means, on any given date, the aggregate of all outstanding Receivables 
comprised in the relevant Portfolio, other than any Defaulted Receivables as of that date and any 
Receivables in respect of which the Originator has made any indemnity payment or any Limited 
Recourse Loan pursuant to the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Collateral Portfolio Outstanding Principal Due" means, on any given date, the Outstanding 
Principal Due of the Collateral Portfolio as at such date. 
"Collateral Security" means, with reference to each Receivable included in any Portfolio 
purchased under the relevant Transaction, any pledge, guarantee, indemnity or other support 
agreement or security interest for the performance of such Receivable, including without limitation 
any Salary Assignment, Payment Delegation and/or Insurance Policy assisting the relevant Loan. 
"Collection Account" (or also "Collections Account") means a euro denominated account to 
be established in the name of the Issuer with the Collection Account Bank in accordance with the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each 
Transaction and the relevant Series CAMPA, provided that such definition will also include the 
relevant Back-Up Collection Account in the event provided for under clause 3.5.3 of the 
Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Account Bank" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means with reference to each Transaction, the date on which the Servicer 
makes the reconciliation of the relevant Collection in respect of each Receivable included in the 
Portfolio transferred under such Transaction. 
"Collection Period" means, with reference to each Transaction, each period which begins on the 
first calendar day (included) of each calendar month and ends, respectively, on the last calendar 
day (included) of such month, provided that the first Collection Period with respect to each Series 
shall begin on the relevant Valuation Date (excluded) and end on the last calendar day of the 
calendar month (included) on which the Issue Date of the relevant Series falls. 
"Collections" means, in respect of each Portfolio transferred to the Issuer, all amounts received 
by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer or any other person in respect of the Instalments due 
under the Receivables included in such Portfolio and any other amounts whatsoever received by 
the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer or any other person in respect of such Receivables, as 
of the relevant Collection Date. 
"Common Criteria" means the objective criteria for the selection of each Portfolio specified in 
annex 1 to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means, together, the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes Conditions and 
"Condition" means a condition of either of them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Consumer Code" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the Corporate Services Agreement.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement executed on 4 August 2017 between 
the Issuer and the Corporate Servicer, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“CRA3” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2015/3 of 30 September 2014.  
"CRA Regulation" means each of the EU CRA Regulation and UK CRA Regulation, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the summary of the procedures or manuals for the 
granting, collection and recovery of loans used by IBL Banca in respect of the Receivables, as 
attached under annex 1 to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means the criteria set out in annex 1 and annex 2 to the Programme Receivable 
Purchase Agreement, on the basis of which the Receivables which will be transferred under the 
Programme from time to time by the Originator, will be identified in pool (in blocco) pursuant to 
articles 1 and 4 of the Securitisation Law. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending the 
Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012 and amended by Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017. 
“CRR Assessment” means the assessment made by PCS in relation to compliance of the 
Transactions carried out under this Base Prospectus with the criteria set forth in the CRR 
regarding STS-securitisations. 
“CSSF” means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
"Cumulative Default Trigger" means 3% (three per cent.). 
"Cumulative Net Default Ratio" means, in relation to each Transaction and each respective 
Portfolio, the percentage, in respect of any Collection Period, equivalent of a fraction obtained by 
dividing: (1) (i) the sum of the Outstanding Principal Due as at the Default Date of all the 
Receivables which have been classified as Defaulted Receivables from the relevant Valuation 
Date up to the last day of the relevant Collection Period, less (ii) the aggregate amount of 
Recoveries received in respect of such Defaulted Receivables from the date in which the relevant 
Receivable has been classified into default up to the last day of the relevant Collection Period; by 
(2) the Outstanding Principal Due of the Portfolio as at the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Damage" means, indistinctively, a Job Damage or a Life Damage. 
“DBRS” means (i) for the purpose of identifying which DBRS entity which has assigned the credit 
rating to the Rated Notes, DBRS Ratings GmbH and any successor to this rating activity, and (ii) 
in any other case, any entity that is part of DBRS Morningstar, which is either registered or not 
under the EU CRA Regulation, as it appears from the last the last available list published by 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on the ESMA website, or any other applicable 
regulation.; 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means the DBRS rating equivalent of any of the below ratings by 
Fitch, Moody’s or S&P: 
DBRS 
Moody’s 
S&P 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
CC 
C 
C 
D 
D 
 
"DBRS Minimum Rating" means:  
(a) if a Fitch long term public rating, a Moody’s long term public rating and an S&P long term 
public rating (each, a Public Long Term Rating) are all available at such date, the DBRS Minimum 
Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long Term Rating remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest of such Public Long Term Ratings from such rating agencies 
(provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, 
then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below) (for this purpose, if more 
than one Public Long Term Rating has the same highest DBRS Equivalent Rating or the same 
lowest DBRS Equivalent Rating, then in each case one of such Public Long Term Ratings shall 
be so disregarded); (b) if the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined under (a) above, but 
Public Long Term Ratings by any two of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are available at such date, the 
DBRS Minimum Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of the lower of such Public Long Term 
Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the 
equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below); and (c) if the 
DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined under (a) and (b) above, but Public Long Term 
Ratings by any one of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are available at such date, then the DBRS

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
Minimum Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long Term Rating (provided 
that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the 
DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below). 
If at any time the DBRS Minimum Rating cannot be determined under subparagraphs (a) to (c) 
above, then a DBRS Minimum Rating of “C” shall apply at such time. 
"Debtor" means any individual person who entered into a Loan Agreement as principal debtor or 
guarantor or who is obliged for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Loan or 
who has assumed the Debtor's obligation under an accollo, or otherwise and which will qualify as 
obligor pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (UE) 980/2019. 
"Decree 180/1950" or "DPR 180/1950" means the Italian Presidential Decree No. 180 of 5 
January 1950, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 239 Deduction" means any withholding or deduction for or on account of "imposta 
sostitutiva" under Decree 239. 
"Default Date" means, with reference to the Defaulted Receivables deriving from Loans: (i) in 
respect of which there has been a delay in the payment of at least 8 Instalments, the last calendar 
day of the calendar month in which the Servicer has registered the last unpaid Instalment; (ii) 
which have been classified as defaulted (in sofferenza) by the Servicer, the last calendar day of 
the calendar month in which the Servicer has made such classification; (iii) in respect of which a 
Life Damage (Sinistro Vita) has occurred, the last calendar day of the calendar month in which 
the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the occurrence thereof; (iv) in respect 
of which a Job Damage (Sinistro Impiego) has occurred, the earlier of (a) the date in which the 
Insurance Company has paid in full the relevant Indemnity to the Issuer, and (b) the last calendar 
day of the third month following the month in which the date of notification of the relevant Job 
Damage to the Insurance Company by the Servicer falls. 
"Defaulted Receivables" means the Receivables deriving from Loans: (i) in respect of which 
there has been a delay in the payment of at least 8 Instalments; or (ii) which have been classified 
as defaulted (in sofferenza) by the Servicer; or (iii) in respect of which a Life Damage (Sinistro 
Vita) has occurred and the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the 
occurrence thereof; or (iv) in respect of which a Job Damage (Sinistro Impiego) has occurred and 
the Servicer has notified the relevant Insurance Company of the occurrence thereof and 3 (three) 
months have elapsed from the date of notification of the relevant Job Damage without the 
Insurance Company having paid in full the Indemnity to the Issuer nor the Servicer having 
registered a change of Employer/Pension Authority by the relevant Debtor. 
"Delinquent Receivables" means the Receivables (which are not Defaulted Receivables) 
deriving from Loans for which there has been a delay in the payment of at least 4 Instalments. 
"Determination Date" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme: 
(i) 
with respect to the Initial Interest Period, the day falling two Business Days prior to the 
relevant Issue Date of such Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable to 
such Series); and 
(ii) 
with respect to each subsequent Interest Period, the date falling two Business Days prior 
to the relevant Payment Date at the beginning of each Interest Period.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
"Documentation" has the meaning ascribed to "Documentazione" under the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"DP Loan" means each Loan assisted by a Payment Delegation. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligible Institution" means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state 
which is a member of the European Union or of the United States:  
a) 
with a "Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, in the event of a depository institution which 
does not have a long-term rating by Moody’s, a "P-2" short-term rating by Moody’s;  
b) 
whose long term rating debt obligations are rated at least BBB (high) from DBRS; and 
c) 
if rated by Scope, whose long-term and short term bank issuer ratings are rated at least, 
respectively, "BBB" and “S-2” by Scope, provided that a rating by Scope is (a) the public 
or subscription rating assigned by Scope or, if there is no public or subscription rating, (b) 
the private rating assigned by Scope or the internal credit assessment made by Scope, 
or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to time 
as would maintain the then current ratings of the Notes. 
For clarification, the DBRS rating is (a) the public rating assigned by DBRS or, if there is no public 
DBRS rating, then (b) the private rating assigned by DBRS. In the event of a depository institution 
which does not have a private rating nor a public rating from DBRS, then for DBRS the Eligible 
Institution will mean a depository institution whose DBRS Minimum Rating is at least BBB(high).  
"Eligible Investments" means:  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior dematerialised unsubordinated debt financial instruments but 
excluding for the avoidance of doubt credit linked notes and money market funds, or  
(B) 
account or deposit with a maturity date falling not later than the next succeeding Eligible 
Investments Maturity Date, held with an Eligible Institution, 
provided that, in all cases: (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable 
without penalty or have a maturity date falling on or before the next following Eligible Investments 
Maturity Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not 
being lower than the initially invested amount), and (iii) the debt securities or other debt 
instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations have the following ratings 
(or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to time 
as would maintain the then current ratings of the Notes): 
(1) 
with respect to Moody’s ratings, either: (i) with a "Baa2" long-term rating by Moody’s or, 
in the event of a depository institution which does not have a long-term rating by Moody’s, 
a "P-2" short-term rating by Moody’s; or (ii) such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(2) 
with respect to DBRS ratings, either: (i) "R-1(low)" by DBRS in respect of short-term debt 
and "BBB (high)" by DBRS in respect of long-term debt; or (ii) otherwise, which has the 
following ratings from at least 2 of the following rating agencies: (a) at least "A" by Fitch; 
(b) at least "A" by Standard & Poor’s; (c) at least "A2" by Moody’s; and 
provided that, in any event, (a) the Eligible Investments set out above will have a maturity of less 
than or equal to one month, and (b) none of the Eligible Investments set out above may consist, 
in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of (i) credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
the transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the 
Issuer in the context of the Securitisation otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any 
time, or (ii) asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status or ranking, or (iii) 
swaps, other derivatives instruments, or synthetic securities or any other instrument from time to 
time specified in the European Central Bank monetary policy regulations applicable from time to 
time.  
"Eligible Investments Maturity Date" means, in respect of each Transaction, in relation to 
Eligible Investments deriving from the investment of the relevant Series Available Funds to be 
distributed on a certain Payment Date, the day falling on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding such Payment Date. 
"Eligible Public Administration" means exclusively each of the following Public Administrations: 
- 
Regions, 
- 
Local Authorities, 
- 
Public Owned Companies, except for any companies belonging to the Ferrovie dello Stato 
Group, any companies belonging to the Poste Italiane Group and any companies 
belonging to the Alitalia Group. 
“EMMI” means the European Money Markets Institute. 
“EMIR” means the European Regulation 648/2012 of 4 July 2012, known as the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation, entered into force on 16 August 2012. 
"Employer/Pension Authority" means the assigned debtor (debitore ceduto) of the receivables 
object of each Salary Assignment or the delegated person (mandatario/delegato) under each 
Payment Delegation. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
"ESMA Website" means http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) No. 2015/848 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council. 
"EU CRA Regulation" means the credit rating agencies regulation under the Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"EU Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2402 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time). 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate for either one (1), three (3) or six (6) 
Euro deposits as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions, as it appears on the relevant Reuters Screen Page or (aa) such 
other page as may replace the relevant Reuters Screen Page on that service for the purpose of 
displaying such information or (bb) if that service ceases to display such information, such page 
as displays such information on such equivalent service (or, if more than one, that one which is

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
approved by the Representative of the Noteholders) as may replace such Reuters Screen Page 
at or about 11:00 a.m. (Milan time) on the relevant Determination Date (rounded to four decimal 
places with the midpoint rounded upwards) (the "Screen Rate"), provided that: 
(a) 
if the Screen Rate is unavailable at such time for either one (1), three (3) or six (6) month 
Euro deposits as applicable, then the rate for any relevant Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded to four decimal places with the mid-point rounded up) of the rates 
notified to the Representative of the Noteholders at its request by each of the Reference 
Banks as the rate at which respectively one, three or six months Euro deposits in a 
representative amount are offered by that Reference Bank to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market at or about 11.00 a.m. (Milan time) on any Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only two of the Reference 
Banks provide such offered quotations to the Calculation Agent the relevant rate shall be 
determined, in the manner specified in item (a) above, on the basis of the offered quotations 
of those Reference Banks providing such quotations; or 
(c) 
if, on any Determination Date, the Screen Rate is unavailable and only one of the Reference 
Banks provides the Agent Bank with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate of Interest in effect for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period when one of EURIBOR or item (b) above shall have been applied. 
The Principal Paying Agent may, at any time, request the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Noteholders to agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to amend EURIBOR (any such 
amended rate, an "Alternative Base Rate") and make such other related or consequential 
amendments as are necessary or advisable in order to facilitate such change (any such change, 
a "Base Rate Modification") provided that the following conditions are satisfied:  
(1) 
the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, has provided the Representative of 
the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and the Noteholders of the 
relevant Transaction with at least 30 (thirty) calendar days' prior written notice of any such 
proposed Base Rate Modification and has certified to the Representative of the 
Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty and the Noteholders in such notice 
(such notice being a "Base Rate Modification Certificate") that:  
(a) 
such Base Rate Modification is being undertaken due to:  
(i) 
a prolonged and material disruption to EURIBOR, a material change in the 
methodology of calculating EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(ii) 
a public statement by the EURIBOR administrator that it will cease 
publishing EURIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor EURIBOR administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of EURIBOR);  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator that 
EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued or 
will be changed in an adverse manner; 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator that 
means EURIBOR may no longer be used or that its use is or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
the reasonable expectation of the Principal Paying Agent that any of the 
events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above will occur or exist within

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
6 (six) months of the proposed effective date of such Base Rate 
Modification; and 
(b) 
such Alternative Base Rate is: 
(i) 
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the European 
Central Bank, any regulatory authority in Italy or the EU or any stock 
exchange on which the Rated Notes are listed (or any relevant committee 
or other body established, sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing);  
(ii) 
the Euro Over Night Index Average (or any rate which is derived from, based 
upon or otherwise similar to the foregoing); or 
(iii) 
a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues of Euro 
denominated asset backed floating rate notes prior to the effective date of 
such Base Rate Modification;  
2. 
the Rating Agencies of the relevant Series have been notified of such proposed Base 
Rate Modification and, based on such notification, the Principal Paying Agent is not aware 
that the then current ratings of the Rated Notes of such Series would be adversely affected 
by such Base Rate Modification; and  
3. 
the Originator pays all fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents in connection with such Base Rate Modification.  
Notwithstanding the above, no Base Rate Modification will become effective if within 30 (thirty) 
calendar days of the delivery of the Base Rate Modification Certificate, (i) any of the relevant 
Series Swap Counterparty does not consent to Base Rate Modification, or (ii) Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of the 
relevant Series have notified the Issuer in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current 
practice of any applicable clearing system through which the Class A Notes are held) that they 
do not consent to the Base Rate Modification (a "Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event"). 
Objections made in writing other than through the applicable clearing system must be 
accompanied by evidence to the Representative of the Noteholders' satisfaction (having regard 
to prevailing market practices) of the relevant Noteholder's title to the Class A Notes of such 
Series. If a Noteholder Base Rate Consent Event occurs, the Base Rate Modification will not 
become effective unless a resolution of the holders of the Class A Notes of the relevant Series is 
passed in favour of the Base Rate Modification in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Noteholders. The Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the 
Representative of the Noteholders, the relevant Series Swap Counterparties and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date when the Base Rate Modification takes 
effect.  
"Euro", "euro", "cents" and "€" refer to the single currency introduced in the member states of 
the European Community which adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty of 
Rome of 25 March 1957, as amended by, inter alia, the Single European Act 1986, the Treaty of 
European Union of 7 February 1992, establishing the European Union and the European Council 
of Madrid of 16 December 1995. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, with offices 
at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
“European DataWarehouse” means the securitisation repository pursuant to article 7, paragraph 
2 of the STS Regulation where information and documents of each Transaction are made 
available. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed 
in Rome on 25 March 1957) as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht 
on 7 February 1992). 
 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
 
"Expenses" means, in respect of each Transaction:  
(a) 
any and all documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes, required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Noteholders of the relevant Series and the Other Issuer 
Creditors of such Transaction) arising in connection with such Transaction and/or required 
to be paid (as determined in accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement, by 
reference to the number of the then outstanding Transactions carried out by the Issuer) 
in order to preserve the existence of the Issuer, to maintain it in good standing or to comply 
with applicable laws; and 
(b) 
any other documented costs, fees and expenses due to persons who are not parties to 
the relevant Series Documents which have been incurred in or in connection with the 
preservation or enforcement of the relevant Series Issuer's Segregated Assets, 
which will be attributed pro quota to each Transaction in accordance with the provisions of the 
Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Expenses Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the name of the 
Issuer with the Collection Account Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each Transaction and the relevant Series 
CAMPA. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Noteholders. 
"Ferrovie dello Stato Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the 
accounts (bilancio) of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the 
latest approved accounts (ultimo bilancio approvato) of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A.. 
"Final Maturity Date" means, with reference to each Series, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
relating to each Transaction, the final terms prepared for the issuance of such Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. 
"Financial Laws Consolidation Act" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"First Portfolio" means the first Portfolio purchased by the Issuer in the context of the Programme 
on the Initial Signing Date pursuant to the Programme Receivable Purchase Agreement and the 
relevant Transfer Agreement. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
"Further Transfer Notice" means the notice to be sent by the Originator to the Issuer in order to 
proceed with the sale of a Portfolio in the context of the Programme pursuant to the Programme 
Receivable Purchase Agreement. 
"Further Transfer Notice Date" means the date on which the Originator, as the case may be, 
deliver a Further Transfer Notice to the Issuer.  
"GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation adopted with Regulation (EU) 2016/679, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Guarantor" means any person having issued or released a Collateral Security. 
"Holder" or "holder" of a Note means the ultimate owner of a Note. 
"IBL Banca" means IBL – Istituto Bancario del Lavoro S.p.A. a bank incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni), having its registered office 
at Rome, Via Venti Settembre 30, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Rome number 00452550585, enrolled under number 5578 in the albo delle banche held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, holding company 
(capogruppo) of the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL Banca" enrolled under number 3263.1 
in the albo dei gruppi bancari held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
"IBL Finance" means IBL FINANCE S.R.L., a società a responsabilità limitata incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at 
Via di Campo Marzio 46, Rome, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Rome under number 13264381008, enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to the Bank of Italy regulation dated 7 June 2017 and having as its sole corporate 
object the realisation of securitisation transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation Law. 
"IBL Servicing" means IBL Servicing S.p.A., a financial intermediary incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Via Venti Settembre 30, 00187 - Rome, tax 
code and enrolment with the companies register of Rome no. 10218521002, enrolled under No. 
27 (codice meccanografico 33596) of the register of the financial intermediaries held by the Bank 
of Italy, fully-owned by IBL Banca and subsidiary of the banking group (gruppo bancario) "IBL 
Banca", enrolled with the register of the banking groups (albo dei gruppi bancari) under no. 3263 
pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
“IDD” means Directive 2016/97/EU. 
"Indemnity" (Indennizzo) means the amount due by the Insurance Company to the Issuer upon 
occurrence of a Job Damage and/or a Life Damage, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Insurance Policy. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, in respect of each Receivable, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of the components set out in clause 3.1.1 of the Programme Receivable Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Initial Interest Period" means the first Interest Period, which shall begin on (and include) the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series and end on (but exclude) the first relevant Payment Date, each 
as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Initial Signing Date" means 4 August 2017, as the date of execution of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Programme 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
“Inside Information Report” means the report named as such to be prepared and delivered, 
by the Originator in accordance with the Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company or corporation that: 
(a) 
such company or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation, or is failing or is 
likely to fail pursuant to article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 (if 
applicable), or has entered into a "concordato" with its creditors or other debt restructuring 
arrangements 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
"fallimento", 
"liquidazione 
coatta 
amministrativa", "concordato preventivo", and "amministrazione straordinaria", each such 
expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
including 
the 
seeking 
of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or 
similar procedure having a similar effect, unless, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), 
such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (a) above is made 
in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise 
initiated against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), 
the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(c) 
such company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the Other Issuer 
Creditors) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee, indemnity or assurance against loss given by it in respect 
of any indebtedness or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company or corporation or any of the events under article 
2484 of the Italian civil code occurs with respect to such company or corporation (except 
a winding-up for the purposes of, or pursuant to, a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Noteholders); or 
(e) 
such company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Instalment" means, with respect to each Loan Agreement, from which the Receivables are 
originated, each instalment due from time to time by the relevant Debtor thereunder and which 
consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
"Insurance Company" means each insurance company having entered into, or which will enter 
into, an Insurance Master Agreement with IBL Banca and that, therefore, has issued, or will issue, 
an Insurance Policy for the benefit of IBL Banca.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
"Insurance Master Agreement" means each agreement entered into between IBL Banca and 
an Insurance Company which regulates the terms and conditions for the issue of the relevant 
Insurance Policies for the benefit of IBL Banca. 
"Insurance Policy" means, with respect to each Loan Agreement, the insurance policies issued 
by the Insurance Companies for the benefit of IBL Banca, pursuant to the Insurance Master 
Agreements, to cover certain risks associated to the relevant Debtor, the relevant rights and 
actions deriving therefrom are included in the Receivables transferred to the Issuer pursuant to 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and whose benefit, following the assignment 
of the relevant Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, have 
been transferred to the Issuer. 
"Interest Basis" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued in the context of the 
relevant Transaction, the Fixed Rate of Interest or the Floating Rate of Interest.  
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment under each relevant 
Loan. 
"Interest Payment Amount" has the meaning ascribed to that term in Rated Note Condition 7.6 
(Calculation of Interest Payment Amounts). 
"Interest Period" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued in the context of the 
relevant Transaction, each period from (and including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Payment Date, provided that the first Interest Period will commence on the Issue Date 
of such Series of Notes and end on the relevant first Payment Date (such first Payment Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series). 
"Investment Account" means, with reference to each Transaction, any cash investment account 
which, following the relevant Issue Date of the Series of Notes issued under such Transaction, 
may be opened by the Issuer with the Investment Account Bank (or with any other Eligible 
Institution) in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, for the deposit of the bonds, debentures or other 
kinds of notes or financial instruments purchased as Eligible Investments. 
"Investment Account Bank" means Citi London and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Issue Date" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the 
date defined as such in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Issue Price" means, with reference to each Transaction, in respect of each Class of Notes of 
the relevant Series issued under such Transaction, the price specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
"Issuer" means Marzio Finance S.r.l., a società a responsabilità limitata incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at Viale 
Parioli, 10, Rome, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Rome under 
number 09840320965, enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to the Bank of Italy regulation dated 7 June 2017 and having as its sole corporate object 
the realisation of securitisation transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation Law. 
"Issuer’s Rights" has the meaning ascribed to the term "Diritti di Credito" under clause 2.1 of 
each Series Deed of Pledge relating to the rights of the Issuer pledged under such Series Deed 
of Pledge.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
"Issuer's Series Segregated Assets" means, with reference to each Transaction, together, the 
Issuer's right, title and interest in and to the Portfolio purchased by the Issuer in the context of 
such Transaction, any monetary claim accrued by the Issuer in the context of such Transaction, 
the relevant collections and any financial assets purchased through such collections, which are 
segregated by operation of law from the Issuer's other assets pursuant to the Securitisation Law.  
"Italian Paying Agent" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Conditions. 
"Job Damage" (Sinistro Impiego) means each event related and/or connected to the employment 
relationship of a Debtor covered under the relevant Insurance Policy, upon occurrence of which 
the relevant Insurance Company shall pay the Indemnity to IBL Banca - and, upon transfer of the 
Receivables to the Issuer, to the Issuer - in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
Insurance Policy. 
"Joint Regulation" means the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette number 201 of 30 August 2018. 
"Junior Notes" means the Class J Notes. 
"Junior Noteholders" means the holders of the Class J Notes. 
"Junior Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Junior Notes. 
“LCR Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the 
Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions. 
“LCR Assessment” means the assessment made by PCS in relation to compliance of the 
Transactions carried out under the Programme with the criteria set forth in the LCR Delegated 
Regulation, as amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, 
claims, demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever 
including legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any value 
added or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred to in this definition. 
"Life Damage" (Sinistro Vita) means the death of a Debtor covered under the relevant Insurance 
Policy, upon occurrence of which the relevant Insurance Company shall pay the Indemnity to IBL 
Banca and, upon transfer of the Receivables to the Issuer, to the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of such Insurance Policy. 
"Limited Recourse Loan" means any limited recourse loan made by the Originator to the Issuer 
pursuant to clause 4.1 of the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Liquidity Reserve" means, in respect of each Transaction, a reserve created with a portion of 
the proceeds of the issue of the Class J Notes on the relevant Issue Date of the relevant Series, 
to be applied in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Liquidity Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in the name 
of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of each 
Transaction.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
"Liquidity Reserve Amount" means, at any time, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
relevant Liquidity Reserve Account. 
"Liquidity Reserve Initial Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, the amount credited 
on the relevant Liquidity Reserve Account upon issuance of the relevant Series of Notes, out of 
the proceeds thereof, as specified in the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Liquidity Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the amount 
specified as such under the relevant Series CAMPA and set out in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Listing Agent" means Banque International à Luxembourg and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Listing Agent Fee Letter. 
"Listing Agent Fee Letter" means the fee letter entered into on or about the Initial Signing Date 
between the Issuer and the Listing Agent. 
"Loan" means each personal loan granted by the Originator to a Debtor, on the basis of a Loan 
Agreement, to be reimbursed through a Salary Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a 
Payment Delegation issued in favour of IBL Banca by the relevant Debtor, and furthermore 
assisted by an Insurance Policy, from which the Receivables transferred to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and each Transfer Agreement arise. 
"Loan Agreement" means each written agreement, from which a Receivable arises, entered into 
between IBL Banca and a Debtor and pursuant to which IBL Banca has granted a Loan. 
"Loan Early Termination" means the full redemption of a Loan made by the relevant Debtor, 
before the maturity provided by the amortisation plan set out in the relevant Loan Agreement. 
"Local Authorities" means the local territorial authorities set forth in article 2 paragraph 1 of the 
legislative decree 18 August 2000, No. 267 ("Testo unico delle leggi sull’ordinamento degli enti 
locali") and, in particular, municipalities (comuni), provinces (province), metropolitan cities (città 
metropolitane), mountain authority (comunità montane), island authorities (comunità isolane) and 
municipalities unions (unioni di comuni), as defined therein. 
"Management Fee" means, for each Loan, the fees due for the management of the relevant Loan 
during the amortisation period, if applicable. 
"Management Fee Amortisation Plan" means, for each Loan, the plan for the accrual of the 
Management Fee in favour of the Originator. 
"Management Fee Reserve" means, with reference to each Transaction, a cash reserve of the 
Issuer created with a deposit made by the Originator on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
Notes issued under such Transaction, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Management Fee Prepayment Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, the 
Residual Management Fee for each Loan in respect of which a Loan Early Termination occurred, 
as specified by the Servicer in each relevant Servicer’s Report relating to such Transaction, to be 
transferred for the amount set out in such Servicer’s Report, from the relevant Management Fee 
Reserve Account to the relevant Payments Account, one Business Day before each Payment 
Date, to form part of the relevant Series Available Funds.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
"Management Fee Reserve Account" means a euro denominated account to be established in 
the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in respect of each Transaction and the 
relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Management Fee Reserve Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, at any time, the 
balance of the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Management Fee Reserve Account. 
"Management Fee Reserve Increased Amount" means, in respect of each Loan and with 
reference to each Servicer’s Report Date under each Transaction, the difference, if positive, 
between (i) the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of such Servicer’s Report Date, and 
(ii) the Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of the immediately preceding Servicer’s 
Report Date (net of any amount of the Management Fee Prepayment Amount). 
"Management Fee Reserve Released Amount" means, in relation to each Portfolio, with respect 
to each Loan, and with reference to each relevant Servicer’s Report Date, the difference, if 
positive, between (i) the relevant Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of the immediately 
preceding Servicer’s Report Date (net of any Management Fee Prepayment Amount), and (ii) the 
Management Fee Reserve Target Amount as of such Servicer’s Report Date. 
"Management Fee Reserve Target Amount" means, with reference to each Transaction, an 
amount equal to 25% (twenty-five per cent.) of the relevant Residual Management Fee in respect 
of the Portfolio transferred under such Transaction. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on the Initial Signing Date 
between the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders. 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Master Servicer" means IBL Servicing and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the provisions of the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicing Fee" means the fee due to the Master Servicer, as determined in accordance 
with the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicer Termination Event" means each of the events provided for under clause 11 
of the Programme Servicing Agreement, which causes the termination of the appointment of the 
Servicer, in accordance with the provisions set forth thereunder. 
"Matrice dei Conti" has the meaning ascribed to it under the BoI Supervision Guidelines. 
"Mezzanine Noteholders" means the Class B Noteholders (if any). 
"Mezzanine Notes" means the Class B Notes (if any). 
“MIFID II” means Directive 2014/65/EU. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a joint stock company having its registered office at Via 
Mantegna, 6, 20154 Milan, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository bank 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream. 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Monte Titoli.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s Investors Service. 
"Most Senior Class of Notes" means, with reference to each Transaction, respectively, (i) the 
Class A Notes; (ii) following the full repayment of all the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes (if any); 
(iii) following the full repayment of all the Class B Notes (if any), the Class J Notes. 
"Net Portfolio Yield" means, with reference to each Transaction, with respect to any relevant 
Collection Period, the amount which is the aggregate of: (i) the Interest Instalments accrued on 
the relevant Portfolio during the relevant period whether or not actually paid less specific 
provisions for losses in respect of each single Receivable determined by the Servicer and any 
losses with respect to such period; (ii) any default interest (interessi di mora) accrued on the 
Receivables and paid during such period under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement; (iii) 
the amount of any and all penalties paid in such period; (iv) any other revenues accrued to the 
Issuer under the Loan Agreement in such period. 
"Noteholders" means, together, the Rated Noteholders and the Junior Noteholders. 
"Notes" means, together, the Rated Notes and the Junior Notes. 
"Notes Formula Redemption Amount" means any of the Class A Notes Formula Redemption 
Amount, the Class B Notes Formula Redemption Amount (if any) and the Class J Notes Formula 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
"Notice" means any notice delivered under or in connection with any Programme Document or 
Series Document. 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Notes, the 
Programme Documents and the Series Documents. 
"Offer Date" means the date which falls within 10 Business Days of the Valuation Date of the 
relevant Portfolio, as set out in the relevant Further Transfer Notice, in which the Originator deliver 
a proposal relating to a Transfer Agreement to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, provided that there will not be more than one Offer Date per month.  
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
"Organisation of the Noteholders" means, with reference to each Transaction, the association 
of the Noteholders, organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Noteholders. 
"Originator" (or also "Seller") means IBL Banca. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means, with reference to each Transaction, the Originator, the Master 
Servicer, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Back Up Calculation Agent, the Representative 
of the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Paying Agents, the Account 
Banks, the Cash Manager, the Programme Administrator, the relevant Series Swap Counterparty 
(if any) and any party who at any time accedes to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Outstanding Balance" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, (i) the 
aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Due and the Interest Instalments due but not yet paid as 
at that date, plus (ii) any penalties (including any default interest) accrued on any Unpaid 
Instalments. 
"Outstanding Principal Due" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, the 
Outstanding Principal on such date for such Receivable. 
“PCS” means Prime Collateralised Securities EU SAS.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, the 
aggregate of (i) all the Principal Instalments due and unpaid (also only in part) on such date and 
(ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due and not already paid on such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Not Yet Due" means, on any relevant date, in relation to any Receivable, 
the aggregate of the Principal Instalments not yet due on such date. 
"Paying Agents" means, collectively, the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent. 
"Payments Account" (or also "Payment Account") means, with reference to each Transaction, 
the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with the Transaction Bank 
or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Programme Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA. 
"Payment Date" means, with reference to all Series of Notes issued under the Programme by 
the Issuer, (a) prior to the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the day falling montly 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, any 
day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Post Enforcement Priority of Payment, the Conditions and the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement, provided that the first Payment Date in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series. 
"Payment Delegation" (or also "DP") means the payment delegation of one fifth of the salary 
made, pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement, by a Debtor in favour of IBL Banca, with 
reference to the payments due by such Debtor under the relevant Loan. 
"Payments Report" (or also "Payment Report") means, with reference to each Transaction, the 
report setting out all the payments to be made on each relevant Calculation Date, which shall be 
prepared and delivered by the Calculation Agent or the Back-Up Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and each relevant 
Series CAMPA. 
“Pool Audit Report” means the report prepared by an appropriate and independent party 
pursuant to article 22 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the relevant EBA Guidelines on 
STS Criteria., in order to verify that: 
1) the data disclosed in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the Receivables is accurate; 
2) on a statistical basis, the integrity and referability of the information provided in the 
documentation and in the IT systems, in respect of each selected position of the sample of 
portfolio; and  
3) the data of the Receivables included in the Portfolio contained in the loan- by-loan data tape 
prepared by IBL Banca are compliant with the Criteria that are able to be tested prior to the 
relevant Issue Date. 
"Portfolio" means each pool of Receivables sold by the Originator and purchased by the Issuer 
in the context of the Programme pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
"Post Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the Priority of Payments under the Rated 
Notes Condition 6.2 (Post Acceleration Priority of Payments). 
"Poste Italiane Group" means the group of companies which are consolidated in the accounts 
(bilancio) of Poste Italiane S.p.A., as resulting from time to time from the latest approved accounts 
(ultimo bilancio approvato) of Poste Italiane S.p.A..

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
"Post Acceleration Payments Report" means, in respect of each Transaction, the report setting 
out all the payments to be made on the following Payment Date under the Post Acceleration 
Priority of Payments which, following the occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event and the 
delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, shall be prepared and delivered by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and each Series CAMPA. 
"Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the Priority of Payments under the Rated Notes 
Condition 6.1 (Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments). 
"Previous Securitisation" means the securitisation transaction carried out by IBL Finance 
through the issue on 22 May 2015 of the €2,009,800,000 Class A Asset Backed Fixed Rate Notes 
due December 2040 and the €223,220,000 Class B Asset Backed Variable Return Notes due 
December 2040. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any date:  
(a) 
in relation to each Class of Notes, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all Notes 
in such Class; and  
(b) 
in relation to a Note, the principal amount of that Note upon issue, less the aggregate 
amount of all principal payments made on that Note that have been repaid on or prior to 
such date. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment under each relevant 
Loan. 
"Principal Payment Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Rated Notes Condition 8.6 
(Calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding) and Junior Notes 
Condition 8.6 (Calculation of Principal Payment Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding). 
"Principal Paying Agent" means Citi London and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Priority of Payments" means, with reference to each Transaction, the order of priority pursuant 
to which the relevant Series Available Funds shall be applied on each relevant Payment Date 
prior to and/or following the service of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Rated Notes Conditions, the Junior Notes Conditions and the Programme 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"PRIIPs Regulation" means each of the EU PRIIPs Regulation and UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
"Privacy Law" means any legislation applicable on data protection, including the GDPR, the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, and the national legislation implementing the GDPR adopted pursuant to the legislative 
delegation provided by article 13 of Law No. 163 of 25 October 2017. 
"Proceeding" has the meaning ascribed to "Procedimento" under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Programme" means the programme established by the Originator and the Issuer pursuant to 
the Securitisation Law in the context of which the Originator may sell without recourse (pro soluto) 
and the Issuer shall purchase without recourse (pro soluto), pursuant to article 1 and 4 of the 
Securitisation Law, Portfolios of Receivables arising out from Loans originated by IBL Banca to 
be reimbursed through a Salary Assignment or, alternatively, assisted by a Payment Delegation

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
issued in favour of IBL Banca by the relevant Debtor, pursuant to the Programme Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and each relevant Transfer Agreement.   
"Programme Administrator" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in 
accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement" means the back-up servicing agreement entered 
into on 4 August 2017 between the Issuer and the Back-up Servicer in relation to the Programme 
and any relevant Transaction thereunder, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash 
allocation, management and payments agreement entered into on 4 August 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Servicer, the Originator, the Representative of the Noteholders, 
each Account Bank, the Corporate Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Back-
up Calculation Agent, the Programme Administrator and each Paying Agent in relation to the 
Programme and any relevant Transaction thereunder, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
"Programme Documents" means, together, the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Programme Servicing Agreement, the Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the 
Programme Back-up Servicing Agreement, the Programme Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement, the Listing Agent Fee 
Letter, the Mandate Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Quotaholder's 
Agreement, the Conditions and any other document which may be entered into, from time to time, 
in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors on 4 August 2017 in respect of the Programme, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Maturity Date" means the earlier of (i) December 2050, (ii) the Cancellation Date 
in respect of the last Series of Notes issued under the Programme (as defined below), and (iii) 
the date of delivery of a Programme Purchase Termination Notice. 
"Programme Purchase Termination Event" means any of the events provided for under 
Condition 12.5 (Programme Purchase Termination Event), the occurrence of which will prevent 
the Issuer from purchasing any additional Portfolio and issue any additional Series of Notes under 
the Programme. 
"Programme Purchase Termination Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of 
the Noteholders and/or the Programme Administrator following the occurrence of a Programme 
Purchase Termination Event, in accordance with the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and the 
Conditions. 
"Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the receivables purchase agreement 
entered into on the Initial Signing Date between the Issuer and the Originator in respect of the 
Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on the Initial 
Signing Date between the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Servicer in respect of the 
Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity 
agreement entered into on the Initial Signing Date between the Issuer and the Originator in 
respect of the Programme, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
“Prospectus Regulation” means each of the EU Prospectus Regulation and UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Prospetto dei Crediti" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Public Entities" (or also "Public Administration") means any entity to which the provisions of 
articles 69 and 70 of the RD 2440/1923 apply. 
"Public Owned Companies" means any limited companies (società di capitali) subject to the 
control, within the meaning of article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code, of one or more Public 
Administrations. 
"Purchase Price" means the purchase price payable by the Issuer to the Originator in respect of 
each Portfolio, pursuant to the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Transfer Agreement. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer, as purchaser (cessionario or acquirente) under the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Issuer with IBL Banca with IBAN: IT08B0326303200000000001153, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Quotaholder" means Special Purpose Entity Management S.r.l.. 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement executed on 4 August 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Quotaholder and the Representative of the Noteholders, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Rate of Interest" has the meaning ascribed to that term in Rated Notes Condition 7.5 (Rate of 
Interest). 
"Rated Noteholders" means the holders from time to time of the Class A Notes and the Class B 
Notes (if any). 
"Rated Notes" means, the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any). 
"Rated Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Rated Notes. 
"Rating Agencies" means, in respect of any Series issued under the Programme, the rating 
agencies (two or more) whose name will be specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series.  
"Receivables" means all rights and claims of the Issuer arising out from any Loan Agreement as 
of or starting from the relevant Valuation Date (excluded), including without limitation: 
(a) 
all rights and claims in respect of the Outstanding Principal; 
(b) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including the default interest) 
accrued on the Loans and not collected, including Accrued Interest, up to the relevant 
Valuation Date (excluded); 
(c) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including default interest) 
accruing on the Loans from the relevant Valuation Date (included);

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
(d) 
all rights and claims in respect of payments of any amount deriving from damages 
suffered, costs, expenses, taxes and ancillary amounts due pursuant to the Loan 
Agreements; 
(e) 
any Collateral Security relating to the relevant Loan Agreement, including without 
limitation all rights and claims for the payment of portion of salary, pension and/or for the 
payment of any other indemnities (including the sums due as "trattamento di fine 
rapporto") due as a consequence of the Salary Assignment and/or the Payment 
Delegation which assists the relevant Loan, and furthermore all rights and claims relating 
to the Insurance Policies; 
(f) 
all privileges and priority rights (diritti di prelazione) transferable pursuant to the 
Securitisation Law supporting the aforesaid rights and claims, as well as any other right, 
claim and action (including any legal proceeding for the recovery of damages), substantial 
and procedural actions and defences inherent or otherwise ancillary to the aforesaid rights 
and claims, including, without limitation, the remedy of termination (risoluzione 
contrattuale per inadempimento) and the declaration of acceleration of the Debtor(s) 
(decadenza dal beneficio del termine), 
provided that any amounts collected under any title in relation to a Loan with reference to the 
period before the relevant Valuation Date will belong exclusively to the Originator and, therefore, 
any amounts collected in relation to a Loan in one single payment without any distinction between 
the period before the relevant Valuation Date and the period after the relevant Valuation Date 
shall be allocated pro quota between the Originator and the Issuer accordingly. 
"Recoveries" means any amount received or recovered by the Master Servicer and/or the 
Servicer in relation to any Defaulted Receivables. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Condition 7.12 (Reference 
Banks and Italian Paying Agent). 
"Regions" means the regions with special statute (regioni a statuto speciale) and the regions with 
ordinary statute (regioni a statuto ordinario) pursuant to article 114 of the Constitution of the 
Republic of Italy (Costituzione della Repubblica Italiana). 
"Regulated Market" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, Bourse 
de Luxembourg. 
"Relevant Regulation" means all laws and regulations and any other provisions issued by the 
Italian State Administration and the Public Entities which are applicable to Salary Assignment and 
the Payment Delegation, including articles 1260 et seq., 1269 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, 
RD 2440/1923, DPR 180/1950, Presidential Decree No. 895/1950, Royal decree 29 July 1914 
No. 850, Decree of Ministero per le Comunicazioni of 28 May 1929 No. 2708, Decree of Ministero 
per le Comunicazioni of 5 July 1932 No. 34, Circular of Ministero del Tesoro of 8 August 1996 
No. 46, Circular of Ministero del Tesoro of 16 October 1996 No. 63, Decree of Ministero 
dell'Economia e delle Finanze of 27 December 2006 No. 313, Circular of INPDAP No. 8 of 30 
March 2007, Circolare of INPS No. 91 of 31 May 2007, and any subsequent amendment and/or 
supplement thereto. 
"Remuneration" means, in respect of the Class J Notes of any Series, on any Payment Date, an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Net Portfolio Yield accrued as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; plus

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
(b) 
interest accrued on the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts up to the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); plus 
(c) 
interest accrued deriving from the Eligible Investments (if any) made up to the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); plus 
(d) 
any and all indemnities which became due in favour of the Issuer under any Programme 
Documents and any relevant Series Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period (whether or not actually paid); less 
(e) 
any and all amounts under items from First to Eighth (included) and Eleventh (if 
applicable) of the Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments, or from First to Eighth (included) 
of the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments, accrued under such items during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period (whether or not actually paid). 
“Reporting Entity” means the Originator acting as the reporting entity pursuant to the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. 
"Representative of the Noteholders" means, in respect of each Series of Notes to be issued 
from time to time under the Programme by the Issuer, Banca Finint  or any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders. 
"Residual Management Fee" means, for each Loan (if applicable) and with reference to any 
date, the Management Fee which has not yet accrued on such Loan on the basis of the relevant 
Management Fee Amortisation Plan. 
"Retention Amount" means, in respect of each Transaction, an amount equal to €20,000, 
provided that on the Payment Date on which the Notes of the relevant Series issued under such 
Transaction are redeemed in full, the Retention Amount shall be the amount indicated by the 
Corporate Servicer as necessary to cover the corporate expenses of the Issuer following full 
redemption of such Notes. 
"Retention and Transparency Rules" means, together, articles from 404 to 409 of the CRR, 
articles from 50 to 56 of the AIFMR, article 254 of the Solvency II Regulation, articles 6 and 7 of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 ("Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche") as amended from time to time, issued by the Bank of Italy, together with 
any applicable guidance, technical standards or related documents published by the European 
Banking Authority (including its predecessor, the Committee of European Banking Supervisors, 
and any successor or replacement agency or authority) and any delegated regulations of the 
European Commission in connection thereof and any other laws or regulations providing for 
retention and due diligence requirements in respect of securitisation transactions, as from to time 
applicable and/or amended or supplemented. 
"Royal Decree 2440/1923" or "RD 2440/1923" means the Italian Royal Decree No. 2440 of 18 
November 1923, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the organisation of 
the Noteholders attached as an Exhibit to the Rated Notes Conditions and the Junior Notes 
Conditions. 
"Salary Assignment" (or also "CDQ") means the assignment of one fifth of the salary and/or 
pension made, pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement, by a Debtor in favour of IBL Banca, by 
way of satisfaction (cessione in luogo dell’adempimento) of the obligations arising under the 
relevant Loan.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
"Scheduled Instalment Date" means any date on which an Instalment is due pursuant to a Loan 
Agreement. 
“Scope” means Scope Ratings GmbH. 
“Sec Reg Asset Level Report” means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Originator 
simoultanesly with the Sec Reg Investor Report, on each Sec Reg Report Date, in compliance 
with article 7(1)(a) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.  
“Sec Reg Investor Report” means the report to be prepared and delivered by Calculation Agent, 
on behalf of the Originator, or by the Originator, directly or through agents, simoultanesly with the 
Sec Reg Asset Level Report on each Sec Reg Report Date, in compliance with article 7(1)(e) of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation, pursuant Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
“Sec Reg Report Date” means the date falling within one month after each Payment Date of the 
relevant Transaction. 
 "Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
"Securitisation Law" means the Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means each of the EU Securitisation Regulation and UK 
Securitisation Regulation, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the any Series Deed of Pledge and the Series 
Deed of Charge (if any). 
"Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or 
other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts so 
as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type of preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Senior Noteholders" means the Class A Noteholders. 
"Senior Notes" means the Class A Notes. 
"Series" or "Series of Notes" means, with reference to each Transaction, the series of Notes to 
be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to the Base Prospectus and article 1 and 
5 of the Securitisation Law, for the purpose of financing the purchase of the relevant Portfolio. 
"Series Available Funds" means, with reference to each Transaction, on any relevant Payment 
Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
all Collections and Recoveries collected by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables included in the relevant Portfolio during the immediately 
preceding relevant Collection Period;

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
(ii) 
all amounts received by the Issuer from the Originator pursuant to the Programme 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Transfer Agreement and the 
Programme Warranty and Indemnity Agreement during the immediately preceding 
relevant Collection Period; 
(iii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Payments Account on the immediately preceding 
Payment Date after application of the relevant Priority of Payments on that Payment Date; 
(iv) 
any revenues and other amounts matured or deriving from the realisation, liquidation and 
any other proceeds on maturity of any Eligible Investments (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, interest, premium or any other amount representing its yield) and credited to the 
relevant Payments Account not later than 2 (two) Business Days prior to such Payment 
Date; 
(v) 
any amount due and payable to the Issuer by the relevant Series Swap Counterparty 
under the relevant Series Swap Agreement on such Payment Date (if and to the extent 
paid) other than any Collateral Amounts, any termination payment required to be made 
under such Series Swap Agreement, any collateral payable or transferable (as the case 
may be) under such Series Swap Agreement, which will not be available to the Issuer to 
make payments to its creditors generally, but may only be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
and the relevant Series CAMPA in respect of the Collateral Account; 
(vi) 
all amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Series 
Available Funds) of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid 
on the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts, other than the relevant Expenses Account, 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(vii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale (in whole or in part), if any, of the relevant Portfolio 
and/or of other components of the relevant Issuer’s Series Segregated Assets, in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series Documents; 
(viii) 
all the proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of individual Receivables included in the 
relevant Portfolio in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Series Documents 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(ix) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Series 
Available Funds) received by the Issuer from any party to the relevant Series Documents 
during the immediately preceding relevant Collection Period; 
(x) 
the relevant Additional Reserve Amount transferred from the relevant Additional Reserve 
Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such Payment Date; 
(xi) 
the relevant Liquidity Reserve Amount transferred from the relevant Liquidity Reserve 
Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such Payment Date; 
(xii) 
the Management Fee Prepayment Amount (if any) transferred from the relevant 
Management Fee Reserve Account to the relevant Payments Account on or prior to such 
Payment Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, following the delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice, the Series 
Available Funds, in respect of any Payment Date, shall also comprise any other amount standing 
to the credit of the relevant Series Issuer’s Accounts as at the immediately preceding relevant 
Calculation Date.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
"Series CAMPA" means, with reference to the each Transaction, the cash allocation, 
management and payments agreement executed by the relevant parties pursuant to the form 
annexed to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement and the 
provisions thereunder. 
"Series Deed of Charge" means, in respect of the relevant Transaction, the English law deed of 
charge that may be entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Representative 
of the Noteholders (in its behalf and as trustee for the Noteholders and the Other Issuer Creditors), 
in the event that (i) the Investment Account is opened with the Investment Account Bank under 
such Transaction, in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA, and/or (ii) the Series Swap Agreement is 
entered into by the Issuer under such Transaction. 
"Series Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on or about each 
Issue Date of each Series of Notes between the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders 
(acting on behalf of the Noteholders of the relevant Series and of the Other Issuer Creditors of 
the relevant Series) with reference to each Transaction and each Series of Notes. 
"Series Documents" means, together, any documents executed by the Issuer and any Other 
Issuer Creditor, with reference to each Transaction, pursuant to the Programme Documents, 
including the applicable Final Terms relating to the Series of Notes issued under such 
Transaction. 
"Series Intercreditor Agreement" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme in the context of each Transaction, the intercreditor agreement executed on or 
about the Issue Date of such Series between the Issuer and the Other Issuer Creditors. 
"Series Issuer’s Accounts" means, collectively, in respect of each Transaction, the Collection 
Account, the Payments Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the Additional Reserve Account, 
the Management Fee Reserve Account, the Investment Account (when opened), the Collateral 
Account (when opened) and the Expenses Account opened in the name of the Issuer with 
reference to such Transaction pursuant to the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement and the relevant Series CAMPA and "Series Issuer’s Account" means any 
of them. 
"Series Subscription Agreement" means, with reference to each Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme in the context of each Transaction, the subscription agreement executed on or 
about the Issue Date of such Series between the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders 
and the relevant Subscriber(s), as initial subscriber(s) of the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Series Swap Agreement" means, with reference to each Transaction, the interest rate hedging 
agreement or the interest rate option (or any other agreement having the same interest rate 
hedging economic and financial purpose) (if any) executed on the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series of Notes between the Issuer and one or more Series Swap Counterparties, including any 
credit support annex entered into in connection to the relevant hedging transaction. 
"Series Swap Counterparty" means, with reference to each Series of Notes, any of Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale S.A., Banco Santander S.A., JP 
Morgan AG and UniCredit, acting as swap counterparty (or swap counterparties) of the Issuer in 
connection with the relevant Series, as specified in the Final Terms applicable to such Series of 
Notes.  
"Servicer" means IBL Banca and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
"Servicer's Report" means, with reference to each Transaction, the monthly report to be 
prepared and delivered by the Master Servicer, on each relevant Servicer's Report Date, pursuant 
to the Programme Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report Date" means, with reference to each Transaction, the 10th Business Day 
following each relevant Collection Period. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means each of the events provided for under clause 11 of the 
Programme Servicing Agreement, which causes the termination of the appointment of the 
Servicer, in accordance with the provisions set forth thereunder. 
"Servicing Fee" means the fee due to the Servicer, as determined in accordance with the 
Programme Servicing Agreement. 
“Significant Event Report” means the report named as such to be prepared and delivered, by 
the Originator in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
"Sistema Bancario Accentrato" has the meaning ascribed to it under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Solvency II Regulation" means the Delegated Act adopted on 10 October 2014 by the 
European Commission, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Specific Criteria" means the further objective criteria for the identification of the Receivables of 
each Portfolio which may be selected by the Originator in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and which will be set out in the relevant Transfer 
Agreement. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to an Agent, or any additional Agent appointed pursuant 
to the Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and the provisions of the Programme 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the specified office notified to the 
Noteholders upon notification of the appointment of each such Agent in accordance with the 
Rated Notes Condition 10.4 (Change of Paying Agent) and in each such case, such other address 
as it may specify in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
“STS Verification” means a report from PCS which verifies compliance of the Transactions 
carried out under this Base Prospectus with the criteria stemming from Articles 18, 19, 20, 21 and 
22 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
 “STS-securitisation” means a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation established 
and structured in accordance with the requirements of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
"Subscribers" means any initial subscribers of any Series of Notes issued in respect of each 
Transaction under the Programme which will execute the relevant Series Subscription Agreement 
and "Subscriber" means each of them. 
"Subsequent SPV" means each securitisation company incorporated pursuant to the 
Securitisation Law for carrying out further securitisation transactions of receivables originated by 
IBL Banca of the same type of the Receivables transferred to the Issuer in the context of the 
Programme, to which the Issuer may transfer Portfolios of Receivables according to clause 16 of 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement and Condition 18 (Transfer of the Receivables 
by the Issuer to Subsequent SPVs).

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
"Supplemental Purchase Price" means, in relation to any Receivable in respect of which an 
Accounting Cancellation ("storno") has been made, an amount calculated in accordance with 
clause 3.5 of the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"TARGET System" means the TARGET2 system. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any 
political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein or otherwise imposed under 
Applicable Law. 
"Tax Deduction" has the meaning ascribed to it under Rated Notes Condition 11 (Taxation). 
"Transaction" means each transaction carried out in the context of the Programme pursuant to 
which the Issuer (i) will purchase a Portfolio from the Originator pursuant to the Programme 
Receivable Purchase Agreement and (ii) will issue a Series of Notes pursuant to article 1 and 5 
of the Securitisation Law for the purpose of financing the purchase of such Portfolio. 
"Transaction Bank" means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch and any successor or assignee thereto 
in accordance with the Programme Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Transfer Date" means, with reference to each Transaction, the date on which the Originator has 
received the Acceptance of the relevant Transfer Agreement from the Issuer in accordance with 
the Programme Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
"Transaction Documents" means, indistinctively, any of the Programme Documents and the 
relevant Series Documents. 
"Transaction Acceleration Event" means any of the events described in Rated Notes Condition 
12.1 (Transaction Acceleration Events). 
"Transaction Acceleration Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of the 
Noteholders on the Issuer declaring the Notes of the relevant Series to be due and payable in full 
following the occurrence of a Transaction Acceleration Event as described in Rated Notes 
Condition 12.2 (Delivery of a Transaction Acceleration Notice). 
 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the EU CRA Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
 
"UK MiFIR" means the Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation" means the EU PRIIPs Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of 
 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means the EU Prospectus Regulation, as it forms part of domestic 
 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
 
"UK Securitisation Regulation" means the EU Securitisation Regulation, as it forms part of 
 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
"Unpaid Instalment" means, with reference to a Loan, an Instalment which is due and unpaid. 
"Unpaid Management Fee Reserve Released Amount" means, for each Loan and with 
reference to any date, the Management Fee Reserve Released Amount up to such date which 
has not been repaid yet to the Originator pursuant to the Programme Intercreditor Agreement and 
the other Programme Documents. 
"UniCredit" means UniCredit Bank AG, with registered office at Arabellastraße 12, 81925 Munich, 
incorporated in Germany and registered with the Commercial Register at the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich under number HRB 42148, incorporated as a stock corporation under 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Usury Law" means the Italian Law No. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, and the Italian Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, which converted into law the 
Italian Law Decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Valuation Date" means, with reference to each Portfolio, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Transfer Agreement and in schedule 1 to the applicable Final Terms. 
"Variable Return" means, together, the Remuneration and the Additional Remuneration (if any) 
which may be payable on the Class J Notes of any Series on each relevant Payment Date subject 
to the Junior Notes Conditions. 
"VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in Italian D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972, as amended and implemented from time to time and any other tax of a similar 
fiscal nature whether imposed in Italy (in place of or in addition to IVA) or elsewhere.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
ISSUER 
 
Marzio Finance S.r.l. 
Viale Parioli, 10 
00197 – Rome 
Italy 
 
ORIGINATOR, SERVICER, 
CALCULATION AGENT, CASH MANAGER,  
PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR, 
COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK 
AND CORPORATE SERVICER 
 
IBL BancaS.p.A. 
Via Venti Settembre, 30 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
 
 
BACK-UP SERVICER 
AND BACK-UP CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
 
 
Zenith Service S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Betteloni, 2 
20131 – Milan 
Italy 
TRANSACTION BANK 
AND ITALIAN PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank N. A., Milan Branch 
Piazzetta Bossi, 3 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND INVESTMENT ACCOUNT BANK 
 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
E14 5LB, London 
United Kingdom 
CO-ARRANGERS 
 
IBL - Banca S.p.A. 
Via Venti Settembre, 30 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
Unicredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12,  
81925 Munich, 
Germany  
 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
 
Banca Finint ,  
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano  
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS  
TO THE CO-ARRANGERS AND THE ORIGINATOR 
AS TO ITALIAN LAW AND ENGLISH LAW 
 
IBL Banca S.p.A. 
Via Venti Settembre 30,  
00187 Roma 
 
 
Jones Day  
Via Turati, 16-18 
20121 MIlan