--- Page 1 ---
- i -
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Mashreqbank psc 
(incorporated with limited liability in the United Arab Emirates as a public shareholding company) 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") Mashreqbank psc, a public shareholding company incorporated in the United Arab 
Emirates (the "UAE") with limited liability ("Mashreqbank" or the "Bank"), may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Bank and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme may not exceed 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in any other currency shall be translated into U.S. dollars at the date of 
the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealership Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")), subject to any increase 
as described herein. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Bank (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this 
Base Prospectus (as defined below) to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
Notes will be issued in Series (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") issued on different issue dates. Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") (or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), 
the relevant Pricing Supplement (as defined below)) which, with respect to the Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the 
Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to 
Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Mashreqbank has been rated A by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. ("Moody's") and A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"), and the Programme has been rated A by Fitch, Baal by Moody's and A- by S&P. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA, is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. Moody's and S&P are not established in the United Kingdom ("UK") or registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings that Moody's and S&P have given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme are endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, each of which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is established in the UK, is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Financial Services 
Register. Fitch is not established in the EEA or registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The rating that Fitch has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by 
any of the rating agencies referred to above. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") for all Notes issued under the 
Programme other than Exempt Notes. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority in Luxembourg under the EU Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of the Notes issued under the Programme described in this 
Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation with respect to the Notes which will be admitted to listing on the official list and trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admission to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. Such an 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Bank nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval in relation to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to listing on an official list and to trading on the regulated market in the EEA. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Bank in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on 
Prospectuses for securities. The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 8 March 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admission to trading 
on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. 
The Bank may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") herein, in which event 
(in the case of Notes intended to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) a new prospectus relating to that particular issue of Notes or (in the case of Exempt Notes) a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") issued by the Bank will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. By 
approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality and solvency of the Bank in line 
with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). 
The Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Notes offered should conduct their own 
due diligence on the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of the principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 6. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") 
OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR THE 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE AND THE OFFER AND SALE IS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. SEE "FORM OF THE NOTES" FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE MANNER IN WHICH NOTES 
WILL BE ISSUED. 
The Base Prospectus may only be communicated or caused to be communicated in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") does not apply. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank
J.P. Morgan
Mashreqbank psc 
Mizuho 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 March 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii -
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Bank or Merrill Lynch International (the "Arranger") 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 or Article 5 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to such 
offer. Neither the Bank, the Arranger nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus or a supplement to a prospectus for such offer. 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes issued under the Programme and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission of anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Bank confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of any third party information contained in this Base Prospectus is stated where 
such information appears in this Base Prospectus. The information under the heading "The United Arab 
Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation", which is given as general information and has been 
reproduced from publicly available information, save that the Bank confirms that, as far as it is aware and 
is able to ascertain from publicly available information, no facts have been omitted which would render 
any reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Bank accepts responsibility only for the accurate 
extraction of such information from publicly available sources. 
The accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus has not been 
independently verified by the Arranger or by the Dealers or any of their respective directors, officers, 
affiliates, advisers or agents. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective 
directors, officers, advisers, agents or affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Bank in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
accept any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. Neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers shall be responsible for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of 
any statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Bank contained in the Notes, or any other 
agreement or document relating to the Notes, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to 
any Series or Tranche of Notes must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Any 
information relating to the Notes which is not included in the Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the "necessary information" in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Bank and 
of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Bank. In relation 
to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Bank has included in this 
Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii -
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any relevant Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Bank since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has most recently been supplemented by a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents contained in this Base 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale". The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA, and all secondary legislation made pursuant to it, must be complied 
with. Accordingly, no offer or sale of, and no communication of any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) in respect of, any Notes is being made 
hereby except in circumstances where the prohibition on financial promotion set out at Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply whether by reason of the application of the exemptions to such prohibition set out in 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion Order) 2005 (the "Promotions Order") 
or otherwise. In the UK, this Base Prospectus is only being distributed and made available to, and is only 
directed at, investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Promotions Order, and any 
other person into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes must not and should not take any action in 
respect of matters set out herein in respect to the Notes or otherwise. In the UK, persons not having 
professional experience in matters relating to investments of the type represented by the Notes should not 
rely on this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Bank, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
and the Bank, the Arranger and the Dealers do not assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers 
which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be

--- Page 4 ---
- iv -
 
 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Japan, the People's 
Republic of China (the "PRC"), Italy, Singapore, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) and the Dubai International Financial Centre; see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement applicable to the Notes in a Series, 
the Notes in a Series will initially be represented by Global Notes (as defined below), which will be, on or 
about the relevant Issue Date, deposited with a depositary or common depositary for the accounts of 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear", 
together with Clearstream, Luxembourg, the "Clearing Systems"). Beneficial interests in Global Notes 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes in bearer form under the limited 
circumstances described below. 
Global Notes may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system, provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed between the Bank, the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of a nominee or nominees for such clearing systems. 
Beneficial interests in Global Notes held by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be shown on, 
and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their participants. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal

--- Page 5 ---
- v -
 
 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication 
of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of such Notes). 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding 
the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Bank 
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Bank's actual results, performance or achievements, 
or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. 
The requirement to publish a base prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to 
Notes issued by the Bank for which no base prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The Exempt Notes do not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are references to United States dollars, 
all references to "UAE dirham" and "AED" are references to United Arab Emirates dirham, all references 
to "Renminbi", "RMB" or "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the PRC (which, for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) and all references to "euro" and "€" are references to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the Treaty on the functioning of the European 
Community, as amended from time to time. The UAE dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 22 
November 1980. The midpoint between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE dirham is at a 
fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, be 
read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If a prospective investor does 
not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus he or she should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS MAY 
OVER ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi -
 
 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER 
ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER EU MiFID II 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for a Series or Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Series or Tranche, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance

--- Page 7 ---
- vii -
 
 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). The Bank will make a determination in relation to each issue 
about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
THE CREDIT RATING AGENCIES 
Each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P has rated Mashreqbank and the Programme, and Moody's Investors 
Service Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Moody's Singapore") has also rated the UAE. Moody's and S&P are 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch is established in the UK and is 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's Singapore is not established in the European Union or 
in the UK and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
The rating issued by Moody's Singapore has been endorsed by Moody's in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION 
The Bank has undertaken that, in connection with the listing of the Notes on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if there shall occur a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, the Bank will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus to be approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or, 
as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the 
Bank of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and shall supply to the 
Arranger and each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Arranger and/or Dealer 
may reasonably request. Statements contained in any supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier 
supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Bank does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii -
 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS 
The Bank is a public shareholding company incorporated with limited liability in accordance with the laws 
of the UAE and the majority of its directors reside in the UAE. All or a substantial portion of the assets of 
the Bank and its directors are located in the UAE. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to: (a) 
effect service of process upon the Bank or any such directors outside the UAE; (b) enforce against any of 
them, in courts of jurisdiction other than the UAE, judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated 
upon the laws of such other jurisdictions; or (c) enforce against any of them, in UAE courts, judgments 
obtained in jurisdictions other than the UAE, including judgments on the Deed of Covenant in the courts 
of England and judgments obtained in the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the 
federal securities laws of the United States. 
The Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement and the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law (save for the subordination provisions of the Notes, which are subject to the application 
of mandatory provisions of the laws and regulations of the UAE). Disputes in respect of the Deed of 
Covenant, the Agency Agreement and the Notes may be settled by arbitration under the rules of the London 
Court of International Arbitration in London, England unless any holder of Notes (in the case of the Notes 
or the Deed of Covenant) or Agent (in the case of the Agency Agreement) elects to have the dispute, claim, 
difference or controversy resolved by a court, in which case the English courts will have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle such dispute (or such other court of competent jurisdiction as such party may elect). 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Governing Law and Dispute Resolution". However, there is a 
risk that the courts of the UAE may only recognise a choice of law other than the law of, and applicable in, 
the UAE if they are satisfied that there exists an appropriate nexus between the contract expressed to be 
governed by such law and the foreign law system chosen. Further, the courts of the UAE will not honour 
any provision of any foreign law system they do recognise as validly chosen which is contrary to Islamic 
Shari'a jurisprudence, public order or morals or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the UAE. See 
further "Risk Factors — Risk Factors relating to the legal and regulatory environment — UAE law and 
courts and the enforcement of foreign judgments in the Emirate of Dubai".

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 -
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 74 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................. 75 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 76 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .................................................................................... 77 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK ............................................................................................................... 79 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ..................................................................................................... 99 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SYSTEM AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATION ....... 105 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 119 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 125 
ANNEX A: FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................. 129 
ANNEX B: FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................. 140 
ANNEX C: INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .......................................................................... 152

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 -
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended. This overview must be read as an 
introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a 
consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. This general description does not purport to be complete 
and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Capitalised terms 
used herein have the same meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes". 
Issuer: 
Mashreqbank psc, a public shareholding company incorporated with limited 
liability in the United Arab Emirates. 
Issuer LEI: 
5493000SA3K24EQKA103. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Merrill Lynch International. 
Dealers: 
BNP 
Paribas, 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited, 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities 
plc, Mashreqbank psc, Merrill Lynch International, Mizuho International plc, 
Nomura International plc, Société Générale, UBS AG London Branch and any 
other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealership Agreement. 
Issuing and 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Programme 
Amount: 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Bank may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealership 
Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Bank's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Notes issued under the Programme. These include the fact 
that the Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors, certain risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
See "Risk Factors". 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to 
identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects. Each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme will be subject to the approval and be 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank restrictions, 
the Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Certain 
Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 -
 
 
Redenomination: 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be redenominated 
in euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such redenomination are 
contained 
in 
Condition 
20 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconverting). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Bank or the relevant currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and either on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global 
Note (as defined herein) or a Permanent Global Note (as defined herein), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note (a "Global 
Note") will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Interest: 
The Notes may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. In respect of each Tranche of Notes, the 
date from which interest becomes payable and the dates for interest, the maturity 
date, the repayment procedures and (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes only) an 
indication of yield will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Bank and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Bank, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Denomination of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA or offered to the public either in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area or in the UK in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under either the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in a relevant Specified 
Currency), subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements relating to a Specified Currency; however, for 
so long as any Series of Notes is represented by a Global Note and Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg so permit, such Series of Notes shall be tradable in 
minimum denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
thereafter. If a Global Note is exchanged for a Definitive Note at the option of 
the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradable only in principal amounts of at least 
€100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of withholding 
taxes imposed by the UAE unless the withholding is required by law. In that 
event, the Bank will (subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 -
 
 
they would have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been 
required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge 
provision as described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default provision as described 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued on an unsubordinated or subordinated basis, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Notes issued on an unsubordinated basis will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Bank and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with the claims of the Bank's other 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured creditors save those whose claims are preferred solely by any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application. 
 
Notes issued on a subordinated basis will constitute direct, conditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Bank and rank pari passu among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Bank in respect of Subordinated Notes (whether on 
account of principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to all 
unsubordinated payment obligations of the Bank but will rank pari passu with 
all other subordinated payment obligations of the Bank which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the payment obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes and in priority to all claims of shareholders of the Bank. 
Listing, Approval 
and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of Mashreqbank pursuant to Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Application has also been made for Notes (other 
than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application has been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II.  
 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) 
in relation to each Series. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s), competent authorities and/or quotation systems. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 -
 
 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law (save for the subordination provisions therein, which are subject to 
the application of mandatory provisions of the laws and regulations of the UAE). 
Distribution: 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (see the Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), the UK, the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of 
the PRC and Taiwan), Japan, Italy, Singapore, the UAE (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre and the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and in such other jurisdictions as may be relevant in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
United States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA C or TEFRA D, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing 
purposes of the Bank. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Bank believes that the following factors may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its obligations in 
respect of Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and the Bank is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, prior to making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the Notes should carefully 
consider, along with the other matters referred to in this Base Prospectus, the following risks associated 
with investment in UAE entities generally and in securities issued by the Bank specifically, as the case may 
be, which could be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that the Bank is 
governed by a legal and regulatory environment in the UAE which in some respects may differ from that 
prevailing in other countries. 
Prospective investors should note that the inability of the Bank to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for reasons other than those stated below. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective investors should also consult their 
own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with an investment in any Notes issued under the 
Programme and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of their particular circumstances, without 
relying on the Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers. Investors are advised to make, and will be deemed by the 
Dealers and the Bank to have made, their own investigations in relation to such factors before making any 
investment decisions in relation the Notes. 
The factors included below have been classified into the following categories: (i) risks related to the Bank's 
business activities and industry; (ii) risks relating to the United Arab Emirates; (iii) risks relating to the 
legal and regulatory environment; (iv) risks relating to the nature of the Notes; and (v) risks relating to 
Notes denominated in Renminbi. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks related to the Bank's business activities and industry 
Impact of recent macroeconomic and financial market conditions 
COVID-19 
The Bank, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macroeconomic 
environment and the performance of financial markets generally. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
performance of global debt, equity and commodity markets has been volatile, reflecting the ongoing 
volatility in the macro-economic climate which has had, and which continues to have, a material adverse 
effect on the world's economies, including the economies of the UAE and other Gulf Cooperation Council 
("GCC"), states. 
Since 2020, the macro-economic environment (both globally and within the UAE) has also been materially 
affected by the novel coronavirus which causes the disease known as "COVID-19". On 11 March 2020, the 
World Health Organization officially declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. The resulting restrictions on 
travel and public transport, requirements for people to remain at home and practice social distancing, and 
prolonged closures of workplaces severely disrupted the global economy. The UAE took a number of 
temporary precautionary and preventative measures to contain the outbreak, including suspending 
passenger and transit flights, restricting movement, closing schools and universities and imposing social 
distancing. Many of these measures were subsequently removed, although, if there are further outbreaks 
(for example, in connection with the "Omicron" or any other variant), such measures may need to be 
reimposed from time to time. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, 
disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and 
disruption in financial markets and may lead to lower economic growth in the GCC region and globally. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing as at the date of this Base Prospectus and the duration, impact and 
severity of the pandemic cannot be predicted as future variants may be identified with more severe impacts 
than those of currently known variants. Accordingly, the ultimate impact on global and local economies, 
(including on the price of oil) is unclear.

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Furthermore, the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus resulted in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting 
Countries ("OPEC") Reference Basket price volatility. A further outbreak of a new COVID-19 variant 
could negatively impact the global economy and cause uncertainty. See "The UAE's economy is highly 
dependent upon its oil revenue" below. 
Oil Price Volatility 
Prior to the oil price volatility seen from March 2020 as a result of COVID-19, oil prices had been in a 
recovery phase following a fall in prices that commenced in 2014. Between July 2014 and January 2016, 
international crude oil prices declined dramatically falling by approximately 75 per cent. from a monthly 
average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of U.S.$105.61 in July 2014, to a monthly average price 
of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016. There was a partial correction in global crude oil prices between 2017 and 
the start of 2020 (according to the OPEC website, the average price of the OPEC Reference Basket was 
approximately U.S.$66.11 per barrel for the month of January 2020). In early March 2020, OPEC officials 
proposed a plan to the members of OPEC and other non-OPEC member countries, including Russia, to cut 
global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year partnership between 
OPEC and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC 
countries, including Russia (collectively, "OPEC plus"), failing to extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 
million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In March 2020, Saudi Arabia 
announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. As a result, certain oil prices 
turned negative during April 2020 (with the West Texas Intermediate benchmark falling as low as minus 
U.S.$37.63 a barrel), as weakened demand as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, coupled with the actions 
of Saudi Arabia led to buyers being paid to take oil due to storage capacity concerns. In early April 2020, 
OPEC plus announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day. 
However, this action failed to sufficiently support the oil market with prices falling in the days following 
that announcement. This agreement was extended until July 2020, beyond which a gradual easing of the 
cuts was scheduled. In January 2021, OPEC and Russia agreed to a slight easing of the oil production cuts 
by 500,000 barrels per day and in September 2021 the OPEC Reference Basket reached a monthly average 
of U.S.$73.88. The OPEC Reference Basket price continued to fluctuate in an upward trend throughout 
2020 and 2021, reaching U.S.$85.24 as at 1 January 2022. However, rising tensions between Russia and 
NATO in connection with Ukraine at the beginning of 2022 and culminating in the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
that erupted in February 2022 (and the sanctions imposed on Russian companies and institutions in the 
energy and banking industry, coupled with the ban on import of Russian oil and gas by some NATO and 
European countries) and which is still ongoing, caused oil prices to surge above U.S.$100.00 for the first 
time since 2013 to U.S.$110.97 per barrel as at 1 May 2022. Although oil prices have since declined and 
reached a monthly average of U.S.$79.68 per barrel for 31 December 2022, increases to oil prices, due to 
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine crisis or for any other reason and particularly when coupled with high inflation, 
may have a negative impact on the Bank's corporate and individual customers. See "The UAE's economy 
is highly dependent upon its oil revenue" below for information regarding the UAE's exposure to oil prices. 
A significant reduction in international oil prices, particularly if they were to remain low for an extended 
period, could impact the Bank in a number of ways, including (i) through its exposure to customers whose 
business is, directly or indirectly, reliant on oil revenue and who become unable to service their debt, (ii) 
through reduced liquidity as deposits from government and government-related entities are withdrawn as 
these depositors are impacted by low oil prices, and (iii) through the impact of low oil prices on the UAE's 
economy and the consequent impact on the Bank's wholesale and retail customers. All of these factors have 
the potential to impact the Bank's assessment of its expected credit losses and could therefore result in 
significantly increased impairment losses in future periods. This could in turn have an adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
In addition, increased oil prices, particularly when coupled with rising inflation (as discussed further in 
"Inflation" below) could have a negative impact on the Bank's corporate and retail customers. This, in turn, 
may have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
See "The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenue" below. 
UAE Fiscal Reforms 
The volatile oil price environment referred to above stimulated a federal government-led policy of 
rationalisation of fiscal spending, which in turn, led to an ongoing transformation of the UAE economy. 
The UAE federal government has scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, reduced 
government investment, raised electricity and water tariffs and removed fuel subsidies. Further, with effect

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
from 1 January 2018, the federal government introduced a value-added tax ("VAT") regime in the UAE at 
a rate of 5 per cent. as part of a broader GCC-wide agreement. The Kingdom of Bahrain joined the GCC 
VAT regime on 1 January 2019 and Oman implemented VAT on 16 April 2021. Qatar and Kuwait are 
expected to introduce VAT in the near future. Saudi Arabia, which implemented VAT on 1 January 2018 
at the rate of 5 per cent., increased the rate to 15 per cent. effective from 1 July 2020. In addition, on 31 
January 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance announced the introduction of a corporate income tax, which 
will come into effect on 1 June 2023. See "Tax changes in the UAE may have an adverse effect on the 
Bank" below for further information. 
In the UAE, these measures have become an integral part of a broader federal government strategy aimed 
at reducing fiscal dependency on hydrocarbon related revenues, in addition to the rationalisation of fiscal 
expenditure referred to above. When taken in totality with the ongoing oil price volatility, the diversion of 
significant fiscal revenues to the Saudi Arabian-led military intervention in Yemen since 2015 and domestic 
job losses in both the private and public sectors across the UAE along with the COVID-19 pandemic, this 
ongoing transformative process could have a material adverse effect on the Banks's loan portfolio and its 
credit risk profile generally. 
Inflation 
Many of the world's economies are experiencing high levels of inflation. In 2022, inflation averaged at 7.3 
per cent. in advanced economies and 9.9 per cent. in emerging market and developing economies (source: 
International Monetary Fund World Economic Outlook 2023) and for 2023, inflation is projected at 4.6 per 
cent. in advanced economies and at 8.1 per cent. in emerging market and developing economies (source: 
International Monetary Fund World Economic Outlook 2023). Whilst the expectation is for inflation to 
generally decline, as with the growth outlook, considerable uncertainty surrounds inflation projections. 
Various factors have contributed to shaping inflation outlook, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, which 
caused increases to energy and food prices (due to disruptions in the supply of commodities such as wheat, 
corn and fertilisers). In addition, while demand grew rapidly in 2021, various bottlenecks held back supply, 
including outbreak-induced factory closures, restrictions at ports, congested shipping lanes, container 
shortfalls and worker shortages because of quarantines. Although supply bottlenecks are generally 
anticipated to ease as production responds to higher prices, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and widespread 
sanctions on Russian persons, entities and institutions are likely to prolong disruptions in some sectors into 
2023. Prolonged inflation could affect the wider global economy (by, for example, causing prompt broad-
based selling in long-duration, fixed-rate debt, which could have negative implications for equity and real 
estate markets) and the Bank's customers and counterparties (leading to lower recoverability), which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
Volatility in the Financial Markets 
During events of extreme volatility witnessed in financial markets since 2014 there have been periods of 
reduced liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in credit and capital markets. 
These adverse market conditions have impacted investment markets both globally and in the UAE, through 
increased volatility in asset prices, commodity prices, interest rates and exchange rates. 
On 6 July 2020, the Central Bank of the UAE (the "UAE Central Bank") introduced the overnight deposit 
facility to enable conventional banks operating in the UAE to deposit their surplus liquidity at the UAE 
Central Bank on an overnight basis. Accordingly, the general stance of the UAE Central Bank's monetary 
policy would be signalled through the interest rate of the overnight deposit facility, which became the main 
policy rate of the UAE Central Bank (the "UAE Base Rate"). The UAE Central Bank expects overnight 
money market rates to hover around the UAE Base Rate under normal market conditions. The UAE Base 
Rate is anchored to the United States Federal Reserve Board (the "U.S. Federal Reserve") interest rate on 
excess reserves (source: The UAE Central Bank). Between 16 March 2022 and 1 February 2023, and in 
response to high levels of inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased U.S. overnight interest rates by an 
aggregate 450 basis points. Each increase to the U.S. overnight interest rates was followed by a 
corresponding increase to the UAE Base Rate by the Central Bank. 
The UAE Central Bank has increased the UAE Base Rate since 2020 as follows:  
 
on 17 June 2021, the UAE Central Bank increased the UAE Base Rate by 5 basis points to 0.15 
per cent. replicating the U.S. Federal Reserve's move on 16 June 2021;

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
on 16 March 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced a decision to raise the UAE Base Rate by a 
further 25 basis points to 0.4 per cent. effective from 17 March 2022 following the U.S. Federal 
Reserve's announcement on 16 March 2022 to increase the interest rate on reserve balances (the 
"IORB") by 25 basis points;  
 
on 4 May 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced a decision to raise the UAE Base Rate by a 
further 50 basis points to 0.9 per cent. effective from 5 May 2022 following the U.S. Federal 
Reserve's announcement on 4 May 2022 to increase the IORB by 50 basis points; 
 
on 15 June 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced a decision to raise the UAE Base Rate by a 
further 75 basis points to 1.65 per cent. effective from 16 June 2022 following the U.S. Federal 
Reserve's announcement on 15 June 2022 to increase the IORB by 75 basis points; 
 
on 27 July 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced a decision to raise the UAE Base Rate by 
another 75 basis points to 2.4 per cent., effective from 28 July 2022 following the U.S. Federal 
Reserve's announcement on 27 July 2022 to increase the IORB by 75 basis points; 
 
on 21 September 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced a decision to raise the UAE Base Rate 
by a further 75 basis points to 3.15 per cent. effective from 22 September 2022 following the U.S. 
Federal Reserve's announcement on 21 September 2022 to increase the IORB by 75 basis points;  
 
on 2 November 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced an additional 75 basis points increase to 
the UAE Base Rate, raising it to 3.90 per cent. effective from 3 November 2022 following the U.S. 
Federal Reserve's announcement on 2 November 2022 to increase the IORB by 75 basis points; 
 
on 14 December 2022, the UAE Central Bank announced an additional 50 basis points increase to 
the UAE Base Rate, raising it to 4.40 per cent. effective from 15 December 2022 following the 
U.S. Federal Reserve's announcement on 14 December 2022 to increase the IORB by 50 basis 
points; and   
 
on 1 February 2023, the UAE Central Bank announced an additional 25 basis points increase to 
the UAE Base Rate, raising it to 4.65 per cent. effective from 2 February 2023 following the U.S. 
Federal Reserve's announcement on 1 February 2023 to increase the IORB by 25 basis points.  
Separately, on each of the dates set out above, commencing on 16 March 2022, the UAE Central Bank also 
announced a decision to maintain the interest rate applicable to borrowing short-term liquidity from the 
UAE Central Bank through all standing credit facilities at 50 basis points above the UAE Base Rate. Future 
movements in such rates may adversely impact the Bank's net interest margins, borrowing costs and capital 
if the Bank is unable to adjust to the volatile interest rate environment. 
As a result of market conditions prevailing as at the date of this Base Prospectus, companies to which the 
Bank has directly extended or continues to extend credit have experienced, and may continue to experience, 
decreased revenues, financial losses, insolvency, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased 
funding costs and some of these companies have been unable to meet their debt service obligations or other 
expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to the Bank. 
The business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Bank may be materially 
adversely affected by future periods of unfavourable economic conditions in the other countries of the GCC 
and emerging markets generally as well as by United States, European and international trading market 
conditions and/or related factors. 
Loan Growth 
The Bank's gross loans and advances, including Islamic financing, (before allowances) increased during 
2022 and were AED 95,085 million as at 31 December 2022, compared with AED 88,207 million as at 31 
December 2021. 
The Bank's credit exposure and profile continues to be monitored by the Bank's Board of Directors and 
management to accurately assess credit quality and develop the Bank's credit risk management policies and 
procedures.

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
The Bank attracts and retains qualified personnel and trains new personnel appropriately to monitor asset 
quality and to ensure access to appropriately flexible funding sources that do not impose inappropriate 
constraints on the Bank's future funding strategy. Furthermore, the development of new products geared 
towards the Bank's expanding customer profiles, require credit assessment skills and input from personnel, 
as well as well-developed and established risk management procedures and systems. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank will obtain the necessary skills and systems to manage the growth 
of its business and the related risks in a timely manner. Failure to manage growth successfully and to 
maintain the quality of its assets and/or flexibility as to funding sources could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, operations, financial condition or prospects of the Bank and could, in turn, adversely affect 
the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Principal Shareholder 
As at 31 December 2022, approximately 88.6 per cent. of the capital of the Bank was owned by members 
of the Al-Ghurair family, either directly or indirectly through companies controlled by them. The Bank 
emphasises sound corporate governance and maintains independent non-executive directors on its board, 
as well as a leadership forum comprised of senior managers who are unrelated to the Al-Ghurair family. 
See "Management and Employees – Corporate Governance", "Management and Employees – Board of 
Directors" and "Management and Employees – Board of Directors – Management Team". The Bank is also 
subject to the regulatory regime described in "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential 
Regulation". Nevertheless, the Al-Ghurair family has the ability to influence the Bank's business 
significantly through their ability to control actions that require shareholder approval. 
Concentration of Deposit Base 
Concentrations in the Bank's deposit portfolio subject it to funding risks from withdrawal of large deposits. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's 15 largest corporate depositors accounted for 18.9 per cent. of total 
amounts owed to customers compared with 23.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. The Bank intends to 
reduce the concentration in its deposit base by attracting small and medium enterprises ("SMEs") and retail 
depositors. Failure to reduce such concentration could, however, expose the Bank to increased liquidity risk 
and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations and financial condition. 
The Bank's Assets and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO") meets at least once a month to review liquidity 
ratios, asset and liability structure, interest rate and foreign exchange exposures, internal and statutory ratio 
requirements, funding gaps and domestic and international economic and financial market conditions. 
Although the Bank considers that it has adequate access to sources of funding, the withdrawal of a 
significant portion of these large deposits may have an adverse effect on the Bank's liquidity, financial 
condition and results of operations as well as its ability to meet the UAE Central Bank target stable 
resources ratio of 100 per cent. 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will be unable to meet the payment obligations associated with its 
financial liabilities when they fall due and/or replace funds when they are withdrawn. This could arise from 
the inability of the Bank to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources. 
An inability on the Bank's part to access funds or to access the markets from which it raises funds may put 
the Bank's position in liquid assets at risk and lead to it being unable to fund operations adequately. A 
dislocated credit environment also compounds the risk that the Bank will not be able to access funds at 
favourable rates. These factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view of the Bank's liquidity, 
which could result in less favourable credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and reduced access to funds. In 
addition, because the Bank receives a significant proportion of its funding from customer deposits, the Bank 
is subject to the risk that customers could withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which 
borrowers repay their loans, thus causing further liquidity strain. The Bank's inability to refinance or replace 
such deposits with alternative funding could materially adversely affect the Bank's liquidity, business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Although the UAE Ministry of Finance and the UAE Central Bank has supported the domestic banking 
industry in the past, there can be no assurance that either the UAE Ministry of Finance or the UAE Central

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Bank will provide any additional support to the Bank and the domestic banking industry or initiate support 
if another major economic disruption were to occur in the future. 
The UAE Central Bank adopted a policy of a gradual, phased introduction of the capital and liquidity 
standards for credit institutions, approved by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee") in response to the 2008 global financial crisis (the "Basel III Reforms"). As part of this 
gradual introduction of Basel III in the UAE, the UAE Central Bank informed certain banks in the UAE 
that they are obliged to report the Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio ("NSFR") to the UAE Central Bank. 
The LCR is a metric introduced by the Basel Committee as part of the Basel III Reforms to measure a 
bank's ability to manage a sustained outflow of customer funds in an acute stress event over a 30-day period. 
The ratio is calculated by taking a financial institution's stock of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets 
("HQLAs"), which include low-risk, highly marketable asset classes, designed to provide significant 
sources of liquidity in such a stress scenario, and dividing them by its projected net cash outflows over the 
immediately following 30-day period. The LCR requires that banks have sufficient HQLAs in their liquidity 
buffer to cover the difference between expected cash outflows and expected capped cash inflows over a 30-
day stressed period. The Basel III Reforms require that the minimum value of the ratio is 100 per cent. (i.e., 
an institution's stock of HQLAs should at least equal total net cash outflows) while the UAE Central Bank 
introduced LCR for the relevant UAE banks in a phased manner, setting an initial benchmark of 60 per 
cent. upon commencement of LCR compliance, increasing to 100 per cent. as of 1 January 2019. See further 
"The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation – Recent Trends in Banking – 
Liquidity". As part of the UAE Central Bank's Targeted Economic Support Scheme ("TESS"), banks that 
were subject to the LCR (such as the Bank) were able to allow their LCR to fall below the regulatory LCR 
of 100 per cent., provided that the LCR of such banks is higher than or equal to 70 per cent. The measures 
introduced by TESS expired on 30 June 2022 (see further "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and 
Prudential Regulation – COVID-19"). 
By virtue of the inherent costs associated with LCR compliance and maintaining a sufficient portfolio of 
HQLAs, the Bank may be at a competitive disadvantage to its peer UAE based financial institutions who 
are not required to monitor liquidity through LCR, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations in 
accordance with agreed terms and in doing so, causes the Bank to incur a financial loss. The Bank manages 
credit risk by monitoring credit exposures, limiting transactions with specific counterparties, diversifying 
lending activities, complying with UAE Central Bank regulatory requirements and setting internal 
concentration limits to avoid undue concentrations of risk with individuals or groups of customers in 
specific locations or businesses. Concentration in the Bank's loan portfolios subject it to risks from default 
by its larger borrowers and/or from exposures to particular sectors of the UAE economy. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's large exposure (greater than AED 750 million) and advances, including 
Islamic financing, accounted for 22.0 per cent. of gross loans and advances, including Islamic financing, 
compared with 26.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. The Bank continues to place emphasis on credit 
quality and has in place management controls to monitor and manage credit exposure. A failure to achieve 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations and financial condition. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's assets and liabilities stood at AED 98,627 million and AED 99,470 
million, respectively, in the UAE, AED 41,400 million and AED 30,429 million, respectively, in the other 
Middle Eastern countries, and AED 58,785 million and AED 44,494 million, respectively, outside the 
region. The Bank regularly reviews and monitors compliance with lending limits to individual financial 
institutions and country limits. 
Credit risk arises from adverse changes in credit quality and recoverability of loans and advances due from 
counterparties and is inherent in a wide range of the Bank's businesses. Credit risk arises from deterioration 
in the credit quality of specific counterparties or borrowers of the Bank, from a general deterioration in 
local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the financial sector.

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The Bank's gross non-performing loans to gross loans ratio decreased from 5.2 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2021 to 2.2 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Bank's loan-loss coverage 
level increased from 128 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 to 190.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2022. 
The Bank will have to continue to place emphasis on credit quality and to further develop financial and 
management controls to monitor this credit exposure. A failure to achieve this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's results of operations, financial condition and prospects which could, in turn, adversely 
affect the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Real Estate Exposure 
The Bank's real estate credit risk weighted exposures ratio is 12.9 per cent of the total credit risk weighted 
assets as at 31 December 2022, while the total credit risk weighted real estate exposure stood at AED 18.5 
billion. 
A decrease in real estate prices or a default of the Bank's main real estate related clients could have an 
adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Bank. 
The Bank has credit-related contingent items and commitments that may lead to potential losses 
As part of its normal banking business, the Bank issues loan commitments, guarantees, letters of credit and 
other financial products, all of which are accounted for as off-balance sheet until such time as they are 
funded or cancelled. Although these commitments are largely trade contingent and therefore off-balance 
sheet, they nonetheless subject the Bank to related credit and liquidity risks. While the Bank anticipates 
that only a portion of the Bank's obligations in respect of these commitments will be triggered, the Bank 
may become obligated to make payments in respect of a greater portion of such commitments, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's funding needs and credit risks. As at 31 December 2022, the 
Bank had AED 46,957 million in such contingent liabilities. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Bank is exposed to risks resulting from changes in interest rates that apply to the Bank's assets and 
liabilities. In addition, mismatches between the interest rates on its interest-bearing liabilities and 
interest-earning assets exposes the Bank to basis risk. Although: (i) the Bank monitors its interest rate 
sensitivity by analysing the composition of its assets and liabilities; and (ii) both deposits and loans often 
reprice simultaneously providing a natural hedge which reduces the interest rate exposure, sharp interest 
rate movements could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, financial condition or 
prospects of the Bank and could, in turn, adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Foreign Currency Risks 
The Bank is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position 
and cash flows. The UAE dirham is the Bank's functional currency. Almost all of the Bank's assets and 
liabilities are denominated in UAE dirham or U.S. dollars and are match funded in the same currency. As 
a result, the Bank is exposed to limited structural cross-currency foreign currency risk. However, the Bank 
currently maintains a position in U.S. dollar within limits approved by the Bank's ALCO. 
Dependence on Key Personnel 
The Bank's success in growing its business depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified and skilled personnel. The Bank also relies on its senior management for the 
implementation of its strategy and day-to-day operations. As competition for skilled personnel, especially 
at the senior management level, is intense, the Bank continues to take measures to attract, motivate and 
retain skilled personnel. 
Competition in the UAE for personnel with relevant expertise is also intense due to a disproportionately 
low number of available qualified and/or experienced individuals compared with demand. If the Bank is 
unable to retain key members of its senior management and cannot hire new qualified personnel 
replacements in a timely manner, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects of the Bank and could, in turn, adversely affect the market price 
and liquidity of Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
The Bank's business is dependent on its information and technology systems which are prone to potential 
cyber attacks 
In common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Bank's information 
and customer data from cyber attacks is real and continues to grow. The quantity of sensitive financial and 
personal identifiable information stored by financial institutions globally makes them potential targets of 
cyber attacks. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are amongst those targeting computer systems 
around the world. Risks to technology and cyber security change rapidly and require continued focus and 
investment to manage and the Bank acts accordingly and takes appropriate steps on an ongoing basis to 
combat such threats and minimise such risks by implementing cybersecurity controls. Given the increasing 
sophistication and scope of potential cyber attacks however, it is possible that future attacks may lead to 
significant breaches of security. Failure by the Bank or the Bank's customers to adequately manage 
cybersecurity risk and continually review and update current processes in response to new threats could 
disrupt the Bank's business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, create significant financial 
and/or legal exposure and damage the Bank's reputation and/or brands, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, operations and financial condition. 
Risk Management Systems 
Measurement and management of various types of risks requires substantial resources. Although 
management believes that the Bank's information technology and management information systems, 
policies and procedures are adequate for the purposes of measuring, monitoring and managing the Bank's 
exposure to credit, operational, liquidity, interest rate, foreign exchange and other risks in the context of its 
existing business, as the Bank's business continues to grow and develop, the Bank's risk profile also 
continues to evolve. Management continually assesses the Bank's risk management infrastructure and 
resources, and has made considerable investments in information technology over the last few years. In the 
event that the Bank's risk management systems are not developed in line with the growth in the Bank's 
business and related shifts in its risk exposures, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Bank and could, in turn, adversely affect the market 
price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is the risk of loss, whether direct or indirect, due to inadequate or failed internal processes 
or systems, human error, fraud or external events. Operational risk includes legal and regulatory risk, 
business process and change risk, fiduciary or disclosure breaches and technology failure. The Bank has 
developed policies, processes and assessment methodologies such as Risk & Control Self-Assessments 
("RCSA"), to ensure that operational risk is appropriately identified and managed with effective controls. 
Despite having RCSA policies and controls in place, it is not possible to eliminate any of the operational 
risks entirely. Operational risks are inherent in the Bank's day-to-day businesses, may lead to unexpected 
losses and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects which could, in turn, adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Lack of Information and Risk Assessments 
Statistical information published in the UAE relating to the economy generally or to specific economic 
sectors and corporate or financial information relating to companies and other economic enterprises is not 
as comprehensive as that found in established market economies. Thus, obtaining statistical, corporate and 
financial information, including audited financial statements and recognised debt rating reports, available 
to the Bank relating to its prospective corporate borrowers or retail clients makes the assessment of credit 
risk, including the valuation of collateral, more challenging. Although the establishment of the Al Etihad 
Credit Bureau has improved the quality of credit information available to UAE banks, the credit bureau 
remains in a developing stage. See further "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential 
Regulation – Recent trends in banking – AL Etihad Credit Bureau ". Accordingly, the Bank, in common 
with other UAE banks, is frequently required to make risk management assessments in the absence of the 
quality and quantity of information available to lenders in other, more developed markets. 
Although the Bank ordinarily makes an estimation of the net realisable value of collateral on the basis of 
which it determines applicable impairment assessment and collateralisation requirements, the absence of 
additional statistical, corporate and financial information may impact the accuracy of the Bank's 
assessments of credit risk, thereby increasing the risk of under-provisioning and decreasing the likelihood

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
that the Bank would be able to enforce any security in respect of the corresponding loan or that the relevant 
collateral will have a value commensurate to the loan secured on it. 
Exposure to Sovereigns 
Debt securities held by the Bank include securities issued by the UAE Central Bank, UAE banks and OECD 
sovereigns, as well as a range of high-grade bonds. Under statutory requirements, the Bank's foreign 
branches are required to maintain a certain portion of their deposits in sovereign or public sector bonds to 
meet regulatory reserve requirements. Liquid funds at overseas branches have typically been invested in 
securities of the respective governments. The debt securities held by overseas branches constituted 14.6 per 
cent. of the investment portfolio as at 31 December 2022. As a result, a failure by the UAE Central Bank 
or any other relevant overseas government could adversely affect the business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects of the Bank and could, in turn, adversely affect the market price and 
liquidity of Notes. 
Risk Factors relating to the United Arab Emirates 
General Risk; Emerging Market Risk 
The Bank has a majority of its operations and assets in the UAE. Accordingly, its business may be affected 
by the financial, political and general economic conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE and/or 
the Middle East generally. Moreover, investors should note that the Bank's business and financial 
performance could be adversely affected by political, economic and related developments both within and 
outside countries in which the Bank operates because of the interrelationship with global financial markets. 
Investors should also be aware that investments in developing markets, such as the UAE, are subject to 
greater risks than investments in more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, 
economic and political risks. Moreover, although economic conditions are different in each country, 
investors' reactions to developments in one country may affect securities of issuers in other countries, 
including the UAE. Accordingly, the market prices of Notes may be subject to significant fluctuations, 
which may not necessarily be related to the financial performance of the Bank. Investors should exercise 
particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in light of those 
risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, an investment in Notes is only suitable for sophisticated 
investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved. 
The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenue 
Although the UAE has a more diversified economy than most other countries in the GCC, the UAE's 
economy, directly and indirectly remains, highly dependent upon its oil revenues. 
According to data produced by OPEC, as at 31 December 2021, the UAE had approximately 8.94 per cent. 
of the proven crude oil reserves among OPEC members (giving it the fifth largest oil reserves among OPEC 
members) with OPEC members' total share in in the world's crude oil reserve being 80.37 (source: OPEC 
Annual Statistical Bulletin 2022). According to preliminary data produced by the UAE Federal 
Competitiveness and Statistics Authority ("FCSA"), the mining and quarrying sector (which includes crude 
oil and natural gas) constituted approximately 28.7 per cent. of the UAE's constant GDP as at 30 June 2022, 
as compared to 27.6 per cent as at 30 June 2021. 
According to the OPEC website, the price of the OPEC Reference Basket has fluctuated significantly in 
recent years. In addition to a fall in the demand for oil as a result of the spread of COVID-19 (see "Risks 
related to the Bank's business activities and industry – Impact of recent macroeconomic and financial 
market conditions – COVID-19"), factors such as the inability of OPEC and its allies to efficiently reach an 
agreement on oil production levels have had a significant impact on the price of oil. (see further "Risks 
related to the Bank's business activities and industry – Impact of recent macroeconomic and financial 
market conditions – Oil Price Volatility"). 
Rising tensions between Russia and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") in connection with 
Ukraine, culminating in the Russia-Ukraine crisis that erupted in February 2022 and saw sanctions imposed 
on Russian companies and institutions in the energy and banking industry and a ban on imports of Russian 
oil and gas by some NATO and European countries which is still ongoing, caused oil prices to surge above 
U.S.$100.00 for the first time since 2013 to U.S.$110.97 per barrel as at 1 May 2022. Increased oil prices, 
particularly when coupled with rising inflation, may have a negative impact on the Bank's corporate and

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
retail customers. This, in turn, may have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
With this backdrop, oil prices are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future in response to changes in 
many factors over which the Bank has no control. Factors that may affect the price of oil include, but are 
not limited to: 
 
(in the near to medium term) the effect of COVID-19 and the efficacy and availability of COVID-
19 vaccines on global economic activity and the demand for oil and gas. See further "Risks related 
to the Bank's business activities and industry – Impact of recent macroeconomic and financial 
market conditions"; 
 
economic and political developments in oil-producing regions, particularly in the Middle East and 
in Eastern Europe; 
 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for 
oil products; 
 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil-producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
 
other actions taken by major crude oil-producing or consuming countries; 
 
prices and availability of alternative fuels, global economic and political conditions, prices and 
availability of new technologies using alternative fuels; and 
 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
If international prices for hydrocarbon products were to materially fall from their current levels and remain 
there for a significant period of time into the future, this could have a material adverse effect on the UAE's 
economy which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Tax changes in the UAE may have an adverse effect on the Bank 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is not currently subject to corporation tax (or any other 
analogous tax) on its earnings within the UAE. However, on 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of 
Finance issued Federal Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 on the Taxation of Corporations and Businesses (the 
"Corporate Tax Law") to enact a Federal corporate tax regime in the UAE, that will apply to taxable 
persons for financial years beginning on or after 1 June 2023. Under the Corporate Tax Law, corporate tax 
will apply on the net profits of a business. A 9% corporate tax rate will apply to taxable income above AED 
375,000, while a rate of 0% will apply to taxable income not exceeding AED 375,000. However, there are 
a number of number of aspects of the Corporate Tax Law and the application of corporate tax pursuant to 
the law that remain to be clarified by way of a Cabinet Decision and that are critical for entities, such as the 
Bank, to determine their tax status and the amount of tax due under the Corporate Tax Law. The Bank shall 
continue to monitor the status of the aforementioned clarifications to determine its corporate tax status. The 
Bank is currently in the process of assessing the possible impact on its financial statements, both from 
current and deferred tax perspective, in preparation for full compliance with the Corporate Tax Law noting 
that the first tax period that the Corporate Tax Law will be applicable to the Bank commences on 1 January 
2024. 
Investors should also be aware that with effect from 1 January 2018, certain of the GCC states (including 
the UAE) have implemented a VAT regime at a rate of 5 per cent., as part of a broader GCC-wide 
agreement. See further "Risks related to the Bank's business activities and industry – Impact of recent 
macroeconomic and financial market conditions". 
On 11 May 2020, the government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia announced that the VAT rate in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia would increase from 5 per cent. to 15 per cent. as of 1 July 2020. Also on 11 
May 2020, the UAE Ministry of Finance stated that there were no immediate plans to increase the rate of 
VAT in the UAE.

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
The UAE national legislation implementing this framework agreement was published on 23 August 2017 
(UAE Federal Decree Law No. 8 of 2017) and, on 28 November 2017, the UAE Ministry of Finance 
published accompanying VAT implementing regulations. 
The implementation of changes to corporation tax (or any other analogous tax regime) may have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which in turn 
could affect the Bank's ability to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. With respect to the 
introduction of VAT in the UAE, the Bank's costs have increased and its future profitability could be 
negatively affected, in comparison to the previous tax-free environment. 
Political, Economic and Related Considerations 
While, historically, the UAE has enjoyed significant economic growth and relative political stability, there 
can be no assurance that such growth or stability will continue, particularly in the light of significant adverse 
financial and economic conditions experienced worldwide since early 2008 and, in particular, in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. Since that time, there has been a slowdown or reversal of the high rates of growth 
that had been experienced by many countries within the GCC and the UAE, especially in Dubai. 
Consequently, certain sectors of the GCC economy such as financial institutions that had benefited from 
such high growth rates, have been adversely affected by the global slowdown. 
Economic fallout from the global COVID-19 pandemic may have further severe negative impacts on the 
global economy and, in turn, the UAE economy. While the UAE Central Bank has taken steps to manage 
the adverse impact, the UAE's economic trajectory over the medium term may be adversely impacted by 
regional and global economic impacts of COVID-19. 
Finally, although the UAE government's policies have generally resulted in improved economic 
performance, no assurance can be given that such level of performance will be sustained. Similarly, since 
2008, global credit markets, particularly in the United States and Europe, have experienced difficult 
conditions. These challenging market conditions have resulted in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, 
widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. The adverse market conditions 
have impacted investment markets both globally and in the UAE, including adverse changes and increased 
volatility in interest rates and exchange rates and decreased returns from equity, property and other 
investments. Such conditions, particularly if they persist for prolonged periods will likely exacerbate the 
adverse effects that have already been manifested in the UAE property sector. 
No assurance can be given that the UAE government will not implement regulations or fiscal or monetary 
policies, including policies or regulations, or new legal interpretations of existing policies or regulations, 
relating to or affecting taxation, interest rates or exchange controls, or otherwise take actions which could 
have a material adverse effect on such performance and, in turn, on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
In addition, much of the revenue to the UAE is generated by the delivery of oil and gas services. The flow 
of revenue could be disrupted or affected by the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war, terrorist 
activity, attacks on oil installations and other similar events or a general decline in global oil prices. See 
further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the United Arab Emirates – The UAE's economy is highly 
dependent upon its oil revenue". 
While the UAE is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other jurisdictions in the Middle 
East are not and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE. Instability in the 
Middle East may result from a number of factors, including government or military regime change, civil 
unrest or terrorism. In particular, in June 2017, a number of Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") 
countries including the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain and the Arab Republic 
of Egypt severed diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar, citing Qatar's alleged support for terrorism 
and accusing Qatar of creating instability in the region. The termination of diplomatic relations included 
the withdrawal of ambassadors and imposing trade and travel bans. However, in January 2021, the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Egypt and the UAE announced the ending of the blockade of 
Qatar including the restoration of diplomatic relations and the reopening of land and sea borders. 
Furthermore, in September 2019, an attack on two Saudi Aramco oil facilities forced the Saudi government 
to shut down a significant amount of oil production temporarily and led to a temporary increase in oil prices.

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
There has also been an escalation of tension between Iran and a number of western governments in 2019 
following the United States' withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, including the attack 
on a number of oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, the seizure of foreign-flagged oil tankers, missile strikes 
by Iran on United States military bases in Iraq and the decision of Iran to resume uranium enrichment 
activities. In addition, in January 2020, the United States carried out a military strike which killed Qassem 
Soleimani, a senior Iranian military commander. As a result of this military strike, Iran launched missiles 
at U.S. bases in Iraq. More recently, in August 2020, the UAE and the Kingdom of Bahrain announced the 
normalisation of relations with Israel. 
On 17 January 2022, the Houthis, a militant Yemeni movement, claimed responsibility for what the UAE 
described as a drone and missile attack on Abu Dhabi at the facilities of Abu Dhabi National Oil 
Corporation, a state-owned oil company. In the following weeks, UAE forces intercepted three more hostile 
drones that entered UAE airspace, one of which was claimed by an Iraqi militia group. 
The Bank's business may be affected by the financial, political and general economic conditions prevailing 
from time to time in the UAE and the MENA region. It is not possible to predict the occurrence of events 
or circumstances such as war, terrorism, civil unrest or hostilities, or the impact of such occurrences, and 
no assurance can be given that the Bank would be able to sustain its business and/or the development of all 
of its projects if further adverse political events or circumstances were to occur. Any such occurrences 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations 
and this could therefore affect the ability of the Bank to perform its obligations in respect of any Notes. 
As at 31 December 2022, 43.8 per cent. of the Bank's gross loans and advances, including Islamic financing, 
are to corporate and commercial borrowers in the UAE and accordingly, a downturn or instability in certain 
sectors of the UAE or regional economy could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Foreign exchange movements or any alteration to, or abolition of, the foreign exchange "peg" of the 
UAE dirham to the U.S. dollar may adversely affect the Bank's profitability 
The Bank maintains its accounts, and reports its results, in the UAE dirham, while the Notes are likely to 
be denominated and payable in U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. Although the AED has been 
'pegged' at a fixed exchange rate to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980, the Bank is exposed to the 
potential impact of any alteration to, or abolition of, this foreign exchange 'peg'. 
In response to the volatility of oil prices internationally through 2015, oil producing countries with 
currencies that had been traditionally pegged to the U.S. dollar, faced pressure to de-peg and, in certain 
cases, did de-peg their currencies. For example, Kazakhstan de-pegged the Kazakhstani tenge from the U.S. 
dollar on 20 August 2015, which was followed on 21 December 2015 by the removal of the U.S. dollar peg 
against the Azerbaijani manat. 
There is a risk that additional countries may choose to unwind their existing currency peg to the U.S. dollar, 
both in the GCC and the wider region. While the long-term impacts of such actions are uncertain, it is likely 
that any such de-pegged currency would face a de-valuation against the U.S. dollar immediately post-
removal of the peg. Given the levels of exposure amongst regional financial institutions to other pegged 
currencies, it is also likely that such currency de-valuation(s) would pose a systemic risk to the regional 
banking systems in the UAE and across the GCC region, thereby impacting the open cross-currency 
positions held by regional banks, including the Bank. 
While the UAE Central Bank has re-iterated its intention to retain the UAE dirham peg against the U.S. 
dollar, there can be no assurance that the UAE dirham will not be de-pegged in the future or that the existing 
peg will not be adjusted in a manner that adversely affects the Bank's result of operations and financial 
condition. Additionally, any such de-pegging either in the UAE or across the wider region, particularly if 
such de-pegging is accompanied by the anticipated currency de-valuations against the U.S. dollar (as 
described above), could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects, and thereby affect the Bank's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Risk Factors relating to the legal and regulatory environment 
Regulation of the Banking Industry 
The Bank conducts activities in a highly regulated market which exposes it to risks arising from laws and 
regulations that apply to the businesses it operates. These laws and regulations are highly dynamic, may 
vary between jurisdictions, and can be unclear in their application to particular circumstances, especially in 
new and emerging areas. This exposes the Bank to the risk of loss or the imposition of penalties, damages 
or fines from the failure of the Bank to meet its legal obligations. 
A breach of applicable legislation and/or regulations by the Bank or its employees could result in criminal 
prosecution, regulatory censure, significant fines and other sanctions in the jurisdictions in which the Bank 
operates. The Bank may be subject to requests for information, investigations and other reviews by 
regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with business activities in which the Bank 
is, or has been, engaged. 
The outcome of legal or regulatory matters, both those to which the Bank is currently exposed and any 
others which may arise in the future, is difficult to predict. In connection with such matters, the Bank 
may incur significant expense, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and any such matters could expose 
the Bank to any of the following outcomes: substantial monetary damages, settlements and/or fines; 
remediation of affected customers and clients; other penalties and injunctive relief; additional litigation; 
criminal prosecution; the loss of any existing agreed protection from prosecution; regulatory restrictions on 
the Bank's business operations including the withdrawal of authorisations; increased regulatory compliance 
requirements or changes to laws or regulations; suspension of operations; public reprimands; loss of 
significant assets or business; a negative effect on the Bank's reputation; loss of confidence by investors, 
counterparties, clients and/or customers; risk of credit rating agency downgrades; potential negative impact 
on the availability and/or cost of funding and liquidity; and/or dismissal or resignation of key individuals. 
Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects, and further on the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
The Bank is subject to a number of prudential controls designed to maintain the safety and soundness of 
banks, ensure their compliance with economic, social and other objectives and limit their exposure to risk. 
These include UAE federal laws and regulations (particularly those of the UAE federal government and the 
UAE Central Bank). In particular (but without limitation), the Bank is subject to restrictions on credit limits 
in respect of real estate and construction financing, major shareholders or to a single customer (based on 
the Bank's customer deposits and/or capital and reserves as prescribed by the UAE Central Bank). Such 
regulations may limit the Bank's ability to increase its loan portfolio or raise capital or may increase the 
Bank's cost of doing business. 
Regulatory standards applicable to banks in the UAE and the oversight and enforcement thereof by the 
regulators may differ from those applicable to banking operations in more highly developed regulatory 
regimes. There can be no assurance that the UAE Government will not implement regulations or policies, 
including policies or regulations or legal interpretations of existing banking or other regulations, relating to 
or affecting taxation, interest rates, commissions, fees, inflation or exchange controls, or otherwise take 
action that could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects, and further on the market price and liquidity of the Notes. 
Although the Bank works closely with its regulators and continually monitors the situation, future changes 
in regulation, fiscal or other policies which may have a material adverse effect upon the Bank's business, 
the value of its assets and its financial condition cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of the Bank. 
A description of the legal and regulatory environment applicable to banks generally in the UAE is set out 
below under "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation". 
Changes to the Basel regulatory framework as implemented in the UAE may have an effect on 
Subordinated Notes 
The Basel Committee has put forward a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework 
for internationally active banks. On 16 December 2010 and on 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee 
issued the Basel III Reforms, constituting guidance on the eligibility criteria for Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital 
standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions. The implementation of the

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Basel III Reforms began on 1 January 2013; however, the requirements are subject to a series of transitional 
arrangements that will be phased in over a period of time. The Basel Committee's press release dated 13 
January 2011 entitled "Minimum requirements to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability" (the 
"January 2011 Press Release") included an additional qualification requirement for Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments under Basel III. 
This requirement (the "Non-Viability Requirement") requires contractual or legislative terms providing 
for, at the option of the relevant authority, the writing-off of the principal amount of Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments or the conversion of such Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments into ordinary shares upon 
the occurrence of the earlier of: (a) a decision that a write-off, without which the relevant bank would 
become non-viable, is necessary; and (b) the decision to make a public sector injection of capital, without 
which the relevant bank would become non-viable, in each case as determined by the relevant authority (a 
"Non-Viability Event"). This definition is for illustrative purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the 
meaning ascribed to the term "Non-Viability Event" (or any term equivalent thereto) pursuant to any law 
or regulation implementing Basel III in the UAE. 
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the 
"February 2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612, which were effective from 1 February 
2017. The February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating 
in the UAE is in line with the Basel III Reforms, whilst implementing the measures contained in the May 
2016 consultation document published by the UAE Central Bank, entitled "Capital Adequacy Regulation" 
(the "Consultation Document"). 
The February 2017 Regulations are supported by accompanying standards (the "Accompanying 
Standards") which were published by the UAE Central Bank on 17 January 2018 in its Circular No. 
28/2018 entitled "Standard re Capital Supply" and are expressed to be effective from 31 December 2017. 
In addition, in March 2018 the UAE Central Bank published its "Standard re Tier Capital Instruments" 
(the "Standard re Tier Capital Instruments" and together with the Accompanying Standards, the 
"Capital Standards") (and accompanying guidance), expressed to be effective from 31 March 2018. The 
Capital Standards elaborate on the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the 
February 2017 Regulations, with respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how 
they will be applied by the UAE Central Bank to banks in the UAE. For example, banks which are classified 
as "domestic systemically important banks" (D-SIBs) by the UAE Central Bank will be required to hold 
additional capital buffers as notified to them by the UAE Central Bank. In addition, a bank may also be 
subject to additional capital add-on requirements following a Supervisory Review and Evaluation process 
of the UAE Central Bank. 
Moreover, the UAE Central Bank's Standard Re Tier Capital Instruments requires that a periodic 
distribution on any additional tier 1 instrument should be cancelled if the relevant UAE bank does not have 
sufficient "Distributable Items" on the relevant date for payment of (i) such periodic distribution and (ii) 
certain other payment obligations. However, if the UAE Central Bank's ultimate implementation of any 
additional counter-cyclical or systemically important buffers is not in accordance with the provisions set 
out in the February 2017 Regulations and the Capital Standards, the regulatory burden on UAE financial 
institutions such as the Bank may further increase which could adversely impact the Bank's business. In 
addition, if further counter-cyclical or systemically important buffers are implemented by the UAE Central 
Bank, it is possible that UAE financial institutions, including the Bank, will be required to increase the 
levels of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (together, 
"Regulatory Capital") that they hold on their balance sheets. 
Such regulations may limit the Bank's ability to increase its loan portfolio or raise capital or may increase 
the Bank's cost of doing business. Any further changes in laws or in UAE Central Bank regulations or 
policy and/or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may affect the Bank's reserves, revenues 
and performance and may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, non-compliance with regulatory guidelines could expose 
the Bank to potential liabilities and fines. Although the Bank works closely with its regulators and 
continually monitors compliance with UAE Central Bank regulations and policy, future changes in 
regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond its control. See further "The United 
Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation – Recent Trends in Banking – Capital 
adequacy".

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
UAE law and courts and the enforcement of foreign judgments in the Emirate of Dubai 
The payments under the Notes are dependent on the Bank making payments in the manner contemplated 
under the Notes. If the Bank fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against the Bank to enforce 
its obligations and/or to claim damages as appropriate, which may be costly and time-consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne in 
mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement of 
remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
The Bank has irrevocably agreed to the Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant (each as 
defined in the Conditions) and the Dealership Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale") being 
governed by English law. Unresolved disputes in relation to the Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant and/or the Dealership Agreement (as applicable) will, unless the option to litigate set out 
therein is exercised, be referred to arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules, with the seat of arbitration 
in London. In the event that such option to litigate set out therein is exercised, any dispute may also be 
referred to the courts of England (or another court of competent jurisdiction as the relevant party may elect). 
Notwithstanding that an arbitral award may be obtained from an arbitral tribunal in London or that a 
judgment may be obtained in an English court, there is no assurance that the Bank has, or would at the 
relevant time have, assets in the UK against which such arbitral award or judgment could be enforced. 
The Bank is a UAE company and is incorporated in and has its operations and the majority of its assets 
located in the UAE. Under current UAE federal law, the courts in the UAE are unlikely to enforce an 
English court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the parties' choice 
of English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established 
as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law by a court in the UAE may not accord with that 
of an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if they are satisfied 
that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which 
has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public 
policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the UAE. This may mean 
that the UAE courts may seek to interpret English law governed documents as if they were governed by 
UAE law and there can therefore be no certainty that in those circumstances the UAE courts would give 
effect to such documents in the same manner as the parties may intend. 
As the UAE is a civil law jurisdiction, judicial precedents in the UAE have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, court decisions in Dubai are generally not recorded and there is no formal system of 
reporting court decisions in the UAE. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty than would be 
expected in other jurisdictions. The enforcement of a foreign judgment or arbitral award may be a lengthy 
process in the UAE. 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the 
"New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any 
other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be 
enforceable in the UAE in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V(1) of the New York Convention to 
refuse enforcement, or the UAE courts find pursuant to Article V(2) of the New York Convention that the 
subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by arbitration or enforcement would be contrary 
to the public policy of the UAE. 
In practice, however, there is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions 
would be interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a 
foreign arbitration award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or 
bilateral enforcement convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent 
in the UAE and the independent existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court 
systems, whose rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross border. Although there are examples 
of foreign arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases 
where the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards has been refused, with, for example, the relevant judge 
confusing the requirements for the enforcement of domestic awards with the requirements for the 
enforcement of foreign court judgments under the UAE. Federal Law No. 1 of 1992 as amended, or ignoring

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
the provisions of Article 238 of Federal Law No. 11 of 1992 (as amended by Federal Law No. 30 of 2005) 
(the Law of Civil Procedure). 
Federal Law No. 42 of 2022 Promulgating the Civil Procedure Code ("Law of Civil Procedure") governs 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the UAE. The Law of Civil Procedure confirms that arbitral 
awards issued in a foreign state may be enforced in the UAE and that any conditions for enforcement of 
foreign arbitral awards set out therein shall not prejudice the provisions of treaties and agreements entered 
into by the UAE with other states, such as the New York Convention. However, there is no established 
track record as to how the overlapping provisions of the New York Convention and the Law of Civil 
Procedure will be interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice. In addition, there remains a risk 
that, notwithstanding the Law of Civil Procedure and the terms of an applicable treaties or agreements 
between the UAE and other states, the UAE courts may in practice still consider and apply the grounds set 
out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE 
arbitral award. As the UAE Arbitration Law and the Law of Civil Procedure are both relatively untested, it 
is unclear how they will be applied by the UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-
UAE arbitral award will be refused enforcement by the UAE courts. 
UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect the holders of Notes 
In the event of the Bank's insolvency, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect the Bank's ability to 
perform its obligations under the Programme and, in turn, may adversely affect the Bank's ability to make 
payments to Noteholders. There is little precedent to predict how claims by or on behalf of the Noteholders 
against the Bank upon its insolvency would be resolved, and therefore there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will receive payment of their claims in full or at all in these circumstances. 
Risk Factors relating to the nature of the Notes 
Notes subject to Optional Redemption by the Bank 
The Bank may issue Notes which entitle the Bank to redeem such Notes prior to their maturity date at its 
option and at a price which may be less than the prevailing market price of those Notes. An optional 
redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Bank may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. However, this may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider the reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
Certain benchmark rates, including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), may be discontinued 
or reformed in the future. The EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or 
another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any 
of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the Eurozone. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the 
Eurozone. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) and Condition 7(j) 
(Benchmark Replacement – SOFR)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to 
such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other 
such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark 
continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the rate of interest for the immediately preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from 
the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates, in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates such as SOFR, 
SONIA and €STR (each as defined below)) as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Bank may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it 
under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a 
risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the debt security, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free 
rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in debt securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free 
rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related indices 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded 
Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of 
these risk-free rates, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related 
to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising 
or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Subordination 
Purchasers of Subordinated Notes should be aware that the rights of holders of Subordinated Notes against 
the Bank are subordinated in right of payment to the claims of all Senior Creditors (creditors of the Bank 
(including depositors), other than creditors in respect of indebtedness where, by the terms of such 
indebtedness, the claims of the holders of that indebtedness rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, 
or junior to, the claims of the Bank's subordinated and unsecured creditors, save those whose claims are 
preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) of 
the Bank and, accordingly, payments by the Bank in respect of Subordinated Notes (whether on account of 
principal, interest or otherwise) are conditional upon the Bank being solvent at the time of such payment. 
No payment shall be payable by the Bank in respect of Subordinated Notes except to the extent that the 
Bank could make such payment, and any other payment required to be made to a creditor in respect of any 
indebtedness, which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the relevant Subordinated Notes, and still 
be solvent immediately thereafter. For this purpose, the Bank shall be solvent if: (i) it is able to pay its debts 
as they fall due; and (ii) its assets exceed its liabilities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Bank has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Bank may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Bank converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Bank converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
Notes may be subject to early redemption for tax reasons 
Pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Bank may, at any time (if the Floating Rate 
Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable) 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem in accordance with the Conditions, all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. 
Any such redemption of the Notes is subject to the requirements set out in Conditions 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons). 
There is no assurance that the holders of the Notes will be able to reinvest the amount received upon such 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes. During any 
period when the Bank may redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in the Conditions) payable. Potential 
investors should consider the re-investment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to early redemption for regulatory reasons 
Pursuant to Condition 9(f) (Regulatory Redemption Event), on the occurrence of a Regulatory Redemption 
Event (as defined in the Conditions), the Bank shall, at any time on any Interest Payment Date having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' prior notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some 
only, of the Subordinated Notes at their Make Whole Redemption Amount. 
There is no assurance that the holders of the Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amount received 
upon such redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Bank redeems the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the Regulatory Redemption Amount 
payable. Potential investors should consider the re-investment risk in light of other investments available 
at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared with conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
No Market; Illiquidity 
The Notes are new debt securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no 
active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with 
and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been 
made for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market there can be no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular 
Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it 
will continue. In addition, the Bank may choose to issue unlisted Notes. Any one or more of the Dealers 
may make a market in the Notes, but are not obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making, if 
commenced, at any time without notice. There can be no assurance that a secondary market will develop 
for the Notes (including, in particular RMB Notes) or, if a secondary market therein does develop, that it 
will continue. In which case, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Bank. 
Accordingly, the purchase of Notes is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks of no liquidity and 
the financial and other risks associated with an investment in Notes. 
Exchange Trading 
If a particular Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is to be traded on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on or by any other relevant stock exchange, competent authority and/or 
quotation system within the European Union (the "EU"), which qualifies as a regulated market for the 
purposes of EU MiFID II (each, for the purposes of the following, an "EU Exchange"), the Bank expects, 
but is not obligated to investors, to maintain the eligibility of the Notes for trading on such EU Exchange(s). 
Changed circumstances, including changes in applicable regulatory requirements, could result in a 
suspension or removal of trading privileges, or cause the Bank to conclude that continued trading of the 
Notes on such EU Exchange(s) is unduly burdensome. 
Noteholder Meetings; Modification 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(i)(v) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) and 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), as applicable, certain changes may be made to the

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. The Conditions also 
provide that they may be amended, without the consent of Noteholders, to correct a manifest error, in the 
circumstances specified in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
Change of law 
The structure of the issue of the Notes under the Programme is based on English law, UAE law and 
administrative practices in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, UAE law or administrative practices after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change could 
adversely affect the ability of the Bank to make payments under the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
or to comply with its obligations under the transaction documents to which it is a party. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples; Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the relevant minimum denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of 
Notes other than a multiple of the relevant minimum denomination will receive Definitive Notes in respect 
of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum 
denomination), however, any such Definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the 
relevant minimum denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the relevant minimum denomination 
may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least the relevant minimum 
denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Bank 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive 
Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Bank in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency.

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: 
(a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes; and (c) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Limited information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is disclosed on the front cover of 
this Base Prospectus and, if a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A downgrade in the Bank's credit ratings could limit its ability to negotiate new loan facilities or access 
the debt capital markets and may increase its borrowing costs and/or adversely affect its relationship 
with creditors 
The Bank's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they fall 
due, are an important factor in determining the Bank's cost of borrowing funds. The interest rates of the 
Bank's borrowings are partly dependent on its credit ratings. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank has been rated by Fitch at A, Moody's at Baa1 and S&P at A-. A downgrade of the Bank's credit 
ratings may increase its cost of borrowing and materially adversely affect its results of operations. 
A downgrade of the Bank's credit ratings may also limit its or its subsidiaries' ability to raise capital. 
Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes (if 
applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, ratings assigned to the Notes 
(if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any 
additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the value of the Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. A description of 
risks which may be relevant to an investor in RMB Notes is set out below: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar.

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Bank to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in 
Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Bank's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross Border Inter Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is 
further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore interbank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes. To the extent that the Bank is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB 
Notes, there is no assurance that the Bank will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all. 
Investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. Dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
the RMB Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the RMB Notes in that 
foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the RMB Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Bank is unable to or it is impracticable for it to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the RMB Notes as a result of an RMB Currency Event (as defined in the Conditions), the Bank shall be 
entitled, on giving notice as soon as practicable to the investors in accordance with the Conditions stating 
the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed in relation 
thereto, to settle any such payment in the Relevant Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date (as defined in the Conditions) of any 
such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Payments with respect to the RMB Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the RMB Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the RMB Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the RMB 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary, for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong or in the RMB Settlement Centre(s), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(ii) for so long as the RMB Notes are represented by Global Notes, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures or (iii) for so long as the 
RMB Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or in 
the RMB Settlement Centre(s), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with prevailing 
rules and regulations. The Bank cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any 
other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual Holder from the transfer 
of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
The relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes that have a maturity of more than 365 days will also 
specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5I(c)2)(i)(c) (or any successor United States 
Treasury Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes. For each Tranche of Notes that do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days, regardless of when issued, the relevant Final Terms shall specify that the TEFRA C 
Rules and the TEFRA D Rules are not applicable. 
All relevant information with respect to the Notes in a particular Tranche, including with respect to any 
reference or underlying securities relating to such Notes, will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Bank shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to 
the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of 
any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, upon notice, in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if: (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in 
Condition 11 (Taxation), which would not be required were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Bank shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
In the event that a Permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Bank shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The option for Temporary Global Notes to be exchangeable for Definitive Notes by giving notice should 
not be expressed to be applicable under paragraph 19 (Bearer Notes) of Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
if the relevant Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. Furthermore, Notes should not be issued which 
have such denominations if such Notes are to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, references in the Conditions to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Bank to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Bank in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Bank will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to the Global Note. 
The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Bank in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Global Note, the Bank shall procure that the same is noted in a schedule thereto. 
Payment Business Day: in the case of a Global Note shall be a day on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation and if the currency of payment is euro, 
any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is 
a day on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders (Investor Put)), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Bank (Issuer Call)) in relation to only some of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Bank in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, provided, however, that, so long as 
the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, notices will also be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Redenomination: If the Notes are redenominated pursuant to Condition 20 (Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconverting), then the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro 
converted at the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency into euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance 
with European Community regulations); provided, however that, if the Bank determines with the 
agreement of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent that market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into euro of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such market practice 
shall prevail. 
Tradable Amounts: So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note and the relevant Clearing System(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum 
authorised denomination of €100,000 and higher integral multiples of €1,000, notwithstanding that no 
definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
THE UNITED STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or 
Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised 
on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as 
applicable, the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under 
the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Form 
of the Notes" above. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which will not be admitted to listing, trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of EU MiFID II in the European Economic Area and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system ("Exempt Notes") and, accordingly, for which no base prospectus 
is required to be produced in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"), a pricing supplement (a "Pricing Supplement") will be issued describing the Final Terms of 
such Tranche of Exempt Notes. Each reference in these terms and conditions to "Final Terms" shall, in the 
case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, be read and construed as a reference to such Pricing Supplement unless 
the context requires otherwise. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Mashreqbank psc (the "Bank") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of Final Terms (in respect of a Tranche, together, the "Final Terms") which complete these 
terms and conditions (the "Conditions") (other than a Tranche of Exempt Notes which is the 
subject of a pricing supplement). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 8 March 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Bank, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent (the "Issuing and Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes 
any successor Issuing and Principal Paying Agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the "Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent. References to the "relevant Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Notes. 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes are the subject of a deed of covenant dated 8 March 2023 (the "Deed 
of Covenant") and made by the Bank. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to its detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of 
each of the Paying Agents. 
(g) 
Copies: Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office of the Bank and

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is neither admitted on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Bank and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
If this Note is admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, the 
relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.LuxSE.com. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the relevant Final Terms. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Bank) or the Bank (as applicable), determines should be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Bank) or the Bank (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds for a commensurate period and 
denominated in the Specified Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Bank) or the Bank in its discretion (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith), is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in 
its discretion (in consultation with the Bank) or the Bank in its discretion (as applicable) 
determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as applicable) determines has 
replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of bonds for a commensurate period and denominated in the 
Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as applicable) determines, 
each in its own discretion, acting in good faith, is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable); 
"Amortisation Percentage" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the corresponding 
percentage figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Auditors" means a firm of independent auditors of good repute appointed by the Bank; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a Specified Future Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the 
methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraph (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date;

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London, Dubai and any Additional Business Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
(1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System which was launched on 19 November 2007, or any successor thereto (the 
"TARGET2 System") is open; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined below); 
or 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day, save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment 
will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon" means an interest coupon pertaining to a Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period" as the same may be adjusted in accordance with any relevant Business 
Day Convention, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), such day count fraction as may be 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of: (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of: (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of: (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period; and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ+ Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ+ Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day inducted in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ+ Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, unless: (i) that day is the last day of 
February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the maturity date as set out in the Final Terms (the "Maturity Date"); or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 would be 30, provided, however, that in each such case 
the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day 
of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
"Exempt Notes" means Notes issued under the Programme for which no base prospectus is 
required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
"Group" means the Bank, its holding company (if any) and the Subsidiaries of the Bank or of any 
such holding company for the time being; 
"Holder" or "Noteholder" means the holder of a Note; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Bank at its own expense;

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period (other than Adjusted RMB Fixed Rate 
Notes); 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Amount" means, with respect to any Note to which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions apply, the principal amount of such Note multiplied by the applicable 
Amortisation Percentage relating to the Interest Payment Date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed in accordance with Condition 9(f) (Regulatory Redemption Event) and, in relation to any 
Note to which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions apply, the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary of the Bank or of its holding company (if any) the 
book value of the assets of which exceeds five per cent. of the book value of the assets of the Group 
taken as a whole or the revenues of which exceed five per cent. of the revenues of the Group taken 
as a whole or the net income of which exceeds five per cent. of the net income of the Group taken 
as a whole and, for these purposes: 
(i) 
the book value of the assets, the revenues and the net income of such Subsidiary shall be 
determined by reference to its then most recent audited annual financial statements (or, if 
none, its then most recent management accounts); and 
(ii) 
the book value of the assets and the revenues of the Group shall be determined by reference 
to its then most recent audited annual consolidated financial statements, 
in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may consider appropriate, to take account of any changes in 
circumstances since the date as of which such financial statements (or management accounts) were 
prepared.

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
A report of the Auditors that in their opinion a company or corporation is or is not or was or was 
not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
in the case of Definitive Notes, a day on which banks in the relevant place of 
presentation are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
in the case of Definitive Notes, a day on which banks in the relevant place of 
presentation are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interests" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest granted upon or with regard to any asset or property hereafter 
acquired by the Bank or any Material Subsidiary to secure the purchase price of such 
property (and transactional expenses related to such acquisition) or to secure Indebtedness 
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property (including 
interest accrued thereon) and transactional expenses related to such acquisition, including 
any Security Interest existing at the time of its acquisition (other than a Security Interest 
created in contemplation of such acquisition); provided, however, that the maximum 
sum secured by such Security Interest shall not exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent on the 
date of purchase of the purchase price of such property (including transactional expenses) 
or the U.S. dollar equivalent on the date of the incurrence of the Indebtedness (including 
interest accrued thereon) incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of 
such property (including transactional expenses);

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of the Bank's banking business or of 
the respective business activities of its Material Subsidiaries including, without limitation, 
sale and repurchase transactions and share, loan and bond lending transactions, provided 
that any such Security Interest is limited to the assets which are the subject of the relevant 
transaction; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest in respect of any Indebtedness, provided that the aggregate 
outstanding amount secured thereby shall not at any time exceed an amount equal to 5 per 
cent. of the aggregate of the share capital and reserves of the Bank and its Subsidiaries, as 
provided in its most recent audited accounts; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created or outstanding with the prior approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders; 
(v) 
any Security Interest in existence on the date hereof and any extension, renewal or 
replacement thereof; provided, however, that the total amount of Indebtedness so secured 
shall not exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount so secured on the date hereof; 
and 
(vi) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the normal course of business, if 
such Security Interest is discharged within thirty days of arising; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, 
it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of 
the Relevant Currency; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put), the Early Termination Amount, the Make Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount 
in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulator" means the Central Bank of the UAE, including any successor thereto as the relevant 
regulator of banks in the UAE; 
"Regulatory Redemption Event" means, in respect of any Note, any change to any applicable 
regulatory rules or to the application or official interpretation thereof at any relevant time which 
has been previously announced in an official publication of the Regulator or of any other relevant 
governmental, regulatory or judicial body in the UAE and by reason of which such Note would not 
on the next Interest Payment Date thereafter be capable of being counted as Tier II (supplementary) 
Capital, provided that such Note has qualified as Tier II (supplementary) Capital at any time 
following the date on which it was issued; 
"Regulatory Redemption Event Period" means the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to and including the Step-Up Date; 
"Relevant Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of: (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due; and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part 
thereof, or I the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
"Renminbi" or "RMB" means the lawful currency for the time being of the People's Republic of 
China (the "PRC"), which, for these purposes, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Markets 3000 and the Bridge/Telerate Service) specified 
as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes 
or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"RMB Currency Events" means, with respect to any Notes where the Relevant Currency is 
Renminbi, any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility; 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) becomes illiquid as a result of which the Bank cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to 
make a payment under the Notes, as determined by the Bank in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute 
active in the RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Bank 
to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date in the general 
RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Bank to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Bank, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Bank to deliver RMB between accounts inside the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from 
an account inside the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the applicable 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended), other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Bank to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the 
Bank, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"RMB Settlement Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong 
Kong; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, mortgage prenotation, charge, pledge, lien or other 
security interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under 
the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Bank (including depositors), other than creditors in 
respect of indebtedness where, by the terms of such indebtedness, the claims of the holders of that 
indebtedness rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the Bank's

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
subordinated and unsecured creditors, save those whose claims are preferred solely by any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application; 
"Senior Notes" means Notes issued under the Programme on a senior or unsubordinated basis as 
described under Condition 4(a) (Status of the Senior Notes); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in a relevant Specified 
Currency); 
"Specified Office" of any Agent means the office specified against its name in the Agency 
Agreement or any other address as the Agent has, by prior written notice to the sender, specified 
for the relevant purpose; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot RMB/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the 
Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the 
applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (local time at the applicable RMB 
Settlement Centre(s)) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to the 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable Basis) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), or 
if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page (Non-deliverable Basis) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). If neither rate is available, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information 
which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the 
Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) or 
elsewhere and the RMB/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange 
market; 
"Step-Up Date" means the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the Notes; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes issued under the Programme on a subordinated basis as 
described under Condition 4(b) (Status of the Subordinated Notes); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls, whether by ownership of share capital, 
contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as applicable) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such 
Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"Tier II (supplementary) Capital" has the meaning set out in Circular 13/93 relating to Capital 
Adequacy published on 14 April, 1993 by the Regulator (as the same may be supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced from time to time); 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended;

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR); and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
each reference to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, be read 
and construed as a reference to a Pricing Supplement unless the context requires otherwise; 
(iii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iv) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(v) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(viii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(ix) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes; and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination. Notes are issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s), except that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an 
exchange of a Member State of the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or 
in the UK in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 will be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in a relevant Specified Currency), and save for Zero Coupon Notes, Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series 
of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will 
not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Subject as set out below, title 
to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof). But, in the case of any Global Note,

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph, no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such Holder. 
The Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Bank and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal amount 
of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the 
Bank and any Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder", "Holder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the 
relevant Clearing System(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable only in principal amounts of at 
least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and integral multiples of the tradable amount in excess thereof as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Bank and the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: Notes issued on a senior or unsubordinated basis, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms ("Senior Notes"), are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Bank and rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with the claims of the Bank's unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured creditors, from time to time 
outstanding, save those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation or other similar laws of general application. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: Notes issued on a subordinated basis, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms ("Subordinated Notes"), are direct, conditional as described below and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and rank pari passu among themselves. The payment obligations of the 
Bank in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) 
will be subordinated to all unsubordinated payment obligations of the Bank in the manner described 
below but will rank pari passu with all other subordinated payment obligations of the Bank which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the payment obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes and in priority to all claims of shareholders of the Bank. The rights of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes against the Bank are subordinated in right of payment to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors of the Bank and accordingly payments in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by the Bank are conditional upon 
the Bank being solvent at the time of such payment and no payment shall be payable by the Bank 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes except to the extent that the Bank could make such payment 
and any other payment required to be made to a creditor in respect of indebtedness which ranks or 
is expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes and still be solvent immediately 
thereafter. For this purpose, the Bank shall be solvent if: (i) it is able to pay its debts as they fall 
due; and (ii) its assets exceed its liabilities. Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counter-claim, abatement or other similar remedy, 
which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note. No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes 
and any collateral that may have been or may in the future be given in connection with other 
indebtedness of the Bank shall not secure the payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 5 applies only to Senior Notes. 
So long as any Note shall remain outstanding, the Bank shall ensure that neither the Bank nor any 
of its Material Subsidiaries shall create or suffer to exist any Security Interest (other than Permitted 
Security Interests) on or with respect to any of its undertakings, assets, properties or revenues, 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired to secure any Specified Indebtedness of the Bank or any 
Material Subsidiary or any obligation, whether actual or contingent, of the Bank or any Material 
Subsidiary under the guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, Specified Indebtedness of others 
without at the same time or prior thereto: (i) securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith; or 
(ii) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Specified Indebtedness" means any loan or indebtedness 
either of which is in the form of, or is represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities 
which are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other established securities market. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes (other than where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the 
relevant Final Terms specifies a Business Day Convention to be applicable) bear interest from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments) as applicable, up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. In the case of a Fixed Rate Note where the Relevant Currency is 
RMB and the relevant Final Terms specifies a Business Day Convention to be applicable (an 
"Adjusted RMB Fixed Rate Note"), each Interest Payment Date (and, accordingly, the relevant 
Calculation Period) will be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and 
after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
The Adjusted RMB Fixed Rate Notes bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. For this purpose, 
"Interest Payment Date" means the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms as adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. The amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such Interest Payment Date will be calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of that Adjusted RMB Fixed Rate Note by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. Each such calculation will be made by the Calculation Agent. 
For this purpose, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention and an Interest Payment 
Date has been so adjusted, the Fixed Coupon Amount shall not apply. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified and in respect of the Calculation Periods 
relating to Adjusted RMB Fixed Rate Notes shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
RMB Currency Event: If "RMB Currency Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event, as determined by the Bank acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon, the Bank's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes 
may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date. Upon 
the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Bank shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the RMB 
Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(f) 
RMB account: Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in 
Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank 
in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations 
and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect 
to the settlement of Renminbi in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s)). 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments), up to (and including) the Maturity Date. Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than SOFR, SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where; 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Bank determines appropriate for such purposes; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR: 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, Index Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and the Reference Rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is SOFR, SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the Relevant Decimal Place. 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final terms, subject to 
Condition 7(i)(v) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate 
shall be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, (a) the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which 
the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(iii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), if, in respect of any Business Day, the 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall 
be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page; (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(iv) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7(i)(v) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page; (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(v) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d) 
"Applicable Period" means in relation to any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, such Interest Period; 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
"Business Day" means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where "SOFR" is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the 
applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided 
for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟௜ ି ௣஻஽ x 𝑛௜
𝐷
ቁ − 1 
ௗ೚
௜ ୀ ଵ
቏x 𝐷
𝑑 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is, in relation to any Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period;

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"do" is, in relation to any Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of 
the European Central Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source officially designated by the European 
Central Bank (or successor administrator) (the "ECB's Website") in each case, on or 
before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following 
such Business Day; 
"i" is, in relation to any Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the relevant Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York as at the date of this Offering Circular at http://www.newyorkfed.org, any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of SOFR) or any successor source; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days); and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero; 
"r" means: 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day;

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
i. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
ii. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
relevant Interest Determination Date); 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
i. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
ii. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
relevant Interest Determination Date); 
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
i. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
ii. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the number of decimal places specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary (with half of the highest decimal place being 
rounded upwards); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Applicable Period, the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of "r" above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website (or any successor source), in each case on or about the SOFR Determination 
Time on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"SOFR Determination Time" means 3:00 p.m. (New York time); 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case on 
the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For 
these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day 
of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(e) 
Index Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New 
York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR) as if Index 
Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, (i) the Reference 
Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the 
case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded 
Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation 
Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (v) D shall be deemed to be the 
Numerator. If (i) (in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent 
Adviser) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provision of Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement - SOFR) shall apply. 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: If the relevant Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Bank, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Bank, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Metho, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition 
of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount 
and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-
denominated Floating Rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SOFR" and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Bank 
(in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate or considers that there may be a Successor Rate, 
in either case, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Bank shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine 
a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(h));

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Bank is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Bank (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in 
good faith) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Bank determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(h)); provided, 
however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Bank is unable or unwilling to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of a preceding Interest Period (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was 
determined, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(h)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Bank) or (if the Bank is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Bank determines that an 
Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If 
the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Bank (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread, in accordance 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Bank may also, following 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify changes to the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Dates and/or the definition of Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and in each case, related provisions 
and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(h)). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(h) shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Bank, the Agent, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Bank in connection with any 
determination made by the Bank pursuant to this Condition 7(h). No Noteholder consent 
shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including 
for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Bank or Agent (if 
required); and 
(vi) 
the Bank shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (v) above to the Agent and the Noteholders. No later than notifying the

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Agent of the same, the Bank shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Bank confirming (I) that a Benchmark Event has occurred or 
that there is a Successor Rate, (II) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), (III) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (IV) where applicable, the 
terms of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement – SOFR 
(i) 
If the Bank or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Bank will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Bank pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Bank; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
Where: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR, as such term is defined in Condition 7(d); provided 
that if the Bank determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Bank or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Bank as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Bank or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Bank giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Bank decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Bank decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Bank determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Bank determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Bank after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(ii) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
7(j)(i) above will be notified promptly by the Bank to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Bank shall 
deliver to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Bank: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively 
rely on any determinations made by the Bank and will have no liability for such actions 
taken at the direction of the Bank. Neither of the Calculation Agent nor the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent shall have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf 
of the Bank in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement. 
(iii) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(j), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Bank, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(l) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Bank, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of: (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed (subject, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to the prior approval of the Regulator where required) at the option of the Bank in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as not being applicable); or

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if: (1) the Bank has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws (or any regulations, rulings or other administrative pronouncements promulgated 
thereunder) of the UAE or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations, 
rulings or other administrative pronouncements, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes or any other date specified in the Final 
Terms; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Bank 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the Bank shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent a certificate 
signed by a duly authorised officer of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Bank so to redeem have occurred and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Bank has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as 
a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Bank shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Bank (Issuer Call): If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Bank's giving: (i) not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders; and (ii) not less than 15 days before the giving of 
notice to the Noteholders, notice to the Agent (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Bank to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Bank (Issuer Call)), the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which the Notes are then 
listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Bank (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
This Condition 9(e) is applicable to Senior Notes only. 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put): If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Bank shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note 
must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
deposit with any Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which a Note 
is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent 
shall be deemed to be the holder of the Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
This Condition 9(f) is applicable to Subordinated Notes only. 
Regulatory Redemption Event: The Bank may, at any time during the Regulatory Redemption 
Event Period, redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at its option on any Interest Payment Date 
following the occurrence of a Regulatory Redemption Event at a redemption price equal to the 
relevant Make Whole Redemption Amount of the Notes on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
to the Noteholders. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(f), 
the Bank shall deliver to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right to redeem have occurred. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Bank shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Bank or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to 
the prior approval of the Regulator where required) at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(j) 
Treatment of Notes purchased by the Bank or any of its Subsidiaries: All Notes purchased by the 
Bank or any of its Subsidiaries may, if the Bank so elects, be cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled 
may not be reissued or resold. The Notes so purchased, while held by or for the account of the 
Bank or any of its Subsidiaries, shall not entitle their holder to vote at any meeting of Noteholders 
of any series and shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating a quorum at a 
Noteholders' meeting of any series or for the purposes of Condition 12 (Events of Default) and 
Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
(k) 
Treatments of Notes redeemed by the Bank or any of its Subsidiaries: All Notes redeemed by the 
Bank or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Bank in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (or in New York City if so permitted by paragraph (c) below) by cheque drawn 
in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred 
and if that currency is RMB, in accordance with Condition 6(f) (RMB account)) and maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (g) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States and its possessions (or in New 
York City if so permitted by paragraph (c) below) in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, payments of principal or 
interest may be made at the Specified Office of an Agent in New York City if: (i) the Bank has 
appointed Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Agents will 
be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which 
the payment is due when due; (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; 
and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Bank, any adverse tax consequences to the Bank. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to: 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing 
Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph (A) would 
otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Bank (Issuer Call)), Condition 
9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)), Condition 9(f) (Regulatory 
Redemption Event)or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (e) 
above) and the UAE. 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or at the office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons (if any) 
by or on behalf of the Bank shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the UAE or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Bank shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
where the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder (if relevant) is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges are imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of interest or principal in respect 
thereof; 
(ii) 
if the payment could have been made without such deduction or withholding if the 
beneficiary of the payment had presented the Note for payment less than 30 days after the

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; 
(iii) 
with respect to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, personal property tax or 
similar tax, assessment or governmental charge; 
(iv) 
with respect to any payment of principal of or interest on any Note or Coupon to any 
Holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or any person other than the sole beneficial owner 
of such payment, to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, 
a member of such a partnership or the beneficial owner of such payment would not have 
been entitled to the additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the actual holder of such Note or Coupon; 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim 
for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(vi) 
with respect to any combination of any of the foregoing. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Bank becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the UAE references in these Conditions to the UAE shall be construed as references to the UAE 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If, in the case of Senior Notes, any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of 
Default") shall have occurred and be continuing or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, any one or 
more of the events specified in sub-paragraph (a), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (k) shall have occurred and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
the Bank fails to pay any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the 
default continues for a period of seven Business Days in the case of principal and fourteen Business 
Days in the case of interest; 
(b) 
the Bank is in default in the performance of any of its obligations (other than to make payments in 
respect of the Notes) contained in the Conditions, and (except in any case where the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) such default shall continue for more than 30 days after written notice requiring such 
default to be remedied shall have been given to the Bank; 
(c) 
any payment obligation under Indebtedness of the Bank or any Material Subsidiary becomes due 
and repayable prior to its stated maturity or the Bank or any Material Subsidiary fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness within 30 days of the due date for payment (or within the 
applicable grace period, if such period is longer than 30 days) or any security given by the Bank 
or any Material Subsidiary for any Indebtedness becomes enforceable or if default is made by the 
Bank or any Material Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity 
given by it in relation to any obligation of any other person for 30 days (or within the applicable 
grace period if such period is longer than 30 days (save where such default is being actively 
contested in good faith by the Bank or any Material Subsidiary)), provided that no such event 
shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness or other relative liability either alone 
or when aggregated with other Indebtedness and/or liabilities relative to all (if any) other events 
which shall have occurred and be outstanding shall amount to at least U.S.$20,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency); 
(d) 
the Bank or any Material Subsidiary takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal 
proceedings are started for its winding-up, dissolution, administration or re-organisation (whether 
by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for the appointment of 
a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or 
similar officer of it or of any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets and such proceedings 
are not frivolous or vexatious or are not being actively contested in good faith by the Bank or, as 
the case may be, such Material Subsidiary save, in the case of the Bank, for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or, in the case of a Material

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Subsidiary: (i) for the purposes of a solvent consolidation, amalgamation or restructuring, pursuant 
to which some or all the assets of such Material Subsidiary are transferred to any one or more 
members of the Group; or (ii) for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution provided that a bona fide disposal for full value on an arm's-length 
basis of the whole or a substantial part of the business of the Bank or a Material Subsidiary shall 
not be deemed in any event to be an Event of Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d); 
(e) 
if the Bank ceases to carry on the whole or a part of its business representing at least 15 per cent. 
of the property, undertaking or assets of the Bank (calculated by reference to the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Bank), save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution provided that a bona fide disposal for full 
value on an arm's-length basis of the whole or a substantial part of the business of the Bank shall 
not be deemed in any event to be an Event of Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph (e); 
(f) 
the Bank is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, commences negotiations with its creditors as a 
whole or any one or more classes of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or 
rescheduling of its indebtedness or makes a general assignment for the benefit of or a composition 
with its creditors; or 
(g) 
any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or 15 
per cent. or more of the property, undertaking or assets of the Bank (calculated by reference to the 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank) or any event occurs which under the 
laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, unless such enforcement proceedings are 
frivolous or vexatious or are being actively contested in good faith by the Bank; or 
(h) 
the Bank or any Material Subsidiary fails to comply with or pay any sum which amount shall not 
be less than U.S.$10,000,000 due from it under any final non-appealable judgment or any final 
non-appealable order made or given by any court of competent jurisdiction and such failure 
continues for a period of 30 days next following the service by any Noteholder on the Bank of 
notice requiring the same to be paid/remedied; or 
(i) 
by or under the authority of any government, (i) the management of the Bank or any Material 
Subsidiary is wholly or partially displaced or the authority of the Bank or any Material Subsidiary 
in the conduct of its business is wholly or partially curtailed or (ii) all or a majority of the issued 
shares of the Bank or any Material Subsidiary or the whole or any part (the book value of which is 
20 per cent. or more of the book value of the whole) of its revenues or assets is seized, nationalised, 
expropriated or compulsorily acquired; or 
(j) 
if at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Bank to perform or comply with any or all of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or any of the material obligations of the Bank 
thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(k) 
if any event occurs which is analogous to any of the events in the foregoing paragraphs (d) to (g) 
or paragraph (i) above then, 
(i) any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Bank at the Specified Office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by such Noteholder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to the date of repayment, and any 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) due thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind; and (ii) in relation to Subordinated Notes 
only, on the occurrence of an event of the kind specified in paragraph (a) above, any Noteholder 
may institute proceedings in the UAE or any emirate therein (but not elsewhere) for the dissolution 
and liquidation of the Bank. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
A "holding company" of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to any 
company or corporation of which the first-mentioned company or corporation is a Subsidiary. 
The "winding-up", "dissolution" or "administration" of a company or corporation shall be 
construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
in which such company or corporation is incorporated or any jurisdiction in which such company 
or corporation carries on business including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Bank for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within 10 years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed on any 
stock exchange the rules of which require the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock exchange), subject to 
all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note or 
Coupon is subsequently presented for payment or, or as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there will be paid to the Bank on demand the amount payable by the Bank in respect of 
such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Bank may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. The 
initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Bank reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Bank shall at all times maintain an Issuing and Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Bank shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange the rules of which require the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Bank shall maintain a Paying Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank and shall be convened by it upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing not less than one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement), certain changes may be made to 
the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise 
set out in such Condition, without the request for consent of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Bank shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error, or it is, in the sole opinion of the Bank, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Bank may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes 
and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com), in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms): (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.); (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up); (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount; and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconverting 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 20 is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to 
become, a Participating Member State, the Bank may, without the consent of the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents, 
designate a date, being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
which such country becomes a Participating Member State, with effect from which date the Notes 
shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro at the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency 
into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Community regulations); 
provided, however, that, if the Bank determines with the agreement of the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent that market practice in respect of the redenomination of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, such market practice shall prevail and the Bank 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders and Couponholders, each stock exchange (if any) on which 
the Notes are then listed and the Paying Agents of the conversion provisions to be applied. 
21. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law, save for the subordination provisions of the Notes 
which are subject to the application of mandatory provisions of the laws and regulations of the 
UAE.  
(b) 
Arbitration: Subject to Condition 21(c) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Option to 
Litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any 
connection with the Notes (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute, claim, 
difference or controversy relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance 
with the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the "Rules"), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are 
incorporated by reference into this Condition 21(b). For these purposes:  
(i) 
the seat, or legal place of arbitration will be London, England;  
(ii) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English; 
(iii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration and 
shall have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions; and 
(iv) 
the governing law of the arbitration shall be English law. 
(c) 
Option to Litigate: 
(i) 
Notwithstanding Condition 21(b) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Arbitration), 
any Noteholder may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to 
the Bank: 
(A) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); 
or 
(B) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If any Noteholder gives such notice, the 
Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
21(d) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Effect of Exercise of Option to Litigate) 
and, subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 21(b) 
(Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Arbitration) in respect of that Dispute will be 
terminated. Each person who gives such notice and the recipient of that notice will bear 
its own costs in relation to such terminated arbitration. 
(ii) 
If any notice to terminate the arbitration in accordance with this Condition 21(c) is given 
after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, the Noteholder must 
also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined in the 
Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the 
courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any 
appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice 
to: 
(A) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in 
support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(B) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(C) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any 
limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
(d) 
Effect of Exercise of Option to Litigate: In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 21(c) 
(Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Option to Litigate) is issued, the following provisions 
shall apply:  
(i) 
subject to paragraph (iii) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and the Bank submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(ii) 
the Bank agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(iii) 
this Condition 21(d) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and Couponholders only. As a 
result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Noteholder or Couponholder may 
take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other court with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, any Noteholder or Couponholder may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.  
(e) 
Service of Process: The Bank agrees that the process by which any Proceedings or Disputes are 
begun may be served on it by being delivered to Mashreqbank psc, London Branch at 3rd Floor, 
48-54 Moorgate, London EC2R 6EJ, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Bank's behalf, the Bank shall appoint a 
further person in England to accept service of process on their behalf. Nothing in this Condition 
21(e) shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(f) 
Waiver of Immunity: The Bank irrevocably agrees that, should any Proceedings or Disputes be 
taken anywhere (whether for any injunction, specified performance, damages or otherwise), no 
immunity (to the extent that it may at any time exist, whether on the grounds of sovereignty or 
otherwise) of its assets or from execution of judgment shall be claimed by it or on its behalf or with 
respect to its assets, any such immunity being irrevocably waived. The Bank irrevocably agrees 
that it and its assets are, and shall be, subject to such Proceedings or Disputes, attachment or 
execution in respect of its obligations under these Conditions. 
(g) 
Consent to Enforcement: The Bank irrevocably and generally consents in respect of any 
Proceedings or Disputes anywhere to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in 
connection with those Proceedings or Disputes including, without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any assets whatsoever (irrespective of their use or intended use) 
of any order or judgment which may be made or given in those Proceedings or Disputes. 
(h) 
No Third Party Rights: No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial statements 
The historical financial statements relating to the Bank included in this Base Prospectus are: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (the "2021 Financial Statements"); and 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (the "2022 Financial Statements" and together with the 2021 Financial 
Statements, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB"). 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this document to a "financial year" are 
to the twelve-month period ended on 31 December of the year referred to. 
The Group publishes its financial statements in UAE dirham. 
Independent Auditors 
The Financial Statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai branch) ("PwC"), without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing.

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial information of the Bank as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which has been derived without material adjustment 
from the Financial Statements. The selected financial information below should be read in conjunction with 
the risk factors set forth under heading "Risk Factors", the Financial Statements and other information 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
2022 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
2021 
(in AED millions)
(in AED millions)
Selected balance sheet data:
Cash and balances with central banks ..................................................
31,436
17,508
Deposits and balances due from banks.................................................
28,846
28,805
Loans and advances (net) .....................................................................
75,630
66,433
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised cost
14,673
15,053
Investments (net) (1) ..............................................................................
27,318
27,182
Total assets...........................................................................................
198,811
177,054
Deposits and balances due to banks......................................................
28,399
19,566
Customers' deposits(2)...........................................................................
113,806
101,483
Total equity ..........................................................................................
24,419
21,024
Selected income statement data:
Net interest income and income from Islamic products net of 
distribution to depositors......................................................................
4,572
3,045
Net fee and commission income...........................................................
1,741
1,577
Net investment income.........................................................................
92
177
Other income, net...............................................................................
1,091
1,007
General and administrative expenses ...............................................
(3,066)
(2,623)
Profit/(Loss) for the year before non-controlling interests..............
3,786
1,076
Profits/(Loss) attributable to equity holders of the parent..............
3,706
1,002
Selected ratios (in per cent.):
Return on average assets(3).................................................................
2.10
0.65
Return on average equity(4)................................................................
17.55
5.15
Net loans to customer deposit ratio...................................................  
79.3
80.3 
Equity to asset ratio............................................................................
12.28
11.87
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Investments (net) are the sum of the line items "Other financial assets measured at fair value", "Other financial assets measured 
at amortised cost" and "Investment properties" appearing in the Bank's consolidated statements of financial position for each 
relevant period. 
(2) Customers' deposits are the sum of the line items "Customers' deposits" and "Islamic customers' deposits" appearing in the Bank's 
consolidated statements of financial position for each relevant period. 
(3) Return on average ("ROA") assets is an indicator of how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. ROA gives an idea as 
to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings. See the "Alternative Performance Measures" section. 
(4) Return on average equity is an adjusted version of return on equity, which measures profitability by revealing profit generated 
from the money shareholders have invested and where the denominator is average shareholders' equity. See the "Alternative 
Performance Measures" section.

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented by the Bank in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance 
with IFRS. The Bank believes that the alternative performance measures (as defined in the European 
Securities and Markets Authority guidelines (the "ESMA Guidelines") on Alternative Performance 
Measures ("APMs")) included in this Base Prospectus provide useful supplementary information to both 
investors and to the Bank's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of underlying business 
performance across financial reporting periods. However, investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on this information and should note that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements 
such as the APMs presented by the Bank in this Base Prospectus in the same manner, these are not always 
directly comparable to performance metrics used by other companies. 
Additionally, the APMs presented by the Bank in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and have not been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute 
for measures defined according to IFRS. The Bank considers that the following metrics (which are set out 
below along with their reconciliation, to the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS 
and not included in the Financial Statements annexed to this Base Prospectus) presented in this Base 
Prospectus constitute APMs for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines: 
APM 
Definition of APM 
Method of Calculation 
Reconciliation to Financial 
Statements 
Gross non-
performing loans 
to gross loans ratio 
Non-performing loans to total 
gross loans ratio is calculated 
by using the value of non-
performing loans ("NPLs") as 
the numerator and the total 
value of the loan portfolio 
(including NPLs, and before 
the deduction of specific loan- 
loss 
provisions) 
as 
the 
denominator. It is often used 
as a proxy for asset quality 
and is intended to identify 
problems with asset quality in 
the loan portfolio. 
(NPL (impaired loans and 
advances plus impaired Islamic 
financing 
and 
investment 
products) minus interest/profit 
suspended) divided by (Gross 
Loans (loans and advances plus 
Islamic 
financing 
and 
investment 
products 
minus 
unearned 
income) 
minus 
interest/profit suspended). 
"Stage 3" "Loans and advances" and 
"Islamic financing and investment 
products" set out in Note 43 – Credit 
risk management section of the 2022 
Financial 
Statements, 
"Interest/ 
Profit in suspense" as derived from 
internal management records 
“Gross Loans and advances" as set 
out in Note 8, "Islamic financing and 
investment products" and "unearned 
income" set out in Note 9 to the 2022 
Financial Statements 
Loan loss coverage 
ratio 
Loan loss coverage ratio is a 
financial measure which is 
used to determine how well a 
bank has prepared for losses 
on its loan portfolio. 
Total allowance for impairment 
for loans and advances minus 
interest/profit 
suspended 
divided by NPL (impaired loans 
and advances plus impaired 
Islamic 
financing 
and 
investment 
products) 
minus 
interest/profit suspended. 
"Loss allowance" on "Loans and 
advances" and "Islamic financing 
and investment products" set out in 
Note 43 – Credit risk management 
section of the 2022 Financial 
Statements 
“Interest/Profit in suspense” as 
derived from internal management 
records 
"Stage 3" "Loans and advances" and 
"Islamic financing and investment 
products" set out in Note 43 Credit 
risk management section of the 2022 
Financial Statements 
Return on average 
assets 
Return 
on 
average 
assets ("ROA") 
is 
an 
indicator of how profitable a 
company is relative to its 
total assets. ROA gives an 
idea as to how efficient 
management 
is 
at 
using 
its assets to 
generate 
earnings. 
Profits attributable to owners of 
the parent divided by average 
total assets (average of four 
quarters) excluding customer 
acceptances and positive fair 
value of derivatives. 
“Profit attributable to owners of the 
parent” set out in the Consolidated 
statement of profit or loss of the 
2022 Financial Statements and “Last 
4 quarters average total assets”, 
“Customer acceptances” and “Fair 
value of derivatives” as derived from 
internal management records 
Return on average 
equity 
Return on average equity is an 
adjusted version of return on 
equity 
("ROE"), 
which 
measures 
profitability 
by 
revealing 
profit 
generated 
from the money shareholders 
have invested and where the 
Profits attributable to owners of 
the parent divided by average 
equity attributable to owners of 
the parent (average of four 
quarters). 
"Profits attributable to owners of the 
parent" set out in the Consolidated 
statement of profit or loss of the 
2022 Financial Statements and “Last 
4 
quarters 
average 
of 
equity 
attributable to owners of the parent” 
set out in the Consolidated statement

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
APM 
Definition of APM 
Method of Calculation 
Reconciliation to Financial 
Statements 
denominator 
is 
average 
shareholders' equity. 
of financial position of the 2022 
Financial Statements 
Net loans to 
customer deposit 
ratio 
The loan to deposit 
ratio is 
used 
to 
calculate 
a lending institution's ability 
to cover withdrawals made by 
its customers. 
A lending institution 
that 
accepts deposits must have a 
certain measure of liquidity to 
maintain its normal daily 
operations. 
Net Loans and Advances (loans 
and advances at amortised cost 
plus Islamic financing and 
investment products) divided by 
total 
customer 
deposits 
(customer deposits plus Islamic 
customer deposits). 
"Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost", "Islamic financing 
and investment products measured at 
amortised 
cost", 
"Customers 
deposits", 
"Islamic 
customers 
deposits" as set out in Consolidated 
statement of financial position of the 
2022 Financial Statements 
Net loans to 
customer deposit 
ratio and medium-
term loan 
This measures how much of 
customer 
deposits 
and 
medium 
term 
loans 
is 
deployed in loans. This also 
measures the liquidity aspect 
of the Bank. 
Net Loans (loans and advances 
at amortised cost plus Islamic 
financing 
and 
investment 
products) 
divided 
by 
total 
customer deposits (customer 
deposits plus Islamic customer 
deposits) and Medium-Term 
Loans. 
"Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost", "Islamic financing 
and investment products measured at 
amortised 
cost", 
"Customers 
deposits", 
"Islamic 
customers 
deposits", "Medium-term loans" as 
set out in Consolidated statement of 
financial position of the 2022 
Financial Statements 
Equity to asset 
ratio 
The shareholder equity ratio 
determines 
how 
much 
shareholders would receive in 
the event of a company-wide 
liquidation. Equity to asset 
ratio represents the amount 
of assets on 
which 
shareholders have a residual 
claim. 
Total Equity divided by Total 
Assets. 
"Total Equity" and "Total Assets" as 
set out in Consolidated statement of 
financial position of the 2022 
Financial Statements 
Customer deposits 
to total funding 
base ratio 
The Bank counts on customer 
deposits as a stable source of 
funds for their lending base. 
Deposits 
offer 
many 
advantages to banks, such as 
predictable 
costs 
and 
a 
measurement of the degree of 
customer loyalty. 
Total 
Customer 
Deposits 
(customer deposits plus Islamic 
customer deposits) divided by 
Funding Base (total liabilities 
minus other liabilities minus 
Insurance and Life Assurance 
Funds plus Paid-up Capital). 
"Customers 
deposits", 
"Islamic 
customers deposits", "Medium-term 
loans", "Total Liabilities", "Other 
Liabilities", 
"Insurance 
contract 
liabilities" and "Issued and paid up 
capital" as set out in Consolidated 
statement of financial position of the 
2022 Financial Statements 
Net loans to total 
assets ratio 
Net loans to total assets ratio 
is a percentage of assets tied 
up in loans. The higher the 
ratio, the less liquid the Bank 
is. Net loans represent total 
loans reduced by provision 
and interest in suspense. 
Net Loans (loans and advances 
at amortised cost plus Islamic 
financing 
and 
investment 
products at amortised cost) 
divided by Total Assets. 
"Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost", "Islamic financing 
and investment products measured at 
amortised cost", "Total Assets" as 
set out in Consolidated statement of 
financial position of the 2022 
Financial Statements

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
History and overview of the Bank 
The Bank is the oldest domestic commercial bank in the UAE and was incorporated by a decree of His 
Highness the Ruler of Dubai as a public shareholding company in the Emirate of Dubai in May 1967. The 
Bank operates within the UAE and is registered with the Companies' Register of the Securities and 
Commodities Authority of the UAE under registration number 57. The Bank changed its name to 
Mashreqbank from Bank of Oman Limited in 1993 and, as at 31 December 2022, was the fifth largest local 
bank in the UAE in terms of total assets (see further "Description of the Bank – Competition – Ranking by 
Total Assets"). The head office of the Bank is located at Mashreqbank Global Headquarters, Al Umniyati 
Street, Burj Khalifa Community, P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, UAE. The Bank is regulated by the UAE Central 
Bank. 
The Bank, through its head office in Dubai, operated a network of seven branches in the UAE, 24 
international branches (16 in Egypt, two legal entities onshore and offshore in Bahrain, one branch in each 
of the United States, Kuwait, Qatar, the UK, India and Hong Kong) and four representative offices (in 
China, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal), as at 31 December 2022. 
The Bank also operated 14 subsidiaries (eleven in the UAE, one in the Cayman Islands, one in Egypt and 
one in Pakistan), as at 31 December 2022, which provide services such as insurance, securities brokerage, 
consumer finance, asset management, investment management, business processing outsourcing (i.e. back 
office operations) and information technology. 
The Bank's core businesses are retail banking, corporate and investment banking, international banking and 
treasury and capital markets. The Bank offers a diverse range of products and services including trade 
finance, contract finance, project finance, deposit taking, consumer lending, credit cards, wealth 
management, electronic funds transfer at points-of-sale, ATMs, call centres, treasury, correspondent 
banking, online banking and mobile banking. To further enhance its offering, the Bank established an 
Islamic Banking division offering Shari'a-compliant financing in November 2006. 
The Bank's operating income increased from AED 5,806 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to 
AED 7,496 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, corresponding to an increase of 29.1 per cent. 
The Bank's total assets have increased from AED 177,054 million as at 31 December 2021 to AED 198,811 
million as at December 2022, representing an annual growth rate of 12.3 per cent. 
The Bank's total loans and advances to customers including Islamic financing, (net of impairment 
allowances) as at 31 December 2022 were AED 90,303 million, compared with AED 81,486 million as at 
31 December 2021. The Bank's customer deposits as at 31 December 2022 were AED 113,806 million, 
compared with AED 101,483 million as at 31 December 2021. 
As at 31 December 2022, approximately 88.6 per cent. of the capital of the Bank is owned by members of 
the Al-Ghurair family, either directly or indirectly through companies controlled by them, with the balance 
of the capital being held publicly. Given below are major shareholders at the Bank as of 31 December 2022: 
 
Saif Al Ghurair Investment Company LLC – 39.50 per cent. of the Bank's share capital; 
 
Abdulla Ahmed Al Ghurair Investment Co. – 31.10 per cent. of the Bank's share capital; and 
 
Massar Investments LLC – 12.75 per cent. of the Bank's share capital. 
The Bank's shares are listed and traded on the Dubai Financial Market. 
Strategy 
The Bank introduced a rolling strategic growth plan in 2016 and has continued with it in 2022. This is 
expected to play an important role in providing strategic guidance and driving the business growth of the 
Bank. The key areas of the Bank's strategy are articulated around "SIMPLE": (i) superior client experience; 
(ii) innovation and information-led transformation; (iii) maximise shareholder value; (iv) performance 
excellence; (v) lean and agile organisation; and (vi) empowering people.

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
The following chart sets out the Bank's organisational structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Description of the Bank's business 
The Bank divides its business into four business groups: (i) Corporate and Investment Banking; (ii) 
Domestic Retail; (iii) Treasury and Capital Markets; and (iv) International Banking. 
1. 
The Corporate and Investment Banking Group  
The Corporate and Investment Banking group ("CIBG") focuses on the management of corporate 
and financial institution ("FI") clients. The CIBG consists of dedicated industry-specific business 
divisions and units, providing a wide range of conventional and Islamic financial products 
exclusively to government, public sector, FI and corporate clients across a variety of industries. 
These divisions and units are supported by sophisticated product structuring and solutions delivery 
experts. 
(i) 
Corporate Origination and Business Development 
The Corporate Origination and Business Development division ("COBD") was formed as 
the first dedicated origination team within the corporate banking function across the UAE. 
The COBD initiates new relationships for the Bank given its experience across various 
industries which cover the full suite of corporate products. The COBD has dedicated 
coverage teams for multinationals, large and mid-size UAE-based corporate entities, as 
well as international and regional markets, with dedicated desks covering the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia and Oman.  
(ii) 
Global Transaction Banking 
The Global Transaction Banking division ("GTB") utilises the Bank's regional and 
international network to serve large corporate and mid-market clients. Global transaction 
banking is strategically important for the Bank and plays a key role in the Group's UAE 
and regional strategy. 
The GTB offers cash management, trade and supply chain finance solutions to satisfy 
various business requirements of the Bank's clients domestically, in the Middle East region 
and across international trade corridors between the Middle East and other regions. Such 
solutions are complemented by the Bank's U.S.$ clearing business and an international 
trade correspondent network spanning more than 450 banks across 60 markets. The GTB 
enables the Bank to support international trade with many of the world's key economic 
regions.

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
The GTB offers customised products and digital solutions, tailored to each client's 
industry-specific needs. In addition, the GTB's broad range of cash management and 
liquidity solutions help corporate clients optimise their daily local, regional and global 
treasury operations through a single digital platform covering the UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, 
Kuwait and Egyptian markets. The Bank plans to expand this coverage to additional 
markets in the near future. 
The GTB supports clients' trade finance needs in the Middle East region and across the 
world by leveraging its market-leading trade finance expertise and a global trade network 
through its branches in the GCC, Egypt, Hong Kong, New York, Mumbai and London. 
The GTB has received multiple awards from global industry bodies and recognition from 
financial media such as Euromoney (Trade Finance Market Leader UAE and Middle East 
in 2021 and 2022, Cash Management Leader in the UAE in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and in 
Bahrain/Qatar in 2022) and Asiamoney (Best Digital Bank in 2020 and 2021 and Best 
Transaction Bank in the Middle East in 2021). 
(iii) 
Investment Banking 
The Bank's Investment Banking division ("IB") provides comprehensive capital raising 
solutions for the Bank's corporate and financial institution clients. The IB engages with 
the Bank's key clients in various industries and geographies. The Bank has an award-
winning IB platform that serves clients in many markets. The IB has an established track 
record in leading (conventional and Shari'a-compliant) debt capital raising mandates, as 
well as providing equity and debt advisory services. 
Taking into account market conditions, the IB develops and implements tailored solutions 
for the Bank's clients to meet their specific financing and capital requirements. The IB 
uses expertise in various sectors, regions and products to formulate customised, 
sophisticated strategies for the Bank's clients.  
The Bank's integrated coverage model offers clients access to industry and geography-
specific expertise across all product solutions. Furthermore, the platform has an 
established best-in-class distribution model that includes investors across markets and 
asset classes. 
Loan Syndications 
Term Financing for Corporate Entities: The Bank has arranged syndicated loans for large 
and mid-market corporate entities, including debut borrowers, for the purpose of capital 
expenditure (capex), refinancing existing debt and general corporate purposes, for tenors 
that are in line with market practice. 
Financial Institutions: The Bank is an active arranger of syndicated loans for financial 
institutions in Africa, the Middle East and South Asia. The Bank's loan distribution reach 
extends across syndicated loan markets in Europe, Asia and the Middle East. 
Leveraged Buyouts: The Bank facilitates new business acquisitions by sponsors and 
companies, using its ability to structure and underwrite non-recourse facilities, and 
subsequently offer syndicated participation opportunities to a wider group of banks. 
Structured Trade Solutions: The Bank explores financing solutions for various stages of 
working capital cycles, and has the ability to devise financing structures that can ultimately 
be offered to other lenders for syndicated participation. 
Debt Capital Markets 
The Bank is an arranger and underwriter of debt capital in investment grade and high-yield 
markets, providing clients with strategic advice at each stage of the debt issuance process. 
The Bank has an integrated platform that enables it to access numerous markets and 
deliver custom-made financing solutions and execute public issuance and private

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
placements of conventional and Shari'a-compliant debt securities issued by the Bank's 
clients. 
Debt Advisory 
The Bank evaluates the suitability of a client's existing borrowing framework, engages in 
strategic discussions with clients, recommends an appropriate composition of bank and 
capital market debt and oversees the execution of the restructuring of the client's debt 
profile.  
Advisory 
The Bank's access to the wider investor community, through relationships with financial 
sponsors, family offices and private banking clients across the region, sits at the core of 
its mergers and acquisition Advisory activities. The IB division supports key clients in 
specific sectors to unlock value opportunistically in their businesses and running an end-
to-end process. 
Investment Agency Services 
The Bank is among the few banks in the Middle East region to offer a full suite of facility 
agency, security agency and initial public offering services to its clients. The Bank seeks 
to increase its focus on its initial public offering function and provide world-class services 
to participants in large, syndicated transactions and fund raising processes. 
(iv) 
Islamic Banking 
The Bank offers Shari'a-compliant products and services through its Islamic Banking 
window, Mashreq Al Islami. Mashreq Al Islami provides retail and corporate Islamic 
banking services to clients across the Bank's network. Mashreq Al Islami offers Islamic 
financial products and services such as working capital, construction finance, asset 
procurement, lease rental discounting, liquidity management, asset management and 
hedging services. The Bank offers products, services and solutions for corporate clients 
operating in various industries, including the trading, real estate, services and 
manufacturing and contracting industries. 
Mashreq Al Islami has a team of relationship managers that are trained to deal in Shari'a-
compliant products and specialise in industry sectors. Islamic banking has grown 
exponentially in the Middle East region, and the Bank has successfully arranged finance 
for local and international clients, introducing them to local liquidity and unique Islamic 
corporate structures. 
The Bank's Islamic banking activity is supervised by an independent Shari'a board 
comprised of renowned Shari'a scholars to ensure a high level of Shari'a compliance. 
(v) 
Financial Institutions 
The Bank's FI division supports international FIs with their banking requirements in the 
UAE and in countries where the Bank maintains a presence. With a global footprint across 
key trade corridors, and extensive experience, spanning five decades, the Bank has a deep 
understanding of international trade flows and expertise in trade finance. From a 
correspondent banking perspective, the Bank is the only U.S.$ clearing bank in the Middle 
East that supports payment services internationally. 
The Bank's FI division offers the following products and services: (i) trade finance 
(standby letters of credit and letters of credit confirmation, discounting, guarantees and 
trade loans); (ii) arranging debt capital market transactions; (iii) underwriting and 
financing solutions; (iv) clearing services; (v) export bill collections; and (vi) risk 
participations.

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(vi) 
Non-Banking Financial Institutions 
The Bank's Non-Banking Financial Institutions division ("NFBI") provides financing 
solutions for (i) financial sponsors (such as fund managers); (ii) insurers and investors; 
and (iii) fintech companies and other non-banking financial institution clients (such as 
financial SMEs and personal lending firms with no banking licence). 
The Bank's non-banking financial institution clients benefit from: (i) digital solutions; (ii) 
investment banking services; (iii) global cash management services; (iv) trade and 
receivable finance services; and (v) treasury capital markets services. 
(vii) 
Real Estate Finance and Advisory 
The Bank's Real Estate Finance and Advisory division comprises portfolio coverage and 
structuring teams. The division offers clients a range of debt, equity, advisory and trust 
management services. It specialises in the following property sectors: retail; commercial 
(offices and light industrial); hospitality; and residential sectors. 
The division originates and executes bilateral and syndicated financing transactions for 
mid-market and large corporate entities including government entities, family offices, 
financial institutions and developers. It offers the following client solutions: 
 
acquisition financing; 
 
development financing; 
 
receivables financing; 
 
vanilla, as well as structured, financing solutions on a recourse and non-recourse 
basis; and 
 
real estate-related corporate and/or holding companies lending solutions on an 
asset backed as well as non-asset backed basis. 
As at 31 December 2022, the trust management team within the Real Estate Finance and 
Advisory division managed real estate development sales proceeds in escrow accounts for 
approximately 18 per cent. and owners associations accounts for approximately 52 per 
cent. of the real estate development projects in Dubai. The trust management team was the 
first to be mandated as an authorised escrow agent by the Real Estate Regulatory Agency 
of Dubai, and won the Bank the award for "Top Trustee Bank" in 2010, 2013 and 2014. 
The trust management team actively works with the Dubai Land Department on the 
Tayseer and Owner's Association fronts and also supports the Bank's other teams across 
the Emirates and in Qatar to formalise a streamlined trust management process. 
(viii) 
Public Sector & Energy 
The Public Sector division develops the Bank's relationships with national and regional 
sovereign-linked entities. The division offers a diverse product range, industry expertise 
and leading investment banking capabilities in terms of loans syndication, debt capital 
markets and environmental social and governance product structuring. 
In recent years the Bank has increased its coverage for sovereign and government-related 
entities in respect of bilateral loans, syndications, public issuances and private placements 
of debt securities issuances, progressively growing its asset book. 
The Bank's dedicated Energy division specialises in offering wholesale banking solutions 
such as trade finance, expansionary credit and structured solutions, and provides bespoke 
solutions to clients in the energy sector. It also provides corporate finance and debt capital 
markets services to such clients. The Energy division's coverage encompasses supporting 
clients operating in the conventional hydrocarbon value stream (upstream, midstream and 
downstream). Given the growing significance of environmentally conscious energy 
solutions, the Bank continues to invest and grow its profile in the renewable energy sector.

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Operating out of a key region for the energy industry, the Bank's presence in the GCC has 
allowed it to develop as an industry specialist. The Energy division covers key markets in 
the GCC and actively develops relationships with industry stakeholders and large 
multinational oil and gas companies. Given the UAE's geographical location in the east-
west corridor, the Energy division is a leading market participant, facilitating trades of oil 
and gas. The division leverages the Bank's network as well as its financial institution 
capabilities to mitigate risks for clients. By connecting counterparties and matching trade 
flows, the Bank's Energy division supports the region's, and in particular the UAE's, 
position as a key location for the energy industry. 
The Energy Sector division partners with renowned communications and research firms, 
such as the Middle East Economic Digest and Gulf Intelligence, to build and enrich the 
Bank’s thought leadership position in the energy space. These resources can be accessed 
through the Energy Sector division's dedicated microsites linked to the Bank's corporate 
website. The Energy Sector division regularly participates in and conducts energy-related 
conferences and webinars under the Bank’s branding initiatives. 
(ix) 
Trading Companies 
The Bank's Trading Companies division provides specialised banking services to clients 
in the following industries: 
(i) 
retail trade and e-commerce: fashion, food and beverages, supermarkets and fast-
moving consumer goods; 
(ii) 
commodities: soft commodities and regional trade; 
(iii) 
automotive and heavy equipment: dealers, agencies and distributors; and 
(iv) 
diversified groups: conglomerates and family offices. 
The Trading Companies division includes relationship managers who are industry 
specialists. The industry specialists have a deep understanding of sector-specific client 
requirements and are thus able to advise on and deliver bespoke trade finance and banking 
solutions suited to the business needs of the Bank's clients. 
(x) 
Services and Manufacturing 
The Bank's Services and Manufacturing division focuses on clients in the global services, 
education and manufacturing sectors. To achieve this, the division leverages the Bank's 
wide geographical footprint and expertise in segments such as telecoms, healthcare, 
education, media, technology, logistics (land and marine), warehousing, tourism, security 
and facilities management, fast-moving consumer goods packaging, the manufacturing of 
copper, paper, ceramics, tyres, batteries, plastics and chemicals, building materials (steel 
and cement) and other diversified segments. 
(xi) 
Contracting Finance 
The Contracting Finance division ("CFD") specialises in catering to the financing 
requirements of projects being undertaken by engineering and construction companies. 
The division was established in 1991 and was the first in the region to specialise in the 
contracting space. The Bank is recognised as one of the largest contracting finance banks 
in the UAE due to the wide coverage of the division, which caters to local, regional and 
international contractors from across the globe. 
The CFD includes experienced bankers with an in-depth understanding of projects in, 
among other things the oil and gas, power, civil construction, infrastructure and 
petrochemical industries. The CFD finances projects located in the following countries in 
the MENA region: the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, the 
Sultanate of Oman and Egypt. The division supports all the banking requirements of 
contractors from the inception of a project, through its execution and until the project's 
delivery, by offering a suite of products consisting of letters of guarantee, letters of credit,

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
project-linked working capital facilities and derivative products required for hedging the 
procurement needs of the Bank's contractor clients. 
The CFD is a single point of contact for coverage which supports projects across the 
MENA region. The Bank's interactions with its clients have been digitised thereby 
shortening the amount of time taken for the product or service to be delivered to clients. 
2. 
The Domestic Retail Group  
With a domestic network of seven branches, 12 electronic business service units, 469 ATMs and 
cash and cheque deposit machines and 23 interactive teller machines spread across the UAE, the 
Bank is one of the leading providers of retail banking services in the UAE. The Bank also provides 
retail banking products and services through its branches in Egypt. 
The Bank's retail banking products and services encompass a wide range of consumer loans, as 
well as basic and enhanced current accounts, demand, savings and term deposits, investment 
certificates, current account services, electronic funds services, foreign exchange services, debit 
cards and credit cards. As part of its retail portfolio, the Bank also offers a range of bancassurance 
products, which focus on whole life and term life insurance. 
To further its strategy of adopting digital banking, in 2019 the Bank launched a programme to shift 
the focus of its branch network to advisory services and for interactions between the Bank's 
representatives and clients in the course of making significant financial decisions. In terms of 
everyday transactions, the Bank would use digital technology to allow clients to benefit from a 
wide range of self-service facilities. The Bank's plan was to expand the self-service offering to 
make banking services quicker, easier and more accessible across the Bank's network. As of 31 
December 2022, the Bank had migrated 98 per cent. of all financial transactions and over 60 per 
cent. of non-financial transactions for retail customers from its branch network to automated 
service channels such as machines, mobiles and online services. 
The Bank was the first bank in the UAE bank to launch a fully digital bank, Mashreq Neo. In 2022, 
Mashreq Neo witnessed an uptake of approximately 13 per cent. of new customer acquisition. The 
launch of Mashreq Neo was followed shortly by the launch of Mashreq NeoBiz which was the first 
digital banking platform in the UAE that offered customised and specifically tailored digital 
banking products and services for SMEs including start-ups and young businesses in the the UAE. 
The Bank also launched Neo NXT in 2022 to provide financial services to young individual clients. 
More than 2,500 Neo NXT accounts have been opened since its launch. 
The Bank also launched its own digital wallet, Mashreq Pay, allowing clients to pay for purchases 
using their smartphones.  
The Bank's initiatives for providing innovative solutions have been recognised by industry bodies. 
In 2022, the Bank received several awards including the "The Middle East & Africa Retail Banking 
Innovation Award" by The Digital Banker and "SME Digital Marketplace of the Year Award"  by 
Entrepreneur Middle East. 
The Bank has increased its presence in private banking through bespoke financial solutions that 
cater to ultra-high net worth individuals and owners of companies. This includes building a 
portfolio of investment advisory services covering a range of in-house and third-party investment 
products such as equity mutual funds, fixed income funds, insurance and structured notes. The 
Bank has further signed an agreement with the Bank of Singapore which will allow the Bank's high 
net worth clients to open wealth management accounts in Singapore, a globally recognised offshore 
banking centre. 
The Bank continues to invest in initiatives that have the potential to not only deliver benefits for 
the Bank and its clients, but also to support the overall start-up ecosystem in the UAE. In line with 
this objective, the Bank has partnered with the Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC") in 
the Fintech Hive, the first and largest financial technology accelerator in the Middle East, Africa 
and South Asia (MEASA) region.

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
The Bank is also one of the two banks to sponsor the Dubai Technology Entrepreneur Campus 
Entrepreneur Acceleration Programme at Dubai Silicon Oasis, where the Bank provided insights 
into financial management and banking processes to budding entrepreneurs. 
In addition to the above, the Bank has a strategic alliance with the Dubai Department of Economic 
Development (the "DED") and has created a tailor-made product for holders of an E-Trader license, 
which is a commercial license issued by the DED that allows such license holders to sell products 
online and via social media platforms. 
3. 
The Treasury and Capital Markets Group  
The Bank's Treasury and Capital Markets group ("TCM") works closely with the Bank's Corporate 
and Investment Banking, Domestic Retail and International Banking groups to serve the needs of 
its corporate, retail and financial institution clients with respect to treasury and investment 
products, both locally and internationally. 
Mashreq Securities LLC, a subsidiary of the Bank, is an accredited securities broker on the Dubai 
Financial Market PJSC, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange ("ADX") and NASDAQ Dubai. 
Mashreq Securities LLC offers brokerage services in both conventional as well as Islamic formats. 
The Bank also facilitates access to regional and international markets. It offers individual and 
institutional clients a range of products and services via trading platforms. 
The Bank is also a broker and clearing member of the Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange, 
and has established an asset management subsidiary, Mashreq Capital (DIFC) Limited, in the 
DIFC. In addition, the TCM undertakes a limited amount of trading activity for its own account. 
In recent years, the Bank has extended its TCM product range to include customised derivative 
products designed to meet clients' individual investment and hedging requirements in foreign 
currency exchange, interest rates and equities. 
The TCM group is also primarily responsible for managing the Bank's liquidity requirements. It 
acts under the supervision of the Bank's Assets and Liabilities Committee. 
The Rates and Fixed Income desk within the TCM focuses on providing liability hedging solutions 
and tailor-made investment strategies to corporate, institutional and high net worth clients of the 
Bank across the GCC. The desk provides access to primary and secondary fixed income markets 
to the Bank's clients including banks, corporate entities, non-bank financial institutions, family 
offices and high net worth individuals. The desk publishes periodic research material covering 
international and regional economic and market developments.  
The Bank's Asset Management business comprises discretionary mandates for professional 
investors and public funds housed in the DIFC across a wide spectrum of strategies. Mashreq 
Capital (DIFC) Ltd. ("MC") is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and is 
responsible for managing public funds and discretionary mandates. MC specialises in regional 
public equities and global fixed income, in both Shari'a-compliant and conventional formats. MC 
offers comprehensive investment solutions, leveraging on regional investment expertise and 
fundamental research capability to deliver customised solutions.  
4. 
The International Banking Group  
The Bank's international network spans 12 countries. The Bank has: one branch in each of the 
United States, the United Kingdom, Kuwait, Qatar, India and Hong Kong; 16 branches in Cairo 
and Alexandria, Egypt; two legal entities based in Bahrain, one onshore and the other offshore. 
The Bank also has a presence in each of Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and China through 
representative offices. The offshore banking entity in Bahrain plays an important role in supporting 
the Bank's international wholesale corporate business. 
The Bank takes part in U.S.$ clearing, intermediating international trade and taking related 
corporate exposure in key countries having a trade link with the GCC. As a core strategy, the Bank 
focuses on growing its international corporate, financial institution and public sector business by 
leveraging its footprint to provide a wide array of financial services and products to its clients.

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
The Bank's focus remains on transactions across its network and on payments, trade, investment 
and capital flows between the various countries it operates in. The Bank's International Banking 
group offers in-depth knowledge of its markets and the products it offers, and takes a strong 
relationship-led approach. The group is able to leverage the Bank's expertise across lending, trade 
finance, treasury services and capital market products (structured both conventionally and in a 
Shari'a-compliant manner). 
The Bank's Widespread Network 
 
Loan Portfolio 
The Bank's total loans and advances to customers (net of impairment allowances) were AED 90,303 million 
as at 31 December 2022 and AED 81,486 million as at 31 December 2021. The following table sets out the 
Bank's gross loans (including Islamic financing and interest proceeds), provisions and loan to deposit ratios 
as at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
As at 31 
December 
2021 
(AED millions)
Gross loans..............................................................................................................................
95,085
88,207
Interest / other income in suspense..........................................................................................
(749)
(875)
Allowances for impairment.....................................................................................................
(4,033)
(5,846)
Net loans .................................................................................................................................
90,303
81,486
Net loans/customer deposits (per cent.)...................................................................................
79.3
80.3
Net loans/customer deposit + medium term loan (per cent.) ...................................................
75.9
74.9
 
Distribution of Loans by Type of Collateral 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank held collateral to the value of approximately AED 37.6 billion against 
loans and advances, consisting primarily of mortgage interests over property, other registered securities 
over assets and guarantees. 
The Bank's credit procedures and policies specify margins and collateral coverage ratios (i.e. loan to value 
of collateral) depending on the type of facility and collateral obtained as well as the financial strength of 
the underlying borrower. The Bank has systems in place to monitor and enforce margin and collateral top-up 
requirements, if any. The Bank's method of valuing the collateral depends upon the type of collateral taken. 
The Bank also obtains independent valuations of other types of collateral on a regular basis. Borrowers may 
be required to provide a cash top-up or provide additional collateral as a result of such valuations.

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Consumer loans provided for the purchase of assets, such as vehicles or residential property, are typically 
secured by the relevant assets. Those assets which are the subject of security in favour of the Bank are 
valued in advance of the loan being granted. For the purposes of calculating collateral coverage ratios, the 
Bank uses the lower of the purchase cost or fair market value of the relevant assets. Unsecured consumer 
loans are granted against the transfer of salary of the borrower and to employees of pre-approved companies 
or government departments. 
Distribution of Loans by Maturity 
The following table shows the distribution of the Bank's loan portfolio (net of impairment allowances) by 
maturity as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
(AED millions)
Short-term loans(1).......................................................................................................
40,258
37,002
Medium and long-term loans(2) ...................................................................................
50,046 
44,484 
Total ...........................................................................................................................  
90,303 
81,486 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Residual maturities of up to and including one year. 
(2) Residual maturities in excess of one year. 
Distribution of Loans by Currency 
The following table shows the distribution of the Bank's loan portfolio (net of impairment allowances) by 
currency as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
As at 31 December 
2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
(AED millions)
AED .............................................................................................................................
49,390
46,834
Foreign currency ..........................................................................................................
40,913 
34,652 
Total ............................................................................................................................  
90,303 
81,486 
 
The loans and advances, including Islamic financing, made by the Bank are typically funded in the same 
currency as the deposits and other sources of funds obtained by the Bank, which limits the Bank's exposure 
to exchange rate fluctuations. See "Risk Management — Currency Risk Management" below. 
Credit Approval Procedures 
The Board of Directors of the Bank delegates approval authorities to the Chairman of the Bank. The 
Chairman then delegates such authorities to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Credit Officer 
("CCO") of the Bank, who are, in turn, authorised to delegate certain credit approval authorities further 
within the credit risk management team of the Bank, based on the experience and employment grades of 
the credit approvers in the team. 
The CCO is responsible for overseeing all aspects of credit underwriting and management, and is supported 
by a team of experienced and trained credit risk managers. 
The CCO and credit risk managers have delegated authority within the risk management framework to 
approve credit transactions and manage credit risk on an ongoing basis. All credit proposals exceeding the 
authority of the CCO will be submitted to the CEO, Chairman and/or to Board Credit Committee for 
approval. 
The Bank has separate approval processes for its wholesale and retail businesses. 
Commercial Lending 
All credit applications are subject to the Bank's credit policies, credit limits, underwriting standards and 
industry caps (if any) and to regulatory requirements, as applicable from time to time.

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
Credit applications typically include the following information: the risk rating of the borrower; transaction 
details (including the amount and type of facility sought and pricing); the relevant credit conditions of the 
borrower; the security details of the borrower; information relating to the operating condition, business and 
management of the borrower, including a detailed financial analysis, background/historical information 
relating to the borrower, and related industry factors. The Bank sets credit limits for all borrowers and/or 
counterparties based on their creditworthiness. 
The Bank has implemented a credit risk rating framework that supports the development of key credit risk 
parameter estimates in order to measure credit and transaction risk. In 2016, the Bank partnered with 
Moody's Risk Analytics to perform a Basel internal ratings-based compliant redevelopment and model 
validation exercise. Rating models for midsized and large corporates were subsequently refreshed in 2021. 
The risk parameters used in the new risk rating models are transparent and may be replicated in order to 
provide consistency of credit approval, as well as providing minimum lending standards for each of the risk 
rating categories. The Bank's credit risk rating system is subject to a model governance and review 
framework stipulates periodic validation and continuous monitoring of key performance indicators for these 
models. The objectives of this framework are to ensure that credit risk rating methodologies and parameters 
remain appropriately designed and developed, independently validated, and regularly reviewed. Credit risk 
rating models, however, remain subject to model risk due to their statistical nature and the data limitations. 
These models are developed by the Enterprise Risk Management team under the umbrella of the Chief Risk 
Officer ("CRO") and CCO team is closely involved in the development of credit risk rating models. 
All credit lines or facilities extended by the Bank are approved within delegated authorities under the 
ultimate authority of the Board Credit Committee. 
The Bank has established country limits for cross-border and transfer risk between countries. Individual 
country limits are defined based on a detailed Country and transfer risk policy, defining acceptable country 
credit risk exposure and evaluating and controlling cross-border risk. These limits are regularly reviewed 
by the Bank's credit risk management and periodically reviewed by the Enterprise Risk Committee. The 
Bank uses an international risk rating system to differentiate between the quality of various sovereign risks. 
The Bank has diversified its exposure to avoid concentration risk. However, growth in exposure in some 
international jurisdictions with a higher risk profile than the UAE could have a material impact on Bank's 
results. 
Retail Lending 
Each retail credit application is considered for approval according to a product programme, which is devised 
in accordance with the product policy parameters approved by the CCO. The product policies are guided 
by the overarching Retail Credit Policy Manual, which is approved by the Bank's Board Risk Committee. 
Different authority levels are specified for approving product programmes and exceptions to, and individual 
loans/credits under, product programmes. Each product programme contains detailed credit criteria (for 
example credit score, repayment history, extent of indebtedness, current exposure, age, residency, etc.) and 
regulatory, compliance and documentation requirements, as well as other operating requirements. Credit 
approval authority levels range from Level 1 (approval of a credit application meeting all the criteria of an 
already approved product programme) to Level 5 which are approvals authorised by the CCO. 
Credit Review Procedures and Loan Classification 
Specialists within the Enterprise Risk Management (Fundamental Credit Review) and Internal Audit groups 
undertake regular reviews of the Bank's portfolio. This involves a sampling of assets in the wholesale 
portfolio. In retail, the focus is on testing the Bank's risk management processes, including the periodic 
review of retail assets, portfolio quality and related provisions. Specialist independent auditors subject the 
Bank's risk assets to a quality evaluation on a regular basis. Reviews are conducted in conformity with the 
guidelines of the UAE Central Bank and the Bank's internal policies in order to assist in the early 
identification of accrual and potential performance problems. The specialists validate risk ratings of those 
commercial and institutional clients and ensure approved credit policies, guidelines and operating 
procedures across the Bank are implemented, or highlight identified gaps in their reports. 
The Fundamental Credit Review and Internal Audit function provides the Bank's management and the 
Board of Directors with an independent and objective assessment as well as ongoing monitoring of the 
quality of asset portfolios across the Bank. It is an important component of the Bank's enterprise-wide risk

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
management framework designed to assist the Bank's management in ensuring that asset portfolios are 
managed in a manner consistent with strategy, risk appetite, sound qualitative and quantitative credit due 
diligence, emerging risks, credit policies and applicable credit regulatory requirements. 
Loan Classification 
The Bank has in place a risk rating system for its wholesale borrowers based on probability of default 
models. An application and behavioural scorecard has also been developed for the Bank's principal retail 
products. 
The Bank's master risk rating scale is comprised of twenty-five grades (MRS1 to MRS25) and encompasses 
material asset portfolios of the Bank. Risk ratings are granularly defined and, as they are based on specific 
models for specific segments, are comparable across the entire portfolio. 
While the Bank has adopted the risk rating system, it continues to ensure that its policies remain compliant 
with UAE Central Bank regulations. The Bank's portfolio of non-performing loans (obligations which are 
more than 90 days past due for principal or interest) continue, however, to be classified as either Non-
Accrual Under Restructuring, Sub-standard, Doubtful or Loss, as required by applicable UAE Central Bank 
regulations. The UAE Central Bank requires the following classification policy: 
 
Watchlist: These are loans and advances, including Islamic financing, where the borrower shows 
some weaknesses in its financial condition and credit-worthiness requiring focused attention but 
not allocation of provisions; 
 
Sub-standard loan: These are loans which may lead to the Bank incurring some loss due to adverse 
factors (financials, economic, legal, political, or managerial) which may hinder repayment, or due 
to weakening of security. Normally, this category includes loans and advances in which payment 
of principal is in arrears beyond 90 days. In such a case, a provision of 25 per cent. of the total loan 
balance is required; 
 
Doubtful loan: These are loans the full recovery of which seems doubtful on the basis of 
information available, leading generally to a loss of part of these loans (when the financial position 
of the customer is not sound and securities are not sufficient). In such a case, a provision of 50 per 
cent. of the total loan balance is required; and 
 
Loss loan: These are loans where the Bank has exhausted all courses of action available but failed 
to recover anything or where there is a possibility that nothing will be recovered. In such a case, a 
provision of 100 per cent. of the total loan balance is required. 
(Note: The specific provisions as above are to be based on the Net Exposure Amount, that being the 
Outstanding Loan balance less the Net Realisable Value of the collateral held calculated as per the UAE 
Central Bank guidelines). 
Provisions 
The Bank's policy for the calculation of impairment provisions for loans and advances complies in all 
material respects with the specific and general provision requirements of the UAE Central Bank. 
Additionally, in line with the UAE Central Bank guidelines, all banks operating in the UAE are required, 
in addition to the specific provisions, to build a general provision for unclassified loans and advances equal 
to 1.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets. The Bank currently maintains a general provision of 2.1 per cent. 
of its total gross loan portfolio, including Islamic financing. As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had specific 
impairment allowances for loans of AED 1,953 million in addition to a collective impairment allowance of 
AED 2,080 million. 
Impairment allowance requirements in respect of classified assets (under the Bank's internal risk 
classification) broadly follow the following guidelines for the Bank's exposure: 
Category 
Provision (%) 
Sub-standard .....................................................................................................................................................
25
Doubtful............................................................................................................................................................
50
Loss...................................................................................................................................................................
100

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
Retail banking products are provisioned in accordance with UAE Central Bank regulations. The Bank 
writes off retail assets (excluding mortgages) once they are 180 days past their due date. Retail mortgage 
loans are provided in line with UAE Central Bank regulation, which mandates provisioning from 90 days 
past due calculated on discounted loan-to-value based on current valuation. Loss, given default and 
expected loss metrics have also been developed for the major retail products. 
In addition to the above and in accordance with UAE Central Bank guidance notes to banks and finance 
companies, the Bank also measures general provisions under IFRS 9 rules. IFRS 9 outlines a 'three-stage' 
risk-based model for calculation of impairment based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition 
of a facility. As required by UAE Central Bank guidelines, the Bank takes the higher of the loan loss 
provisions required under IFRS 9 and UAE Central Bank regulations. 
In adopting prudent credit review and risk management procedures, the Bank seeks to maintain tight control 
over its loan portfolio to manage credit costs effectively and to minimise unexpected losses. 
The Bank also has a dedicated collection and recovery team for all delinquent retail lending, which 
commences collection efforts between one and 30 days after the first default. More focussed recovery 
efforts are initiated when a loan has been delinquent for more than 90 days. For the wholesale portfolio, the 
Bank has a separate unit, the Special Asset Unit, which is responsible for handling non-performing 
commercial loans with a view to ensuring maximum recovery for the Bank. In addition, the Bank's legal 
department is fully involved throughout the remedial process, initiating appropriate legal action where 
necessary. 
Impact of the New IFRS 9 Impairment Guidelines 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
In January 2018, the Bank adopted the IFRS 9 standard, which resulted in changes to the Bank's 
presentations and disclosure in its financial statements, as required by IFRS. This has fundamentally 
redesigned the provisioning process, moving from an 'incurred loss' model to a forward-looking 'expected 
loss' model. The standard contains a 'three stage' approach to recognise credit impairment, which is based 
on the changes observed in credit quality of financial assets since initial recognition. Assets move through 
the three stages as credit quality changes and the stages dictate the level of impairment losses to be 
recognised. For the recognition of impairment losses on financial assets, expected loss is to be computed. 
Doubtful and Loss Accounts – Customers 
The following table shows the Bank's non-performing loans, including Islamic financing, and related 
provisions and ratios as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
As at 31 
December 
2021 
(AED millions)
Gross loans.............................................................................................................................
95,085
88,207
Interest / other income in suspense.........................................................................................
749
875
Impairment allowance for doubtful loans...............................................................................
4,033
5,846
Total allowance for impairment .............................................................................................
4,782
6,721
Non-performing loans ............................................................................................................
2,862
5,434
Gross non-performing loans to gross loans ratio ....................................................................
2.2
5.2
Loan loss coverage ratio.........................................................................................................
191
128
 
The Bank charges interest on most non-performing accounts for litigation purposes but does not record 
such accrued income with respect to non-performing accounts as income in preparing its financial 
statements. The Bank writes off certain loans against provisions held, in order to streamline its loan 
portfolio and in the year ended 31 December 2022, the Bank wrote off AED 2.4 billion from classified 
accounts which had been provisioned.

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Doubtful and Loss Accounts – Banks 
The following table shows the Bank's non-performing assets and related provisions and ratios as at 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
As at 31 
December 
2021 
(AED millions)
Due from banks (gross)..........................................................................................................
28,967
28,973
Non-performing bank assets...................................................................................................
25
79
Impairment allowance for bank assets....................................................................................
121
167
Non-performing bank assets/total due from bank (per cent.)..................................................
0.09
0.27
Total impairment allowance/non-performing bank assets (per cent.) .....................................
480.0
211.4
 
Investment Portfolio 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's investment portfolio represented 13.7 per cent. of its total assets 
(compared with 15.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). 
The equity holdings of the Bank constituted 2.9 per cent. of the Bank's investment portfolio as at 31 
December 2022 (compared with 2.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). Debt securities held by the Bank 
include securities issued by banks, GCC and OECD sovereigns, as well as a range of other high-grade 
bonds. 
Deposits and Other Funding Sources 
As at 31 December 2022, customer deposits constituted 65.3 per cent. of the Bank's total liabilities 
(compared with 65 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). 
In February 2004, the Bank established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "EMTN 
Programme"). The size of the EMTN Programme was increased from U.S.$750 million to U.S.$2 billion 
in March 2006 and increased again to U.S.$5 billion in September 2010. 
In 2018, the Bank issued 63 private placement Notes under the EMTN Programme for a total of 
U.S.$1,909.1 million. In 2019, the Bank issued 76 private placement notes for a total of U.S.$2,021 million 
and a U.S.$675 million benchmark 5-year public bond under the EMTN Programme. In 2020, the Bank 
issued 22 private placement notes for a total of U.S.$618.1 million. In 2021, the Bank did not issue any 
private placement notes. In 2022, the Bank issued 4 private placements for a total of U.S.$38.1 million. 
The following table sets out the maturity profile of the Bank's liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021: 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 31 December 2021 
(AED million)
Per cent.
(AED million)
Per cent.
Short-term(1) .......................................................................
162,920
93.4
145,981
93.6
Long-term(2)........................................................................  
11,473 
6.6 
10,048 
6.4 
Total ..................................................................................  
174,393 
100 
156,029 
100 
 _______________  
(1) Short-term means deposits maturing in less than one year, and other liabilities. 
(2) Long-term means deposits and borrowing maturing in more than one year. 
Market Risk Management 
Bank's exposure to market risk in investments and other trading products is monitored and controlled on a 
regular basis by the Bank's Market and Traded Credit Risk Unit under the Risk Management division using 
detailed management information reports. TCM stipulates individual dealer position and trading limits in 
treasury-managed activities within the overall regulatory guidelines and according to the Bank's internal 
frameworks and risk appetite. Cross-border and financial institutions exposure limits for money market and 
other banking activities are approved in accordance with guidelines set out in the Bank's credit policy and 
within the Bank's defined risk appetite framework. 
A key element in market risk management is the estimation of potential loss that may arise from adverse 
changes in market conditions. To estimate such potential loss, the Bank implemented a Value at Risk

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
("VaR") model which is being used to set VaR-based limits with respect to market risk. The VaR model 
considers variables that may affect portfolio value such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and security 
prices and their respective volatilities, and the correlations between these variables. The VaR estimates take 
account of potential diversification benefits of different positions both within each and across different 
portfolios. 
Liquidity Risk Management 
The Bank manages its liquidity in accordance with UAE Central Bank requirements and its own internal 
guidelines. The UAE Central Bank sets cash reserve requirements on deposits, which are currently 1 per 
cent. on time deposits and 14 per cent. on current, savings and call deposits. However, as noted under "The 
United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation - Covid-19" below, as part of the Central 
Bank's stimulus package in response to COVID-19, the minimum reserve requirement for all current, call 
and savings deposits has been decreased from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.. The UAE Central Bank also 
imposes a mandatory 1:1 utilisation ratio whereby loans and advances (combined with interbank 
placements having a remaining term of greater than three months) should not exceed stable funds. Stable 
funds are defined by the UAE Central Bank to mean free own funds, interbank deposits with a remaining 
term of more than six months and stable customer deposits. As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's net loans 
and advances, including Islamic financing, to stable funds ratio was 81.63 per cent. To guard against 
liquidity risk, the Bank has diversified its funding sources and manages its assets with liquidity in mind, 
seeking to maintain a balance of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. ALCO sets and 
monitors liquidity ratios and regularly revises and updates the Bank's liquidity management policies to 
ensure that the Bank is in a position to meet its obligations as they fall due. 
The following table sets forth a number of liquidity ratios for the Bank as at 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
Liquidity Ratios 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
Customer deposits/total funding base............................................................................
70.0
68.8
Net loans/customer deposits..........................................................................................
79.3
80.3
Net loans/total assets.....................................................................................................
45.4
46.0
 
Interest Rate Risk Management 
Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect the value of financial 
instruments. The Bank is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of mismatches or gaps in the amounts of 
assets and liabilities. 
The Bank uses simulation-modelling tools to periodically measure and monitor interest rate sensitivity. The 
results are analysed and monitored by ALCO. Most of the Bank's assets and liabilities are of a floating rate 
nature and therefore the price of both assets and liabilities move simultaneously, providing a natural hedge 
and reducing interest rate exposure. Moreover, the majority of the Bank's assets and liabilities reprice within 
one year, thereby further limiting interest rate risk. 
Currency Risk Management 
The UAE dirham is the Bank's functional currency. The majority of the Bank's assets and liabilities are 
denominated in UAE dirham or U.S. dollars. As a result, limited structural cross-currency foreign currency 
exposure exists. However, as at 31 December 2022, the Bank maintained a long U.S. dollar position of 
AED 11 billion, which is within limits approved by ALCO. The Bank's other net foreign exchange exposure 
was not significant. 
See Note 43 to the 2022 Financial Statements. 
Internal Audit 
The Internal Audit Group of the Bank provides independent assurance on the effectiveness of lending and 
risk management processes. The Group verifies that the credit facilities provided adhere to the Bank's 
internal policies and regulatory guidelines. It also reviews the processes associated with portfolio 
monitoring, know your customer (KYC), operating procedures and adherence to Shari'a compliance 
guidelines, as applicable. For commercial and institutional clients, it further includes credit initiation, 
approval, account management and the risk rating assigned to the borrower. For the retail customers, the 
audit team also assesses the processes to highlight portfolio risk by product and segment.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Competition 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank was the fifth largest local bank in the UAE in terms of total assets (see 
"Ranking by Total Assets" below). The Bank competes principally with other commercial banks in the 
UAE, but also faces competition from regional and international banks and investment companies. 
The following tables show rankings of local banks operating in the UAE by total assets, customer deposits, 
total loans and advances and retail loans and advances as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
Ranking by Total Assets 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
(AED millions)
First Abu Dhabi Bank ......................................................................................................
1,110,056
1,001,096
Emirates NBD..................................................................................................................
741,962
687,437
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank ..........................................................................................
497,842
440,278
Dubai Islamic Bank..........................................................................................................
288,238
279,082
Mashreqbank....................................................................................................................
198,811
177,054
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank..................................................................................................
168,517
136,868
_______________ 
Source: Annual reports and financial statements of the relevant banks as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Ranking by Customer Deposits 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
(AED millions)
First Abu Dhabi Bank .........................................................................................................
700,573
614,670
Emirates NBD.....................................................................................................................
502,953
456,484
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank .............................................................................................
308,931
265,052
Dubai Islamic Bank.............................................................................................................
198,637
205,845
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank.....................................................................................................
138,137
109,611
Mashreqbank.......................................................................................................................
113,806
101,483
 _______________  
Source: Annual reports and financial statements of the relevant banks as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Ranking by Loans and Advances 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
(AED millions)
First Abu Dhabi Bank .......................................................................................................
459,593
409,590
Emirates NBD...................................................................................................................
416,604
422,272
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank ...........................................................................................
258,493
244,282
Dubai Islamic Bank...........................................................................................................
238,271
228,485
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank...................................................................................................
107,717
88,252
Mashreqbank.....................................................................................................................
90,303
81,486
 _______________  
Source: Annual reports and financial statements of the relevant banks as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Property 
The Bank owns a multi-storey building in Dubai as its corporate headquarters. The Bank also owns 
buildings in Abu Dhabi, Ajman and Dubai, each of which is partially occupied by the Bank. The total cost 
of real property assets owned by the Bank as at 31 December 2022 was AED 1,190 million with 
accumulated depreciation of AED 281 million, giving a net book value of the Bank's real estate assets at of 
such date of AED 909 million. The Bank also owns land costing AED 202 million, which was acquired in 
settlement of debt. As at 31 December 2022, the book value of such properties was AED 164 million. 
Capital Expenditure 
For the period ended 31 December 2022, the Bank incurred capital expenditure amounting to AED 146 
million and for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank incurred AED 129 million of capital 
expenditure. 
Capital Adequacy 
The UAE Central Bank, as per Basel III guidelines requires all UAE banks to maintain a minimum total 
capital adequacy ratio, calculated as the sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital, of 10.5 per cent. Effective 
from 1 January 2019, within this minimum capital adequacy ratio, banks are required to maintain a 7 per 
cent. minimum Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and an 8.5 per cent. minimum Tier 1 Capital ratio. 
Additionally, banks are required to maintain a 2.5 per cent. Capital Conservation Buffer, as per transitional 
arrangement. The total capital adequacy ratio including Capital Conservation Buffer comes to 13 per cent.

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had a total capital adequacy ratio of 16.0 per cent., a Tier 1 Capital ratio 
of 13.7 per cent. and a Tier 2 Capital ratio of 2.3 per cent., which were all above the minimum UAE Central 
Bank requirements. The Bank's capital management is aimed at maintaining an optimum level of capital to 
enable it to pursue strategies that build long-term shareholder value, whilst always meeting minimum 
regulatory capital adequacy ratio requirements. 
Leverage and Liquidity 
Basel III introduced a minimum 3 per cent. leverage ratio effective 30 June 2020 and two liquidity ratios, 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"). 
LCR requires a bank to hold sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover its total net cash flows over a 30 
day stress-testing period. Banks are required to maintain a minimum LCR ratio of 100 per cent. from 
1 January 2019. The Bank's LCR ratio as at 31 December 2022 was 151.8 per cent. 
Anti-Money Laundering Policy 
The Bank has implemented an Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") programme that is designed to comply 
with all applicable local laws, regulations and guidance relating the prevention of money laundering, 
terrorist financing and related financial crimes. The AML programme includes, inter alia, written policies 
and procedures, a designated Money Laundering Reporting Officer, regular training of relevant Bank 
employees and independent testing of the programme. The Bank operates automated systems and manual 
monitoring to detect potential suspicious activities which are subject to external reporting obligations to 
appropriate supervisory agencies in accordance with all applicable laws. The Bank continuously 
strengthens its AML programme by updating written policies, procedures and internal controls designed to 
prevent, detect and mitigate all applicable financial crime risks. For further detail regarding the Bank's 
AML programme, see "Regulatory – 2018 Consent Order" below. 
Regulatory 
2021 Consent Order 
In 2021, the Bank reached a resolution with the New York State Department of Financial Services (the 
"DFS"), the Federal Reserve Board of Governors and Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Fed") and 
the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") regarding violations of 
OFAC's Sudanese Sanctions Regulations for the period between January 2005 and February 2009. Pursuant 
to a Consent Order entered into by the Bank and the DFS (the "2021 Consent Order"), the Bank has agreed 
to pay the DFS a total of U.S.$100 million over a two-year period. In contrast, by reference to the same 
transaction activity, the Fed and OFAC did not impose a financial penalty on the Bank. 
The 2021 Consent Order and the resolutions reached with the Fed and OFAC address findings relating to 
the Bank's processing of U.S dollar payments through U.S. correspondent banks originating from accounts 
of Sudanese banks held outside the United States, a practice that the Bank self-terminated in February 2009. 
As noted by the DFS in the 2021 Consent Order, the Bank fully cooperated with the DFS during its 
investigation into these matters, including by reporting on the results of its internal investigation of such 
matters, and that the Bank had on its own initiative undertaken significant remediation to prevent similar 
events from recurring. The DFS also noted that the Bank had demonstrated a commitment to building an 
effective and sustainable OFAC compliance programme, which the DFS deemed adequate with sufficient 
controls in place. Both the 2021 Consent Order and the resolution with the Fed impose certain post-
settlement reporting obligations, including a requirement by the Fed to retain an independent consultant to 
conduct an OFAC compliance review. 
Dialogue with a US agency regarding the same matter is ongoing and, based on legal advice, it is premature 
at this stage to determine if the Bank is likely to be subject to any further penalty or the quantum of any 
such penalty. 
2018 Consent Order 
In 2018, the Bank reached a settlement with certain U.S. authorities regarding U.S. sanctions compliance 
in the period 2016 to 2017, involving a Consent Order by the DFS (the "2018 Consent Order"). Under the 
terms of the 2018 Consent Order, the Bank has agreed to pay the DFS a total of U.S.$40 million.

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
The 2018 Consent Order addresses findings related to Anti-Money Laundering and Bank Secrecy Act 
violations as well as regulations issued by OFAC as relates to the activities of the New York Branch of the 
Bank, which provides U.S. dollar clearing services. 
The 2018 Consent Order did not specify any wilful violations by the Bank. In particular, it was noted in the 
2018 Consent Order that the Bank has demonstrated a keen interest in and commitment to, remediating its 
regulatory issues addressed in the 2018 Consent Order and has demonstrated laudable conduct in seeking 
to meet its compliance obligations. 
The Bank is committed to establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective Anti-Money Laundering, 
Bank Secrecy Act and sanctions compliance policies. The Bank has worked with the DFS-appointed 
consultant on the remediation and improvement of all Anti-Money Laundering, Bank Secrecy Act and 
sanctions compliance policies, procedures, methodologies and systems. The Bank has enhanced and 
implemented: (i) a Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Program Manual; (ii) KYC 
Policy and Standard Operating Procedures; (iii) Transaction Monitoring Standard Operating Procedures; 
(iv) Quality Assurance Methodology and Standard Operating Procedures; (v) Customer Risk Assessment 
Methodology and Form; (vi) Geographic Risk Assessment Methodology; (vii) Training Policy; (viii) DFS 
Part 504 Procedures; (ix) Sanctions Standard Operating Procedures; and (x) Anti-Money Laundering 
Tuning Methodology. The Bank continues to evaluate and enhance its sanctions screening system 
"Fircosoft" and transaction monitoring system "Actimize". 
Tax 
The Bank is not subject to tax in the UAE, whether corporate or otherwise. The Bank may be subject to tax 
in other jurisdictions where it operates. 
Subsidiaries 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had 14 direct subsidiaries which included: Oman Insurance Company 
(PSC), Osool a Finance Company (PJSC), Mindscape FZ LLC, Mashreq Securities LLC, Mashreq Al-
Islami Finance Company (PJSC), Injaz Services FZ LLC, Mashreq Capital (DIFC) Limited, Invictus 
Limited, Al Taqania Employment Services One Person LLC, Al Kaafat Employment Services One Person 
Company LLC, Shorouq Commodities Trading DMCC, IDFAA payment Services LLC, Mashreq for 
Business Process Support (Sole Person Company) & Mashreq Global Services (SMC private) Limited. 
Oman Insurance Company PSC 
Oman Insurance Company PSC ("Oman Insurance Company") is 64.46 per cent. owned by the Bank and 
is the largest insurance company in the UAE. It provides a wide range of insurance products and services. 
As at 31 December 2022, it had total assets of AED 9,240 million, compared with total assets of AED 7,556 
million as at 31 December 2021. In the year ended 31 December 2022, Oman Insurance Company 
contributed net income of AED 144 million to the Bank (after non-controlling interests), compared with 
contributed net income of AED 133 million for the year ended December 2021. 
Osool-A Finance Company (PJSC) 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares of Osool-A Finance Company (PJSC) ("Osool"), a consumer 
finance company. As at 31 December 2022, it had total assets of AED 166 million, compared with total 
assets of AED 164 million as at 31 December 2021. In the year ended 31 December 2022, Osool generated 
AED 1.6 million of net income, compared with net income of AED 2.8 million in the year ended 31 
December 2021. Currently no new business is booked in Osool-A Finance Company. 
Mindscape FZ-LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Mindscape FZ-LLC ("Mindscape"), which provides 
technology solutions and support to the Bank and its subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2022, Mindscape had 
total assets of AED 167 million, compared with total assets of AED 1,905 million as at 31 December 2021. 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, Mindscape generated net income of AED 14.9 million (after non-
controlling interests), compared with AED 11.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Mashreq Securities LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Mashreq Securities LLC ("Mashreq Securities"), a securities 
brokerage which is authorised to trade on the Dubai Financial Market and Abu Dhabi Finance Market. As 
at 31 December 2022, Mashreq Securities had total assets of AED 69 million, compared with total assets 
of AED 63 million as at 31 December 2021. In the year ended 31 December 2022, Mashreq Securities 
generated a net income of AED 5.3 million compared with a net loss (after non-controlling interests) of 
AED 1.3 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Mashreq Al-Islami Finance Company (PJSC) 
The Bank owns 99.8 per cent. of the shares of Mashreq Al Islami Finance Company (PJSC) which provides 
Shari'a-compliant finance for personal consumer and commercial purposes. As at 31 December 2022, it 
had assets of AED 1,219 million compared with total assets of AED 1,275 million as at 31 December 2022 
and made a net profit of AED 24 million (after the non-controlling interest) compared with AED 40 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Mashreq Capital (DIFC) Limited 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Mashreq Capital (DIFC) Limited ("Mashreq Capital") which 
runs fixed income funds in the DIFC. As at 31 December 2022, Mashreq Capital had total assets of AED 
26 million. 
Injaz Services FZ LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Injaz Services FZ LLC ("Injaz"), which is registered in the 
Dubai Outsourcing Zone and acts as the business processing outsourcing unit of the Bank. 
Invictus Limited 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of shares of Invictus Limited a special purpose vehicle incorporated in the 
Cayman Islands. As at 31 December 2022, Invictus Limited had total assets of AED 5,673 million. 
Al Taqania Employment Services One Person Company LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Al Taqania Employment Services One Person Company LLC 
(formerly known as Al Taqania Employment Services (LLC)), which provides employment services, such 
as secretarial, sales, telephonic, answering service, data processing, data entry, collections, recovery and 
marketing services. As at 31 December 2022, the company had assets of AED 11 million. 
Al Kaafat Employment Services One Person Company LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares in Al Kaafat Employment Services One Person (LLC) (formerly 
known as Al Kafaat Employment Services (LLC)), which provides employment services, such as 
secretarial, sales, telephonic, answering service, data processing, data entry, collections, recovery and 
marketing services. As at 31 December 2022, the company had assets of AED 2.6 million. 
Shorouq Commodities Trading DMCC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares of Shorouq Commodities Trading DMCC, a trading company 
incorporated in the DMCC free zone. Primary activities of the company include trading of refined oil, 
petrochemicals, steel and metal products. As at 31 December 2022, the company had assets of AED 1,218 
million. 
IDFAA payment Services LLC 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares of IDFAA Payment Services LLC which provides payment 
services for the Bank. 
Mashreq for Business Process Support (Sole Person Company) 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares of Mashreq for Business Process Support (Sole Person 
Company), which provides employment services in Egypt.

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Mashreq Global Services (SMC private) Limited 
The Bank owns 100 per cent. of the shares of Mashreq for Business Process Support (Sole Person 
Company), which provides employment services in Pakistan. 
Associate 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had one Associate which is Emirates Digital Wallet LLC. 
The Bank owns 23.61 per cent. of the shares of Emirates Digital Wallet LLC, which provides digital wallet 
services in the UAE. 
Joint Venture 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had one Joint Venture which is Noon Digital Pay LLC. 
The Bank owns 51.00 per cent. of the shares of Noon Digital Pay LLC, which provides digital wallet 
services in the UAE.

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Board of Directors 
The Bank operates under the direction of a Board of Directors which meets every quarter. The Board of 
Directors comprises seven elected members and is vested with the powers to manage the Bank and conduct 
its business in accordance with its objects and with Federal Law No. 2 of 2015, as amended, concerning 
commercial companies of the UAE, the Bank's articles of association and resolutions of the shareholders. 
Two of the seven directors are independent directors who are not related to the major shareholders of the 
Bank or the Chairman. All directors are non-executive directors. The Board of Directors is elected as a 
body by the shareholders in an ordinary general meeting for a term of three years and each Director is 
eligible for re-election upon the expiration of that term. The Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Bank 
are elected by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors appoints a Chief Executive Officer who is 
responsible for implementing board resolutions and managing the day-to-day business of the Bank, 
although the overall responsibility for the direction and strategy of the business of the Bank remains vested 
in the Board of Directors. 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Bank's Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair ......................................................................  
Chairman 
Ali Rashid Ahmed Lootah ...............................................................................  
Vice Chairman 
Rashed Saif Ahmad Al Ghurair .......................................................................  
Director 
Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi ........................................................  
Director 
John Iossifidis ..................................................................................................  
Director 
Iyad Malas .......................................................................................................  
Director 
Saeed Saif Al Ghurair .....................................................................................  
Director 
 
Detailed below is brief biographical information on the members of the Bank's Board of Directors. 
H.E. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
His Excellency, Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair, is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Bank. Prior to his 
election as Chairman, Mr Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair held the position of Chief Executive Officer and 
Director of the Bank since 1991. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Abdullah Al Ghurair 
Group of Companies. His Excellency holds an honours degree in Industrial Engineering from California 
Polytechnic State University. 
Mr. Ali Rashid Ahmed Lootah 
Mr. Ali Rashid Ahmed Lootah has been a Director of the Bank since 1996. He is a prominent member of a 
Dubai business family. Mr. Ali Rashid Ahmed Lootah is a Civil Engineering graduate from Clarkson 
University in the United States, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Bank, Chairman of the 
Board Credit Committee and member of the Board Nomination and Compensation Committee of the Bank. 
Mr. Ali Rashid Ahmed Lootah is a Board member of Dubai World and was the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Nakheel PJSC until January 2020. 
Mr. Rashed Saif Ahmed Al Ghurair 
Mr. Rashed Saif Ahmed Al Ghurair has been a Board member of the Bank since 2013. He is also a member 
of the Board Risk Committee of the Bank. Mr. Rashed Saif Ahmed Al Ghurair also holds the following 
positions: Chairman of Taghleef Industries and Director at Saif Al Ghurair Group.

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Mr. Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi 
Mr. Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi has been a Director of the Bank since July 2013. He holds a 
Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering from Pennsylvania State University 
in the United States. He is the Chairman of the Board Risk Committee, a member of the Board Credit 
Committee, a member of the Board Audit Committee and a member of the Board Remuneration and 
Compensation Committee. Mr. Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi also holds the following positions: 
Vice Chairman of Dana Gas PJSC, Board member at Emarat, Board member at Sukoon Insurance PJSC, 
Board member at DIFCA and Board member at Al Ghurair Holding Ltd. 
Mr. John Iossifidis 
Mr. John Iossifidis joined the Board of Directors of the Bank in 2021. He holds a Master of Business 
Administration ("MBA") degree from Monash University, Australia. He is the Chairman of the Board Audit 
Committee and a member of the Board Risk Committee of the Bank. Mr. John Iossifidis formerly served 
as the CEO of Noor Bank and also holds the following positions: member of the Australian Institute of 
Company Directors, member of the Australian Business Council, Fellow of the Australian Institute of 
Bankers and CEO of AGI. 
Mr. Iyad Malas 
Mr. Iyad Malas joined the Bank's Board of Directors in 2021. He holds an MBA degree from George 
Washington University in the United States. He is a member of the Board Credit Committee and a member 
of the Board Audit Committee at Mashreq Bank. Mr. Iyad Malas formerly served as the CEO of Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding and also holds the following positions: CEO of Al Ghurair Group LLC and Chairman of 
the Board of Beco VC fund. 
Mr. Saeed Saif Al Ghurair 
Mr. Saeed Saif Al Ghurair joined the Bank's Board of Directors in 2021 and holds a degree in Mechanical 
Engineering from Northeastern University, Boston, in the United States. He is the Chairman of the Board 
Nomination and Compensation Committee at the Bank. Mr. Saeed Saif Al Ghurair also holds the following 
positions: CEO of Al Ghurair Commodities and Board member of Al Ghurair Group LLC. 
The business address of the Directors of the Bank is Mashreqbank Global Headquarters, Al Umniyati Street, 
Burj Khalifa Community, P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, UAE. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the Directors of the Bank listed 
above and their private interests or other duties. 
Management Team 
Management of the day-to-day operations of the Bank is the responsibility of the Management Team. The 
Management Team meets regularly to discuss the business strategy, business plans and performance, 
investment strategy and operations of the Bank and submits recommendations to the Board of Directors. 
The following table sets forth the names of the senior officers of the Bank who comprised the Management 
Team as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Ahmed Abdelaal 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
Ali Raza Khan 
Group Head of Corporate Affairs 
Tarek El Nahas 
Group Head of International Banking 
Fernando Morillo Lopez 
Group Head of Retail Banking 
Nasser A. Paracha 
Group Head of Internal Audit

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Hammad Naqvi 
Group Head of Treasury and Capital Markets 
Roy Philip Sebastian 
Group Chief Credit Officer  
Anuratna Chadha 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
Joel Van Dusen 
Group Head of Corporate and Investment Banking 
Mark Edwards 
Group Head of Operations 
Scott Ramsay 
Group Head of Compliance and Bank Money 
Laundering Reporting Officer  
Rania Nerhal 
Chief Client Experience and Conduct Officer - 
Client Experience and Conduct Group  
Marouf Mohamed Shweikeh 
Group General Counsel 
Muna Al Ghurair 
Group Head of Marketing 
and 
Corporate 
Communications 
Hamda Al Shamali 
Chief People and Intellectual Capital Officer 
 
None of the members of the Management Team is related to the major shareholders or the Chairman. 
Detailed below is brief biographical information on the members of the Management Team of the Bank. 
Mr. Ahmed Abdelaal – Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Ahmed Abdelaal is an alumnus of London Business School and holds an MBA. He joined the Bank in 
November 2017. Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Regional Head of Corporate Clients Coverage 
MENAT and Head of Commercial Banking UAE at HSBC. Prior to that he was Regional Head, Corporate 
Banking and Structured Finance, Large Corporate MENAT. He had been with HSBC for over a decade in 
progressively senior roles before joining the Bank. He has also worked for ABN Amro, American Express 
and Arab Bank. 
Mr. Ali Raza Khan – Group Head of Corporate Affairs 
Mr. Ali Raza Khan joined the Bank in 1980. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Kanpur University. 
He became a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 1978. During the past 41 years 
Mr. Khan has served in different positions within the Bank including as Operations Manager, Central 
Account Division Manager and Head of the Human Resources Division. As Group Head of Corporate 
Affairs, he is responsible for finance, planning, accounts, procurement and administrative functions in the 
Bank. 
Mr. Tarek El Nahas – Group Head of International Banking 
Mr. Tarek El Nahas joined the Bank in 2020. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political 
Science from the American University in Cairo and a Master of Science degree in Economics from the 
London School of Economics. 
Mr. Fernando Morillo Lopez – Head of Retail Banking 
Mr. Fernando Morillo Lopez joined the Bank in 2021. He holds a General Management Programme degree 
from Harvard Business School, an MBA from Instituto de Empresa in Madrid and a Bachelor of Science 
degree in Aeronautical Engineering from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid. 
Mr. Nasser A. Paracha – Group Head of Internal Audit 
Mr Nasser A. Paracha joined the Bank in October 1995. He is an alumnus of Harvard Business School 
("HBS") in the United States, having completed a General Management Programme at HBS and has a

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Bachelor's degree in Operational Research and Computing from the University of Leeds in the United 
Kingdom. During his tenure, Mr. Nasser A. Paracha served in different positions within the Bank including 
as Compliance Manager, Head of Compliance and Head of Audit. Prior to joining the Bank, he worked 
with Deutsche Bank AG in Karachi (Pakistan), as Assistant Manager – Corporate Banking. 
Mr. Hammad Naqvi – Group Head of Treasury and Capital Markets 
Mr. Hammad Naqvi joined the Bank in 1996. He holds an MBA degree from the Institute of Business 
Administration in Karachi. Prior to joining the Bank in 1996, he was Head of Treasury with Bank of 
America, Pakistan and he was also posted as Treasurer of Bank of America, Poland. He also spent two 
years in the merchant banking division of ANZ Grindlays in Pakistan. 
Mr. Roy Philip Sebastian – Group Chief Credit Officer 
Mr. Roy Philip Sebastian joined the Bank in 2019. He holds a Master's Degree in Commerce and is a 
Certified Associate of the Indian Institute of Bankers. He is a seasoned banking professional with over 30 
years of work experience specialising in Credit Risk Management and Corporate Banking. Prior to joining 
the Bank, he spent over 21 years with HSBC Group in the Middle East. His last position held was as 
Regional Head of Credit Approval, Wholesale Credit MENAT, HSBC. 
Mr. Anuratna Chadha – Group Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Anuratna Chadha joined the Bank in 2019. He has an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad and holds a Bachelor's degree in Commerce from Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi. His 
banking career spans over 30 years, primarily in risk management, wholesale and corporate banking across 
Singapore, Japan, India and South Africa. 
Mr. Mark Edwards – Group Head of Operations 
Mr. Mark Edwards joined the Bank in 2020. He is a Business Management graduate from the University 
of Stirling in the United Kingdom and the Executive Management programme from INSEAD (France and 
Singapore). Mr. Mark Edwards has over 25 years of experience in business operations and with 
international and regional baking experience across banking operations, shared services, business 
transformation, project management and corporate integration. 
Mr. Scott Ramsay – Group Head of Compliance and Bank Money Laundering Reporting Officer 
Mr. Scott Ramsay joined the Bank in 2020. He has a Master of Laws honours degree from Victoria 
University of Wellington in New Zealand. Mr Scott Ramsay has over 15 years of banking and senior 
management experience, with an extensive background in areas of compliance, financial crimes and anti-
money laundering, among others. 
Ms. Rania Nerhal – Chief Client Experience and Conduct Officer – Client Experience and Conduct 
Group 
Ms. Rania Nerhal joined the Bank in 2018. She has a Bachelor's degree in Economics from the Faculty of 
Commerce and Foreign Trade, Cairo, Egypt. She has more than 25 years of experience in client relationship 
management in the banking industry. Before joining the Bank, she held executive management roles, such 
as Head of Client Corporate Coverage and Head of Large Corporates and Public Sector at HSBC, and at 
Egyptian American Bank, Commercial Bank of Dubai, and Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait. 
Mr. Marouf Mohamed Shweikeh – Group General Counsel 
Mr. Marouf Mohamed Shweikeh joined the Bank in 2021. He has a Master in Laws in International 
Commercial Law from the University of Sussex, United Kingdom. Mr. Marouf Mohamed Shweikeh has 
over 25 years of legal experience. His functional expertise covers areas such as lending transactions, new 
market entry and due diligence, legally focused product development, regulatory projects, privatisation and 
commercial litigation, in addition to arbitration and mediation.

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Ms. Muna Al Ghurair – Group Head of Marketing & Corporate Communications 
Ms. Muna Al Ghurair joined the Bank in 2022. She holds a diploma in marketing from the UAE Polytechnic 
University. Ms. Al Ghurair is an Emirati with over 20 years of experience in communications, marketing, 
sales and business development with an outstanding track record with leading payments and financial 
institutions in the region. 
Hamda Al Shamali – Chief People and Intellectual Capital Officer 
Ms. Hamda Al Shamali joined the Bank in the third quarter of 2022. She is an Emirati human resources 
professional with a strong track record spanning more than 20 years of accomplishments with leading local 
and international organizations. She holds a Bachelor’s degree of Applied Science in Business 
Administration from the Higher Colleges of Technology Dubai. 
Prior to joining Mashreq, Hamda was the Executive Director, human resources at The National Health 
Insurance Company – Daman, overseeing all aspects of the company's Human Resources function. Her 
experience also includes leading nationalization and local talent initiatives across multiple roles in the GCC 
for international banks such as HSBC Bank Middle East and Barclays PLC. 
The business address of the Management Team of the Bank is Mashreqbank Global Headquarters, Al 
Umniyati Street, Burj Khalifa Community, P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, UAE. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the members of the 
Management Team listed above and their private interests or other duties. 
Board Remuneration 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Bank received remuneration of AED 55 million and benefits 
in kind during the year ended 31 December 2022 as the Bank declared a profit in the financial year 2021. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank employed 5,457 full-time staff. The Bank has not experienced any 
strikes since its establishment and considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 
The Bank has a variable pay scheme for all employees pursuant to which a performance bonus is awarded 
to top performers based on annual performance appraisals. The bonus paid is a function of the performance 
of the Bank, the performance of the respective unit for which the individual works and the individual's own 
performance. 
The Bank has incentive plans for sales staff in various business segments. These incentives are paid on each 
sale booked, covering personal loans, credit cards and investment products; in most cases, the Bank utilises 
a stepped incentive structure. 
Emiratisation 
The Bank supports the UAE government's mandate to gradually nationalise its employee work force. In 
order to move towards fulfilling this commitment, the Bank gives first priority to UAE nationals at all levels 
within the Bank, subject to the availability of requisite talent in the market. In line with current UAE 
national work force demographics, entry-level positions are generally filled by UAE nationals. Recruiting, 
developing and retaining UAE nationals is a focus area for the Bank. See further "The United Arab Emirates 
Banking System and Prudential Regulation –Characteristics of the Banking System – Expatriate 
workforce". 
Transactions with Related Parties 
As at 31 December 2022, certain related parties (Directors, key management personnel) and major 
shareholders of the Bank and companies of which they are principal owners were customers of the Bank in 
the ordinary course of business and, in the aggregate, had outstanding customers' deposits of AED 1,662 
million (compared with AED 1,260 million as at 31 December 2021), loans and advances, including Islamic 
financing, in the amount of AED 3,352 million (compared with AED 2,935 million as at 31 December

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
2021) and letters of credit, guarantees and acceptances in the amount of AED 1,474 million (compared with 
AED 1,860 million as at 31 December 2021). All such transactions were made on substantially the same 
terms, including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans prevailing at the same time for comparable 
transactions with unrelated parties and did not involve more than a normal amount of risk. 
Corporate Governance 
The Bank has in place corporate governance rules based on industry best practices, the UAE Commercial 
Companies Law No. 32 of 2021, UAE Central Bank regulations and the UAE Securities and Commodities 
Authority code on corporate governance. 
The Bank takes its corporate governance obligations seriously and to that end the Board of Directors has 
appointed the following committees as an important element in the overall corporate governance framework 
of the Bank: 
 
The Board Audit Committee, consisting of three non-executive directors; 
 
The Board Risk Committee, consisting of three non-executive directors; 
 
The Board Credit Committee, consisting of three non-executive directors; and 
 
The Board Nomination and Compensation Committee, consisting of three non-executive directors. 
The Board has appointed several committees consisting of the CEO and senior management: 
 
The Executive Management Committee (ExCo); 
 
The Asset-Liability Committee (ALCO); 
 
The Group Capital Allocation Committee (GCAC); 
 
The Investment Committee (IC); 
 
The Regulatory Compliance Committee (RCC); 
 
The Human Resource Committee (HRC); 
 
The Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC); and 
 
The Information Security Committee (ISC). 
Additionally, the Bank has well-established policies and procedures documented in various manuals and 
supported by detailed standard operating procedures. The Bank has a written code of conduct to be followed 
by all employees (including senior management) and adherence to it is monitored closely.

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SYSTEM AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATION 
Overview 
According to data published by the UAE Central Bank, as at 30 June 2022 there were a total of 60 
commercial banks licensed to operate in the UAE (23 locally incorporated banks and 37 foreign banks). As 
a result, the UAE could be, and has historically been, viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional 
standards and there has traditionally been little impetus for consolidation. However, the consummation of 
the merger of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank on 30 March 2017, which created First 
Abu Dhabi Bank (the "Merger"), one of the largest banks in the MENA region by assets, was a precursor 
for further consolidation amongst locally incorporated banks (see "Characteristics of the Banking System 
– Historic lack of consolidation" below). This has been observed in the merger between Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank PJSC and Union National Bank P.J.S.C. and the subsequent acquisition by the combined 
entity of Al Hilal Bank P.J.S.C., which completed in 2019 and the acquisition of Noor Bank P.J.S.C by 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C in 2020. 
The UAE's membership of the World Trade Organisation ("WTO") will likely require greater economic 
liberalisation, but it is unclear to what extent this will encourage foreign banks to further expand their 
presence in the market. In the long term, however, it is likely to lead to increased competition, which should 
spur consolidation, both within the UAE and across the region generally. 
Within the UAE, the financial sector was estimated to have contributed approximately 8.1 per cent. of real 
GDP in 2021 (source: FCSA National Account information for 2010-2021). 
As a banking regulator, the UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, has grown in stature over the years and 
is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank 
monitors banks through its Banking Supervision and Examination Department. It conducts reviews of banks 
periodically based on the risk profile of each bank. It also reviews all of the returns submitted by the banks 
to the UAE Central Bank. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank does not act as a "lender of last resort". Instead, this role tends to fall 
on the individual Emirs of each Emirate. However, the Marginal Lending Facility allows non-Islamic UAE 
banks to use certain tradeable assets and/or foreign exchange as collateral to access UAE Central Bank 
liquidity overnight in order to help their liquidity management (see "The United Arab Emirates Banking 
System and Prudential Regulation – Recent Trends in Banking – Liquidity" below). 
COVID-19 
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak (see "Risk Factors – Risks related to the Bank's business activities 
and industry – Impact of recent macroeconomic and financial market conditions"), effective from 15 March 
2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the TESS, which included a range of measures aimed at 
mitigating the economic effects of COVID-19 on the UAE economy. The measures introduced by the TESS 
expired on 30 June 2022. The TESS was accompanied by other stimulus measures, including the reduction 
of interest rates. 
Further measures to support the UAE economy in response to COVID-19 
 
decreasing the UAE Central Bank's minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings 
deposits from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.; 
 
postponing the planned implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements in a phased 
manner from 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2022; and 
 
allowing banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter 
will allow any increase in IFRS9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added 
back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased in over a 
five-year period until 31 December 2024.

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
Historic lack of consolidation 
The UAE may be, and has historically been, seen as being over-banked with 60 banks licensed to operate 
inside the UAE as at 30 November 2022 (23 locally incorporated banks and 27 foreign banks) (source: 
UAE Central Bank Statistical Bulletin June 2022), serving a population estimated to be in the region of 
approximately 9.44 million people as of mid-2022 (source: Statistical Yearbook 2022 edition, United 
Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Statistics Division). Traditionally, there has been little 
impetus for consolidation, with the federal structure of the UAE encouraging, to some extent, the 
fragmented nature of the banking sector, with the individual Emirates wishing to retain their own national 
banks. Rivalries between large local business families and a desire not to dilute shareholdings have also 
historically hampered the process of consolidation. As a result, during the period between the October 2007 
merger of Emirates Bank International P.J.S.C. and National Bank of Dubai P.J.S.C. which created 
Emirates NBD and 2017 there was very limited merger activity domestically in the sector. However, 
following the Merger and the acquisition of Noor Bank P.J.S.C by Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C in January 
2020, commentators have suggested that the UAE may see more consolidation of the banking sector in 
order to improve profitability and reduce inefficiencies. 
While the anticipated attempts at consolidation would further reduce the level of concentration in the 
domestic banking sector, they would also likely lead to a significant alteration of the competitive 
environment with fewer, larger locally incorporated banks competing for the larger financing transactions 
in the region with the foreign banks, which have tended to have comparatively larger franchises, with 
greater infrastructure and resources with which to absorb capital costs, such as IT system development. 
Going forward, the advent of WTO liberalisation should allow greater competition from foreign banks, 
both from new entrants to the market and from existing players expanding their operations, which may 
eventually result in more mergers, with the possibility of creating banks with pan-Gulf franchises. 
Domestic focus 
The UAE-incorporated banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market, but a number have small 
operations overseas and are showing growing interest in cross-border business, a trend which is likely to 
continue in the event of further merger activity in the sector. 
With a large number of banks competing for a limited number of wholesale lending opportunities, most 
banks historically turned to retail banking, a previously untapped market. However, increasing competition 
in this area has gradually eroded margins and encouraged a relaxation of lending criteria. As the market has 
been tested only to a limited extent under adverse conditions, it is difficult to predict the future likelihood 
of asset quality problems. 
Expansion of retail operations has required heavy investment in distribution channels, particularly ATM 
networks, kiosks and telephone and internet banking services. As a consequence, IT costs have been a 
prominent feature of many UAE banks' expenses in addition to employee costs. 
Limited foreign ownership 
In 1987, the UAE federal government placed a freeze on new foreign banks opening operations in the UAE. 
At the same time, existing foreign banks were limited to a maximum of eight branches, which restricted 
their ability to develop any retail potential. However, three banks of GCC state origin, the National Bank 
of Kuwait, SAMBA and Doha Bank, were awarded licences by the UAE Central Bank following an 
agreement to permit market access to banks of GCC state origin in line with continuing efforts in regional 
integration. 
During 2002, the Government of Dubai issued a decree establishing the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC"). The DIFC, located in the Emirate of Dubai, is a free trade zone and financial services 
centre focusing on private banking, asset management, investment banking, re-insurance activities, Islamic 
finance, securities trading and back office operations. The DIFC has its own civil and commercial laws and 
has been granted authority to self-legislate in civil and commercial cases. The opening of the DIFC has 
enabled international banks to establish a presence and compete in the wholesale banking market, and this 
has seen new entities entering the market place.

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
In 2013, the Government sought to replicate the success of the DIFC by announcing its intention to establish 
the Abu Dhabi Global Market (the "ADGM") in Abu Dhabi, as an international financial free zone with its 
own legal framework (closely based on English common law). The ADGM became operational in mid-
2015 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it remains unclear to what extent this will impact the 
competitive and regulatory landscape in the domestic banking sector. 
Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 (which entered into force with effect from 23 September 2018) (the "2018 
Federal Law") amended the minimum permissible shareholding by UAE nationals in UAE banks to 60 per 
cent. As at 31 December 2021, 97 per cent. of the Bank's shares are owned by UAE nationals. 
Exposure to the oil sector 
With much of the economy directly or indirectly dependent on the oil sector, UAE banks are potentially 
vulnerable to business erosion during long periods of low oil prices (see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors 
relating to the United Arab Emirates – The UAE's economy is highly dependent upon its oil revenue"). In 
particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity and government infrastructure investment. 
Gradually, however, private non-oil sectors are gaining ground and the UAE economy is becoming less 
susceptible to oil price movements. The mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural 
gas, accounted for approximately 27.7 per cent. of the UAE's constant GDP in 2021, down from 79 per 
cent. of GDP in 1980 (source: Federal Government of the UAE). 
Islamic banking 
Shari'a (Islamic) law forbids the charging of interest on any financial transaction. A number of banks have 
developed in the Islamic world to serve customers who wish to observe this principle. These institutions 
offer a range of products which, whilst broadly corresponding with conventional banking transactions, are 
structured in a way which avoids the application of interest. The UAE is home to numerous institutions 
offering Islamic banking and financial products. Such institutions include: Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, Abu 
Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC, Ajman Bank, Sharjah Islamic Bank PJSC, Dubai 
Islamic Insurance & Reinsurance Company (AMAN), Islamic Arab Insurance Co. (PSC) (Salama), Al Hilal 
Bank PJSC, Tamweel and Amlak Finance. In addition, conventional financial institutions often offer 
Shari'a-compliant products. In addition, the majority of local and international conventional financial 
institutions that operate in the UAE also offer Shari'a-compliant products through their Islamic windows. 
The number of Islamic banks continues to increase, with both new entrants to the market and existing 
conventional banks recasting themselves as Islamic banks. 
Legal environment 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE: (i) federal laws and decrees; (ii) local laws; and (iii) 
Shari'a (Islamic) law. In addition, Emiri decrees can be issued by the Rulers of each of the Emirates which, 
when issued, have full legal effect and operation in such Emirate. The secondary form of law is trade custom 
or practice. In the absence of federal legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler 
of a given Emirate or local government will apply his or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
Supervision of banks 
The main piece of legislation applicable to the banking system is the 2018 Federal Law which repeals 
Federal Law No. 10 of 1980 concerning the status of the UAE Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank's 
primary roles are to formulate and implement banking, credit, monetary and fiscal policy and to be 
responsible for ensuring price and currency stability with free convertibility to foreign currencies. It is also 
the "bank for banks" within the UAE, although it is not the "lender of last resort". In the event of a bank 
experiencing financial difficulties or a solvency crisis, rescue funds – such as long-term liquidity or equity 
support – have historically come from the Emirate in which the institution is based. However, in the event 
of a run on the currency or a major banking crisis, it is likely that the UAE federal government would 
ultimately stand as de facto defender of the currency and the "lender of last resort". 
The 2018 Federal Law grants the UAE Central Bank powers to, among other things: 
 
draw up and implement monetary policy; 
 
exercise currency issuance;

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
organise licensed financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on, and determine 
the standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance with the 
provisions of the 2018 Federal Law and international standards; 
 
set up appropriate regulations and standards for protection of customers of licensed financial 
institutions; 
 
monitor the credit condition in the UAE, in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced 
growth in the national economy; 
 
manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the 
monetary base as per the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law; and 
 
regulate, develop, oversee and maintain soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the 
UAE, including electronic payment systems, digital currency and stored value facilities. 
Historically, income from overseas investments has been used to fund fiscal deficits, obviating the need for 
the UAE Central Bank to issue UAE federal government debt. However, the UAE Central Bank does issue 
Monetary Bills ("M-Bills") to UAE banks via auction, denominated in UAE dirhams, in order to absorb 
excess liquidity rather than to meet a specific funding need. The M-Bills programme was launched in 
January 2021 to replace UAE Central Bank Certificates of Deposit. The secondary market in M-Bills is 
currently developing but they can be used as collateral for UAE dirham funding from the UAE Central 
Bank at any time. The UAE dirham is linked to the International Monetary Fund's Special Drawing Right. 
However, the U.S. dollar is the intervention currency and, in practice, the UAE dirham is pegged to the 
U.S. dollar. This pegged exchange rate has been in place since the 1980s and has proved to be resilient both 
to political tensions in the region and to fluctuations in oil prices. However, see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors 
relating to the United Arab Emirates – Foreign exchange movements or any alteration to, or abolition of, 
the foreign exchange "peg" of the UAE dirham to the U.S. dollar may adversely affect the Bank's 
profitability". 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating financial institutions in relation to AML controls 
and enforcing Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 regarding the procedures for Anti-Money Laundering and 
Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illicit Organisations. Pursuant to this, the UAE has established 
the National Committee to Counter Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and 
Financing of Illegal Organisations which is responsible for coordinating policy and systems on anti-money 
laundering and the combating of terrorism financing and assessing the effectiveness of such policies and 
systems and the representation of the UAE in international forums on these matters. Federal Law No. 20 of 
2018 also recommends the establishment of an independent "Financial Information Unit" within the UAE 
Central Bank to receive and investigate reports submitted by financial institutions and corporate entities 
regarding suspected illicit financial activity. 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment 
companies and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all 
banking and financial services activities in the DIFC, while the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority regulates activity in the financial services sector in the ADGM. The UAE Central Bank has also 
been growing in stature as a banking supervisor. However, it is hampered in its role by the level of legal 
autonomy afforded to the individual Emirates, which at times makes it difficult to enforce directives 
uniformly across the banking sector. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities, including the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the Dubai Financial Market 
and the ADX. The SCA is a federal government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative 
independence. The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai which commenced 
operations in September 2005 and, as an entity based in the DIFC, is separately regulated. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The Dubai Financial Market, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai Limited, was 
established by the Government of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
listing and trading of shares, bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other 
local or foreign financial institutions that conform to its listing requirements. 
The Dubai Financial Market was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 
2014 which has led to an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in 
Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, Dubai Financial Market announced that it had made 
an offer to Borse Dubai Limited and the Nasdaq OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was 
valued at U.S.$121 million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million Dubai Financial Market 
shares. The merger was approved by Borse Dubai Limited and the Nasdaq OMX Group and was completed 
on 11 July 2010. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges in New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuer's access to regional and 
international investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a 
unique mix of regional and international brokers. 
Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange 
The ADX was established in November 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for trading 
securities, including shares issued by public joint stock companies, bonds or sukuks issued by governments 
or corporations, exchange traded funds, and any other financial instruments approved by the SCA. 
ADX is classified as an 'Emerging Market' by each of MSCI index (Morgan Stanley Capital International), 
S&P Dow Jones, FTSE, S&P and Russell Investments. ADX has the authority to establish centres and 
branches outside the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. To date it has done so in the emirates of Fujairah, Ras al 
Khaimah and Sharjah. 
Government involvement 
There is a high degree of state involvement in the UAE banking sector. Most of the larger banks have some 
degree of government ownership. Privatisation, though advocated in principle, has been slow to manifest 
in practice. The state and its related entities are together the banking sector's largest customers, in terms of 
both deposits and project financing. 
Expatriate workforce 
An unusual feature of the UAE economy is its reliance on overseas labour, with expatriates making up 
approximately 83.3 per cent. of the workforce (source: FCSA Labour Force Survey 2019). The banking 
sector is no exception to this and expatriates are employed in the senior management of most of the major 
banks. This has brought expertise from more developed markets to the sector. However, the high level of 
expatriates in the UAE has been an increasing concern for the UAE federal government and, as part of a 
policy of "Emiratisation", banks were instructed, in 1999, to increase the percentage of UAE nationals on 
their payroll by at least 4 per cent. per annum. This policy has now been replaced by the UAE Cabinet 
Decree number 3/10/267 of 2015 dated 25 October 2015 (the "Emiratisation Circular"), which has 
introduced a scoring system which takes into account the employment and progression of Emirati 
employees in the organisation. The minimum threshold for Emirati employees for each institution is 
dependent on a number of factors. The Emiratisation Circular does not set any upper limit at which the 
policy would no longer be applicable. If UAE banks are not able to achieve their targets for recruiting and 
progressing UAE nationals through their organisation, they will be subject to penalties to be computed in 
accordance with a specific formula set out in the Emiratisation Circular. 
Accounting standards 
Since 1 January 1999, all UAE banks have been required to prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS (formerly International Accounting Standards (IAS)). Although this has led to a substantial 
improvement in disclosure standards, there remains some variability in the quality and depth of disclosure 
across the banking sector.

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Structure of the banking system 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories. Domestic banks, also known as "national" 
banks, of which there were 23 as at 30 November 2022 (source: UAE Central Bank Statistical Bulletin 
November 2022), are required to be public shareholding companies with a minimum share capital of AED 
40 million and must be majority owned by UAE nationals. Licensed foreign banks, of which there were 37 
as at 30 November 2022 (source: UAE Central Bank Statistical Bulletin November 2022), need to 
demonstrate that at least AED 40 million has been allocated as capital funds for their operations in the UAE. 
"Financial institutions" (institutions whose principal functions are to extend credit, carry out financial 
transactions, invest in moveable property and other activities, but which are not permitted to accept funds 
by way of deposits) and financial and monetary intermediaries (money and stockbrokers) may also be 
licensed to operate within the UAE. 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Profitability 
The performance of the UAE economy is influenced by oil prices, which directly affect fiscal revenues and 
hence determine the level of investment in government projects in the country. The high oil prices and 
strong economic conditions experienced in the UAE between 2004 and 2008 allowed UAE banks to expand 
significantly. 
However, much of this growth focused on the real estate sector and equity financing which, in the context 
of the 2008 global financial crisis, represented a significant risk to the UAE banking system. Equity prices 
declined generally in the UAE from 2008 to 2011 in response to the global 2008 financial crisis but 
rebounded between 2012 and 2019, with the ADX's General Index increasing from 2,630.9 at 31 December 
2012 to 8,488.4 at 31 December 2021 (source: Bloomberg), and the Dubai Financial Market index 
increasing from 1,662.5 at 31 December 2012 to 3,195.9 at 31 December 2021 (source: Dubai Financial 
Market Integrated Report 2021; and Dubai Financial Market Yearly Bulletins). 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that 
banks have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as 
contingency funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan-to-deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time-based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies. According to data made available by the UAE Central Bank, 
together, demand and time deposits constituted approximately 85.7 per cent. of total resident and non-
resident deposits (excluding government deposits, commercial prepayments and borrowings under 
repurchase agreements) while resident and non-resident government deposits (including GRE deposits) and 
non-banking financial institutions constituted approximately 30.7 per cent. and 4.1 per cent., respectively, 
of total deposits of the UAE banking sector (excluding interbank deposits and bank drafts but including 
commercial prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 30 September 2022. As at 30 
September 2022, non-resident sources constituted approximately 10.8 per cent. of total deposits within the 
UAE banking sector (excluding interbank deposits and bank drafts but including commercial prepayments 
and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at the same date (source: Central Bank Statistical Bulletin 
October 2022). 
In response to the global 2008 financial crisis, the UAE Central Bank announced a number of measures 
aimed at ensuring that adequate liquidity is available to banks operating in the UAE. In September 2008, 
the UAE Central Bank established an AED 50 billion liquidity facility which banks could draw upon subject 
to posting eligible debt securities as collateral. The liquidity facility was available only for the purpose of 
funding existing commitments. New lending was required to be based on growth in the customer deposit 
base. The Central Bank also established a certificates of deposit repo facility under which banks can use 
certificates of deposits as collateral for dirham or U.S. dollar funding from the UAE Central Bank.

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
In addition to these measures, the UAE federal government also provided AED 50 billion in deposits to 
UAE banks (as part of a larger AED 70 billion package) which, at the option of the banks, can be converted 
into Tier 2 capital in order to enhance capital adequacy ratios. A number of banks in the UAE exercised 
this option and converted the UAE federal government deposits made with them into Tier 2 capital. 
In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued the UAE Central Bank Notice No. 
33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which 
entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015) (the "Liquidity Notice") and which includes a set of 
qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks. The qualitative requirements set out in 
the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank's board of directors and senior 
management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework. The new regulations are intended to ensure 
that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and are in line with the Basel 
Committee's recommendations and international best practices. These requirements include the following: 
Responsibilities of the board of directors: 
 
to bear ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management within the relevant UAE bank; 
 
to be familiar with liquidity risk management with at least one board member having a detailed 
understanding of liquidity risk management; and 
 
to enable the clear articulation of liquidity risk tolerance in line with the relevant UAE bank's 
objectives, strategy and risk appetite. 
Responsibilities of senior management: 
 
to develop strategies, policies and practices to manage liquidity risk in accordance with the 
liquidity risk tolerance set by the board of directors; 
 
to review the UAE bank's strategy and to report to the board of directors on regulatory compliance 
on a regular basis; and 
 
to manage liquidity risk in a prudent manner using all available liquidity risk management tools. 
Liquidity risk framework: 
The Liquidity Notice requires each UAE bank to have a robust liquidity risk framework which comprises 
the following elements: 
 
sound processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk in a timely 
and accurate manner; 
 
a robust liquidity risk management framework (which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank 
upon request) with limits, warning indicators, communication and escalation procedures; 
 
regular internal stress-testing of the portfolio for a variety of scenarios (both institution-specific 
and market-wide), with the results being communicated to the board of directors and the UAE 
Central Bank on request; 
 
incorporation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks into product pricing and approval processes; 
 
establishment of a forward-looking funding strategy with effective diversification of funding 
sources and tenors; 
 
setting of formal contingency funding plans which clearly set out strategies for addressing liquidity 
shortfalls in emergency situations (and which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon 
request); 
 
establishment of an adequate cushion of unencumbered, highly liquid assets as insurance against a 
range of liquidity stress scenarios; and

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
a transfer pricing framework (which is commensurate with the Bank's liquidity risk tolerance and 
complexity) developed to reflect the actual cost of funding. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market-wide) as per the below. 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Basel III ratios................................................................
LCR (LCR > = 100%)
1 January 2019 onwards
NSFR (NSFR > = 100%)
1 January 2018 onwards
 
The LCR represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank-specific and 
market-wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main liquidity risk 
drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress scenario. The LCR requires that UAE 
banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with HQLAs at the minimum LCR determined 
by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord requires that this minimum is 100 per cent. The Liquidity 
Notice describes in detail eligible HQLAs for this purpose. See "Risk Factors – Risks related to the Bank's 
business activities and industry – Liquidity Risk" and "Description of the Bank – Liquidity Risk 
Management" for more information. 
NSFR is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding to fund the assets on 
their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant UAE 
banks' contingent liabilities. The NSFR in the UAE mirrors the Basel III standards. The NSFR identifies 
the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks. It assigns available 
stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding ("RSF") (usage) factors 
to asset classes and off-balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms 
of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned RSF factor will depend on the 
liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors will follow the Basel III 
standards. The NSFR minimum is 100 per cent. 
Standing Credit and Liquidity Insurance Facilities 
On 15 April 2014, the UAE Central Bank introduced an Interim Marginal Lending Facility which allowed 
non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight 
in order to help their liquidity management during times of market stress. On 1 March 2022 this was 
replaced with the Marginal Lending Facility and Contingent Liquidity Insurance Facility (together referred 
to as the "Standing Credit and Liquidity Insurance Facilities"). The Marginal Lending Facility performs 
the same function as the former Interim Marginal Lending Facility, whereas the Contingent Liquidity 
Insurance Facility allows access to UAE Central Bank term liquidity at the discretion of the UAE Central 
Bank. 
The UAE Central Bank accepts a range of tradeable securities and foreign exchange as eligible collateral 
for the purposes of accessing the Standing Credit & Liquidity Insurance Facilities, including securities 
issued by sovereigns (originating in the UAE and outside the UAE) and securities issued by corporates, 
financial institutions or supranational, municipal, or public sector issuers. In order to be eligible, collateral 
must meet minimum credit rating requirements specified in the terms and conditions of the Standing Credit 
& Liquidity Insurance Facilities. Banks accessing the Standing Credit & Liquidity Insurance Facilities must 
borrow a minimum of AED 10 million. 
Position of depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s, a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the UAE federal government announced that it 
intended to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE. 
Following therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE's National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing 
federal deposits. However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Prudential regulations 
The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for banking institutions in the UAE. Supervision is 
carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from the banks. The frequency

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the Bank, but inspections are carried out in all banks at least 
once every 18 months. Prudential returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually, 
depending on the nature of the information they contain. An improved risk management framework has 
been implemented, aimed at providing the UAE Central Bank with more up-to-date information on credit, 
market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Capital adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009 by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 
27/2009. Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all 
UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its 
capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio 
of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier 1 ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio 
to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010. 
Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated 
that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks 
operating in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all 
times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 30 June 2010, and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II 
and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised 
gains on investments and any shortfall in loan loss provisions were deducted from regulatory capital. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UAE Central Bank has adopted a policy of a gradual, phased 
introduction of the Basel III Reforms. As part of this gradual introduction of Basel III in the UAE, and 
pursuant to the February 2017 Regulations and the Accompanying Standards (as defined below), the Bank 
is required by the UAE Central Bank to maintain a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 13 per cent., 
effective from 1 January 2019. 
The calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines. Under the 2018 Federal Law, the UAE Central Bank may determine reserve requirements for 
UAE banks. All dividends paid by UAE banks have to be authorised in advance by the UAE Central Bank. 
The Basel Committee has put forward a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework 
for internationally active banks. On 16 December 2010 and on 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee 
issued the Basel III Reforms, constituting guidance on the eligibility criteria for Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital 
standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions. The implementation of the 
Basel III reforms began on 1 January 2013. However, the requirements are subject to a series of transitional 
arrangements and will be phased in over a period of time. The Basel Committee's January 2011 Press 
Release included an additional Basel III requirement (the "Non-Viability Requirement") that requires 
contractual or legislative terms providing for, at the option of the relevant authority, the writing-off of the 
principal amount of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments or the conversion of such Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments into ordinary shares upon the occurrence of the earlier of: (a) a decision that a write-off, without 
which the relevant bank would become non-viable, is necessary; and (b) the decision to make a public 
sector injection of capital, without which the relevant bank would become non-viable, in each case as 
determined by the relevant authority. 
The January 2011 Press Release states that instruments issued after 1 January 2013 must meet the Non-
Viability Requirement in order to be recognised as Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments for regulatory capital 
purposes. The recognition of instruments issued before 1 January 2013 which do not meet these 
requirements will be phased out from 1 January 2013. 
The February 2017 Regulations and the Accompanying Standards confirm that the Non-Viability 
Requirement is a pre-requisite for any capital instruments issued by UAE banks to achieve Regulatory 
Capital (as defined below) classification from the UAE Central Bank. The Non-Viability Requirement must 
be provided for contractually in the absence of a statutory loss absorption framework in the UAE as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
In May 2016, the UAE Central Bank published the Consultation Document entitled "Capital Adequacy 
Regulation", detailing the Basel III requirements expected to be followed by banks operating in the UAE 
once the applicable legislation has been implemented in the UAE. In particular, the Consultation Document 
outlines the general quantitative requirements expected to be followed by UAE banks with regards to 
Regulatory Capital. It also outlines, among other things, the Regulatory Capital ratios that UAE banks will 
be expected to follow and adhere to, the individual UAE bank minimum capital conservation standards and 
the required disclosure standards expected to be made available by UAE banks with respect to Regulatory 
Capital. 
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the February 2017 Regulations in the Official 
Gazette issue 612, which were effective from 1 February 2017. The February 2017 Regulations are intended 
to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the UAE is in line with the Basel III 
requirements, whilst implementing the measures contained in the Consultation Document. The February 
2017 Regulations are supported by the Accompanying Standards entitled "Standards for Capital Adequacy 
of Banks in the UAE" which were published by the UAE Central Bank on 12 November 2020. The 
Accompanying Standards elaborate on the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank with respect 
to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements. In addition, a bank may also be subject to additional 
capital add-on requirements following a supervisory review and evaluation process of the UAE Central 
Bank (see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the legal and regulatory environment – Changes to the 
Basel regulatory framework as implemented in the UAE may have an effect on the Subordinated Notes"). 
Reserve requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. As noted under "- COVID-19" above, as part of the Central Bank's stimulus package in 
response to COVID-19, the minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings deposits has been 
decreased from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.. 
Credit controls 
Banks are required by the UAE Central Bank to establish credit policies and procedures commensurate 
with their size and activities. They must also have a proper credit assessment and approval process and 
adequate controls in place to monitor credit concentrations to, among others, individual borrowers, 
economic sectors and foreign countries. 
The UAE Central Bank circular dated 23 February 2011 on retail banking and Notice No. 31/2013 dated 
28 October 2013 (which was published in the Official Gazette on 28 November 2013 and entered into force 
on 28 December 2013), as amended by Notice No. CBUAE/BSD/N/2020/1799 dated 8 April 2020 and 
Resolution No. 31/2/2020 Amending Circular No. 31/2013 (the "Mortgage Regulations") introduced 
regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual customers. These regulations, 
among other things, impose maximum loan/income and loan-to-value ratios for retail products. For 
example, the regulations require that the amount of any personal consumer loan shall not exceed 20 times 
the salary or total income of the borrower with the repayment period not exceeding 48 months. Additionally, 
the Mortgage Regulations specify that the amount of mortgage loans for non-UAE nationals should not 
exceed 80 per cent. of the property value for a first purchase of a home (with a value of less than or equal 
to AED 5 million), 70 per cent. of the property value for a first purchase of a home (with a value greater 
than AED 5 million) and 60 per cent. of the property value (irrespective of the value of the property) for 
second and subsequent homes. For UAE nationals, the corresponding limits are set at 85 per cent. in respect 
of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to AED 5 million, 75 per cent. for a first home 
with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of the property value for a second or subsequent 
purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
Large exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits. 
On 11 November 2013, the UAE Central Bank published Central Bank Notice No. 32/2013 on large 
exposures (the "Large Exposure Notice") amending certain of the large exposure limits. The Large

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Exposure Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the Bank's capital base for all lending to UAE 
local governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 per cent. limit to any single such 
non-commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject to approval by the UAE Central Bank. Set 
out below is a table showing a summary of the limits introduced by the Large Exposure Notice (defined as 
a percentage of the Bank's capital base calculated under Basel II): 
 
Cap as percentage of capital base 
 
Aggregate percentage 
Individual percentage 
UAE federal government...........................................................
Not applicable
Not applicable
UAE local governments and their non-commercial entities ......
100%
No cap for UAE local 
governments; 25% for each 
non-commercial entity
Commercial entities of UAE federal government and UAE 
local governments..................................................................
100%
25%
A single borrower or a group of related borrowers....................
Not applicable
25%
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or more of the Bank's 
capital and their related entities .............................................
50%
20%
Domestic interbank exposures (over one year)..........................
Not applicable
30%
Overseas interbank exposures ...................................................
Not applicable
30%
Bank's subsidiaries and affiliates...............................................
25%
10%
Board members .........................................................................
25%
5%
Bank's employees......................................................................
3%
Maximum 20 months' salary
Bank's external auditors, consultants and lawyers.....................
Not allowed
Not allowed
 
Provisions for loan losses 
For UAE banks, IFRS 9 was introduced for financial reporting periods commencing on 1 January 2018, 
replacing IAS 39 and introducing an expected credit loss ("ECL") model for the measurement of the 
impairment of financial assets, such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before 
a credit loss is recognised. The guiding principle of the ECL model is to reflect the general pattern of 
deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial instruments. IFRS 9 provision uses a 
three-stage approach in recognising increased credit risk at each stage of risk (i.e., Stage 1 for current 
facilities, Stage 2 for significant increase in credit risk and Stage 3 for impaired loans). 
On 27 March 2020, the IASB issued a guidance note, advising that both the assessment of a significant 
increase in credit risk and the measurement of ECLs are required to be based on reasonable and supportable 
information that is available to an entity without undue cost or effort. In assessing forecast conditions, 
consideration should be given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support 
measures being undertaken. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues 
of recovery have been exhausted. This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and advances to 
customers and/or financings carried on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating 
in other economies. 
As noted above in "The United Arab Emirates Banking System and Prudential Regulation – COVID-19" 
and as part of the UAE Central Bank's stimulus package in response to COVID-19, banks are able to apply 
a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter will allow any increase in IFRS 
9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will 
allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") is a federal government company specialised in providing UAE-based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the UAE Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE-based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data 
submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. The Bank has entered into a data and 
credit information supply agreement with AECB. 
The implementation of regulations for the sharing of credit report data and the commercial operation of the 
UAE's first credit bureau is expected to reduce the risk involved in the origination of customer lending and 
banking business generally.

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Shari'a compliance 
The UAE law requires financial institutions licensed by the UAE Central Bank to operate their Islamic 
banking business activities in compliance with the rules, standards and general principles established by 
the Higher Shari'a Authority and, in certain circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the 
consent of the Higher Shari'a Authority before undertaking certain licensed financial activities. 
Corporate governance 
Banks in the UAE are subject to the Corporate Governance Regulations and the Corporate Governance 
Standards which were issued by the UAE Central Bank in 2019 with a view to ensuring banks have a 
comprehensive approach to corporate governance.

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's state and of the Bank's state of incorporation might have an impact on 
the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is an overview of certain UAE and European tax considerations withholding tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in those jurisdictions or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This overview is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date. 
Dubai and the United Arab Emirates 
The following is a general overview of the current tax law and practice in Dubai and the UAE (to the extent 
applicable in Dubai) ("Dubai Law") and does not constitute legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in 
the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences under the tax 
laws of the country in which they are resident, of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes or 
any interest therein. 
There are currently no withholding taxes required to be levied under UAE, Abu Dhabi or Dubai law in 
respect of payments on debt securities (including in relation to the Notes). However, further to the issuance 
of the Corporate Tax Law, corporate tax will apply to taxable persons for financial years beginning on or 
after 1 June 2023. The UAE Ministry of Finance has announced that no withholding will apply in relation 
to this tax. See further "Risk Factors - Tax changes in the UAE may have an adverse effect on the Bank". 
In the event of the imposition of any withholding in future, the Bank has undertaken to gross-up any 
payments subject to certain limitations, as described in Condition 11 (Taxation). 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to revise 
taxes on a federal basis for the purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain countries, but these are not extensive 
in number. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (the "FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal"), 
for a directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since ceased 
to participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in any Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Prospective holders of any Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Bank is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the jurisdiction of the Bank) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply to Notes characterised as debt (or which are 
not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register as such Notes generally would be grandfathered 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes — Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or 
may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers on how these rules may apply to the Bank and to payments they may receive in connection 
with the Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Merrill Lynch International, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Mashreqbank psc, 
Mizuho International plc, Nomura International plc, Société Générale and UBS AG London Branch (the 
"Dealers") have, pursuant to an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 1 March 2022 (the 
"Dealership Agreement"), agreed with the Bank a basis upon which the Bank may agree to sell and they 
or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Dealership 
Agreement, the Bank has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealership Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Bank nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
The Bank and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, and the Bank and the Dealers do 
not assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
With regard to each Tranche of Exempt Notes or Notes which are the subject of a Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any 
Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of the Series of which such Notes are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S."

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not 
engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Notes, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms the relevant Dealer will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor United States Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer 
or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, and (ii) it has not delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their 
original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with 
the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5I(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor 
United States Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, substantially identical 
successor regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from it for the purpose of offering or selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, it repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on such affiliate's behalf; and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5I(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010)) that purchases any Notes from it pursuant to a written contract 
with such Dealer (other than a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), for the 
benefit of the Bank and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such distributor's 
agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above of this 
paragraph (e) insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Dealer will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Notes it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office 
of such Dealer in the offer and sale of the Notes.

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Bank; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will 
offer or sell any of the Notes in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) as part of the initial distribution 
of the Notes. The Notes and any material of information contained or incorporated by reference herein 
relating to the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with 
the China Securities Regulatory Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory 
authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and regulations and thus may not be supplied to the public 
in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. Any 
material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to Notes will not be 
constituted an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for informing themselves about and 
observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government regulatory 
approvals/licenses, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which 
may be required from the PRC, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, CSRC, the China Banking 
and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all 
relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or 
overseas investment regulations. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale 
or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined, 
or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; (3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or (5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and 
Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board 
of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by 
the Capital Market Authority resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the "KSA Regulations"), 
made through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the Capital Market 
Authority and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority under Article 10 of the KSA 
Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a 
limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer 
of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) 
or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Registered Office 
The Bank's registered office is located at Mashreqbank Global Headquarters, Al Umniyati Street, 
Burj Khalifa Community, P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, telephone number +971 
4 222 333. The Bank's Commercial License Number is 208990 and its Commercial Registration 
Number is 40903. 
2. 
Bank Website 
The Bank's website is www.mashreqbank.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
3. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) code of the Bank is: 5493000SA3K24EQKA103. 
4. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the general terms of the issue of Notes thereunder were 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank dated 28 January 2004 and 
by a resolution of the shareholders of the Bank adopted at an extraordinary general meeting of the 
shareholders held on 27 January 2004. The increase in the maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes that may be outstanding under the Programme from U.S.$750 million to U.S.$2 billion 
and the issue and sale of Notes pursuant thereto was authorised by a resolution of the shareholders 
of the Bank adopted at an ordinary general meeting of the shareholders held on 8 March 2006 and 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank dated 3 April 2006. The increase in the 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes that may be outstanding under the Programme 
from U.S.$2 billion to U.S.$5 billion was authorised by a resolution of the shareholders of the Bank 
adopted at an ordinary general meeting of the shareholders held on 7 March 2010. Each issue of 
Notes under the Programme is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank and 
must be authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
The Bank has given all notices and obtained all necessary consents, approvals, registrations, 
authorisations or other orders of regulatory authorities required under the laws and regulations of 
the UAE in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. Any additional 
notices, consents, approvals, registrations, authorisations or other orders of regulatory authorities 
required in the UAE in connection with the issuance and sale of Notes in a Series which are 
required to be obtained prior to the Issue Date of such Notes will be obtained prior to such Issue 
Date. 
5. 
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II and to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. 
6. 
Validity of this Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank shall have no obligation to update or supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
7. 
Documents Available 
So long as any Notes are outstanding under the Programme, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available from the registered office of the Bank and from the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg: 
(i) 
Memorandum and Articles of Association (with a direct and accurate English translation 
thereof) of the Bank; 
(ii) 
the Financial Statements; 
(iii) 
the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to the 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) (save that a Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a Holder 
of such Note and such Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the 
Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus. 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Bank 
at 
https://www.mashreqbank.com/en/uae/about-us/ and will remain available for a period of 10 years 
following the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Base Prospectus and each Final Terms (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Pricing Supplement) will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.LuxSE.com. The Deed of Covenant and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Bank will be available for viewing at https://www.mashreqbank.com/uae/en/about-us/moa-aoa. 
Copies of the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be available upon 
request from the registered office of the Bank. 
8. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as 
shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
9. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. In the 
case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, 
the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes will be calculated on an annual or semi-annual basis using the 
relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. It is not an indication of future yield.

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
10. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Bank 
and its subsidiaries since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Bank since 31 December 2022. 
11. 
Litigation 
Save as described in "Description of the Bank – Regulatory – 2021 Consent Order", neither the 
Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is 
aware) which may have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
12. 
Conflicts of Interest 
In accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, the Bank confirms 
that there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties which its directors and/or 
members of its administrative, management and supervisory bodies owe to the Bank and their 
private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
13. 
Dealers Transacting with the Bank 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the 
Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees. In 
particular, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank and its affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank and its affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Bank and its affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
Independent Auditors 
The current auditors of the Bank are PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch) ("PwC"). PwC is a 
registered audit firm in the UAE, operating under professional licences issued by the Dubai 
Economic Department and the UAE Ministry of Economy. PwC was appointed as the Bank's 
auditor on 1 January 2018. There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and, 
accordingly, PwC is not a member of a professional body in the UAE. All PwC professionals and 
partners directly involved in the audit are members of the institutes from where they received their 
professional qualifications. The address of PwC is Emaar Square, Building 5, P.O. Box 11987, 
Dubai, UAE. PwC has audited, without qualification, the Financial Statements in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing, as stated in their Independent Auditor's Report included 
herein. 
15. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which 
is, or may be, material to the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
16. 
Passporting 
The Bank may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more 
certificates of approval to be issued by the CSSF to the competent authority in any Member State 
of the EEA.

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
ANNEX A: FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Bank has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated []

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
MASHREQBANK PSC 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493000SA3K24EQKA103 
Issue of [] [] 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 March 2023 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein and has been prepared for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus and these Final Terms have been published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.LuxSE.com. The Base Prospectus is also available at the website of 
the Bank at https://www.mashreqbank.com/en/uae/about-us/. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies/[Not applicable]] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
11. 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 
6(d) 
(Calculation of interest 
amount)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[with the Calculation Period being [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) above]/[not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(vii) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 10(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(iii) below]

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[€STR]/[EURIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]1 
 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable]2 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[]/[Not Applicable]3 
 
Insert only if any of SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR is the 
Reference Rate and Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily] 
 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag]/[Observation Shift]/[Lock-out] 
 
1 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent. 
2 
Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR, SONIA or €STR. 
3 
Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR, SONIA or €STR.

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[•]] Business Days]4 
 
 
D: 
[365/360/[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Relevant 
Decimal Place: 
[] 
 
Insert only if any of SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR is the 
Reference Rate and Index 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Compounded 
Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
 
Relevant 
Decimal Place 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Number 
[] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in [•] above and as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/ [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
4 
To be at least 5 Business Days where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
(Condition 7(e) (ISDA 
Determination)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
(Condition 7(e) (ISDA 
Determination)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 
7(g) 
(Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 9(h) (Early 
redemption 
of 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of 
calculating the same: 
[Not Applicable/Final Redemption Amount/[] per 
Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 30 days' notice]

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
20. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
21. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No] 
22. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconverting provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 20 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconverting) apply] 
23. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Currency for Condition 
6(e) (RMB Currency Event): 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages 
for Condition 6(e) (RMB Currency 
Event): 
(i) Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable 
Basis): []/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non-deliverable 
Basis): []/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Spot Rate for Condition 6(e) 
(RMB Currency Event): 
[[] (the "Calculation Agent")]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of MASHREQBANK PSC 
By:
...................................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[]/[Application has been made by Mashreqbank psc or 
on its behalf for the Notes to be admitted to listing on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [the Issue Date]/[]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"): []/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. ("Moody's"): 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"): []/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(To include an explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
in relation to any rated Tranche) 
 
 
[[Each of] [Moody's and S&P] is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, [each 
of] [Moody's and S&P] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on 
the on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. 
[Moody's, and S&P] are not established in the UK or 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating that 
[each of] [Moody's and S&P] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited[, respectively], [each of] 
which is established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] [Fitch is established in the UK, is 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's 
Financial Services Register. Fitch is not established in 
the EEA or registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
The rating that Fitch has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.][[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under

--- Page 146 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as Mashreqbank psc is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for Mashreqbank psc and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they 
may receive fees. 
4.
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[] per cent. per annum on a [quarterly/[semi-] annual 
basis]/[Not Applicable]  
5.
TEFRA RULES 
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011]/[As far as the Bank is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As far as the 
Bank is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
7.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[] has been extracted from []. Mashreqbank psc confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information

--- Page 147 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
8.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
9.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [See["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 148 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
ANNEX B: FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Bank has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 149 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement for use in connection with each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued by Mashreqbank under the Programme. 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
NO BASE PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED TO BE PRODUCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE "EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION") FOR THIS ISSUE 
OF NOTES. THE LUXEMBOURG COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR 
FINANCIER HAS 
NEITHER 
APPROVED 
NOR 
REVIEWED 
THE 
INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
MASHREQBANK PSC 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493000SA3K24EQKA103 
Issue of [] [] 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 March 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated []] (the "Base Prospectus"). This Pricing Supplement contains the Final Terms of the Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Bank and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the Bank's head office at Mashreqbank Building, Omer Bin 
Al Khattab Street, Deira, P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, UAE and copies may be obtained from the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, London, 
E14 5AL, England. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount of this Series of 
Notes shall not exceed the product of the Specified 
Denominations and forty-nine (49) with the issue of 
any additional tranche(s) of notes that become 
fungible to this Series of Notes.] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]

--- Page 150 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from 
(and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies/[Not applicable]] 
 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
11. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis]

--- Page 151 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[with the Calculation Period being [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) above]/[not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(vii) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 10(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in sub-
paragraph (iii) below] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Agent): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[€STR]/[EURIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]5 
 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable]6 
 
5 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent. 
6 
Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR, SONIA or €STR.

--- Page 152 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[]/[Not Applicable]7 
 
Insert only if any of SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR is the 
Reference Rate and Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily] 
 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag]/[Observation Shift]/[Lock-out] 
 
 
Observation Look-
back Period: 
[5/[•]] Business Days]8 
 
 
D: 
[365/360/[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place: 
[] 
 
Insert only if any of SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR is the 
Reference Rate and Index 
Determination is applicable: 
 
 
 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Number 
[] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [•] above and as specified in the 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
7 
Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR, SONIA or €STR. 
8 
To be at least 5 Business Days where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 153 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum

--- Page 154 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
(Condition 
7(e) 
(ISDA 
Determination)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
(Condition 
7(e) 
(ISDA 
Determination)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 7(g) (Maximum 
or 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 
9(h) 
(Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes)): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 155 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default 
and/or 
the 
method 
of 
calculating the same: 
[Not Applicable/Final Redemption Amount/[] per 
Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 30 days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
20. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
21. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
22. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and reconverting provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 20 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconverting) apply] 
23. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Currency for Condition 6(e) 
(RMB Currency Event): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages for 
Condition 
6(e) 
(RMB 
Currency 
Event): 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable 
Basis): []/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non-
deliverable Basis): []/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate for Condition 6(e) (RMB 
Currency Event): 
[[] (the "Calculation Agent")]/[Not Applicable] 
[SELLING RESTRICTIONS:] 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Japan pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements since the offering constitutes the small 
number private placement as provided for in "ha" of Article 2, Paragraph 3 and 4, Item 2 of the FIEA. 
The Note is not permitted to be divided into any unit less than the Specified Denomination.] 
 
Signed on behalf of MASHREQBANK PSC

--- Page 156 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
By:
...................................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 157 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch 
Ratings 
Limited 
("Fitch"): 
[]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Moody's 
Investors 
Service 
Cyprus 
Ltd. 
("Moody's"): []/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"): 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(To include an explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings in relation to any rated Tranche) 
 
 
[[Each of] [Moody's and S&P] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). As such, [each of] [Moody's and 
S&P] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. 
[Moody's, and S&P] are not established in the UK 
or registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). The rating that [each of] [Moody's 
and S&P] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited[, respectively], [each of] 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] [Fitch is established in 
the UK, is registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority's Financial Services 
Register. Fitch is not established in the EEA or 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The 
rating that Fitch has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited which is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation.][[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 158 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as Mashreqbank psc is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for Mashreqbank psc and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which 
they may receive fees. 
4. 
 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[] per cent. per annum on a [quarterly/[semi-] 
annual basis]/[Not Applicable]  
5. 
 
TEFRA RULES 
 
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
6. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[] has been extracted from []. Mashreqbank psc confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 159 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
[See["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here.  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 160 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
ANNEX C: INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Mashreqbank psc for the year ended 
31 December 2022................................................................................................................  
F-1 
Independent Auditor's Report ................................................................................................  
F-4 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .......................................................................  
F-12 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss ..............................................................................  
F-13 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..............................................................  
F-14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ......................................................................  
F-15 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .................................................................................  
F-16 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................................................  
F-18 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Mashreqbank psc for the year ended 
31 December 2021................................................................................................................  
F-181 
Independent Auditor's Report ................................................................................................  
F-184 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .......................................................................  
F-192 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss ..............................................................................  
F-193 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..............................................................  
F-194 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ......................................................................  
F-195 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .................................................................................  
F-196 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................................................  
F-198

--- Page 161 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Report and consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
These audited consolidated financial statements are subject to approval of the 
Central Bank of U.A.E. and adoption by shareholders at the annual general 
meeting.
F-1

--- Page 162 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Report and consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Contents 
Pages 
Board of Directors’ report 
1 
Independent auditor’s report 
2 - 9 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
10 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
11 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
12 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
13 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
14 - 15 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
16 – 178 
F-2

--- Page 163 ---
F-3
Board of Directors' report 
The Board of Directors has pleasure in submitting their report and the audited consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Incorporation and registered offices 
Mashreqbank PSC was incorporated in the Emirate of Dubai in 1967 under a decree issued by 
The Ruler of Dubai. The address of the registered office is P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates. 
Principal activities 
The principal activities of the Bank are retail banking, commercial banking, investment 
banking, Islamic banking, brokerage and asset management. These activities are carried out 
through its branches in the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Hong Kong, India, 
Qatar, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. 
Financial position and results 
The financial position and results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set 
out in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
Dividend 
The Board of Directors has proposed a cash dividend of 90% for the year ended 31 December 
2022 at the meeting held on 30 January 2023. 
Directors 
The following are the Directors of the Bank as at 31 December 2022 
Chairman: 
Vice Chairman: 
Directors: 
Auditors 
H.E. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Ali Rashed Ahmad Lootah 
Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi 
Rashed Saif Ahmed Al Ghurair 
John Gregory Iossifidis 
Iyad Mazher Saleh Malas 
Saeed Saif Ahmed Majid Al Ghurair 
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
By order of the Board of Directors 
H.E. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Chairman 
30 January 2023

--- Page 164 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch), License no. 102451 
Emaar Square, Building 5, P O Box 11987, Dubai - United Arab Emirates 
T: +971 (0)4 304 3100, F: +971 (0)4 346 9150, www.pwc.com/me 
 
Jacques Fakhoury, Douglas O’Mahony, Murad Alnsour and Rami Sarhan are registered as 
practicing auditors with the UAE Ministry of Economy 
2 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our opinion 
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Mashreqbank PSC (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries (together the 
“Group”) as at 31 December  2022, and  its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated 
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
What we have audited 
 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise: 
• 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022; 
• 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies 
and other explanatory information.  
 
Basis for opinion  
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.  
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
 
Independence 
 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the United Arab Emirates. 
We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the 
IESBA Code.   
F-4

--- Page 165 ---
3 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Our audit approach 
 
Overview 
 
Key Audit Matters 
● 
Measurement of Expected Credit Losses  
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where the 
Directors made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates 
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in 
all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of 
material misstatement due to fraud.  
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the 
Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
 
Key audit matters  
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
 
 
 
 
F-5

--- Page 166 ---
4 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Our audit approach (continued) 
 
Key audit matters (continued) 
 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit 
matter 
Measurement of Expected Credit Losses  
The Group applies Expected Credit Losses (ECL) 
on all of its financial assets measured at amortised 
cost, debt instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and financial 
guarantee contracts including financing 
commitments. 
 
The Group exercises significant judgements and 
makes a number of assumptions in developing its 
ECL models, which includes probability of default 
computation separately for retail and corporate 
portfolios, determining loss given default and 
exposure at default for both funded and unfunded 
exposures, forward looking adjustments and 
staging criteria.  
We performed the following audit procedures 
on the computation of the  ECL included in 
the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022: 
 
➢ We tested the completeness and 
accuracy of the data used in the 
calculation of ECL. 
 
➢ For a sample of exposures, we checked 
the appropriateness of the Group’s  
application of the staging criteria.  
 
➢ We involved our internal experts to 
assess the following areas: 
● 
Conceptual framework used for 
developing the Group’s impairment 
policy in the context of its compliance 
with the requirements of IFRS 9. 
● 
ECL modelling methodology and 
calculations used to compute the 
Probability of Default (PD), Loss 
Given Default (LGD), and exposure 
at default (EAD) for the Group’s 
classes of financial assets. The 
appropriateness of the model 
methodology was assessed, giving 
specific consideration to the macro-
economic environment. 
● 
Reasonableness of the assumptions 
made in developing the modelling 
framework including assumptions 
used for estimating forward looking 
scenarios and significant increase in 
credit risk. 
 
 
 
 
F-6

--- Page 167 ---
5 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Our audit approach (continued) 
 
Key audit matters (continued) 
 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit 
matter 
For defaulted exposures, the Group exercises 
judgements to estimate the expected future cash 
flows related to individual exposures, including the 
value of collateral. 
 
The Group’s impairment policy under IFRS 9 is 
presented in Note 3.14 to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
 
Measurement of ECL is considered as a key audit 
matter as the Group applies significant judgments 
and makes a number of assumptions which have 
significantly increased as a result of the macro-
economic environment, affecting the staging 
criteria applied to the financial assets as well as in 
developing ECL models and assumptions for 
calculating its impairment provisions. 
 
For a sample of exposures, we 
checked the appropriateness of 
determining EAD, including the 
consideration of repayments and 
collateral. 
 
 In addition, for the Stage 3 corporate 
portfolio, the appropriateness of 
provisioning assumptions were 
independently assessed for a sample of 
exposures selected on the basis of risk 
and the significance of individual 
exposures. An independent view was 
formed on the levels of provisions 
recognised, based on the detailed loan 
and counterparty information available in 
the credit file. For the Stage 3 retail 
portfolio, assumptions were independently 
assessed for each product category and 
an independent view was formed on the 
levels of provisions recognised.  
 
⮚ We assessed the consolidated financial 
statement disclosures to ensure 
compliance with IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 and 
the disclosures made relating to the 
impact of the macro-economic 
environment on ECL.  
 
 
 
 
F-7

--- Page 168 ---
6
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Other information 
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Board of 
Directors' report (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon) which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the Chairman’s Report, 
Corporate Governance Report and Financial Highlights, which are expected to be made available to 
us after that date. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date 
of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.  
When we read the Chairman’s Report, Corporate Governance Report and Financial Highlights, if we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to 
those charged with governance. 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the 
consolidated financial statements 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and their preparation in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Decree Law No. 32 of 2021, and for 
such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.  
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the 
Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process. 
F-8

--- Page 169 ---
7 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.  
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control. 
 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.  
 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.  
 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group 
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
 
 
F-9

--- Page 170 ---
8
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with 
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Further, as required by the UAE Federal Decree Law No. 32 of 2021, we report that: 
(i)
we have obtained all the information we considered necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(ii)
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared and comply, in all material 
respects, with the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Decree Law No. 32 of 2021;
(iii)
the Group has maintained proper books of account;
(iv)
the financial information included in the Directors' report is consistent with the books of 
account of the Group;
(v)
note 7 to the consolidated financial statements discloses the shares purchased by the 
Group during the year ended 31 December 2022;
(vi)
note 37 to the consolidated financial statements discloses material related party 
transactions, and the terms under which they were conducted;
F-10

--- Page 171 ---
9
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements (continued) 
(vii)
Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements discloses the social contributions made 
during the year ended 31 December 2022; and
(viii)
based on the information that has been made available to us, nothing has come to our 
attention which causes us to believe that the Group has contravened during the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 any of the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Decree 
Law No. 32 of 2021, or in respect of the Bank, its Articles of Association, which would 
materially affect its activities or its financial position as at 31 December 2022.
Further, as required by Article (114) of the Decretal Federal Law No. (14) of 2018, we report that we 
have obtained all the information and explanations we considered necessary for the purpose of our 
audit. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
30 January 2023 
Murad Alnsour 
Registered Auditor Number: 1301 
Place: Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
F-11

--- Page 172 ---
F-12
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
As at 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Notes 
AED'000 
USD'000 
AED'000 
USD'000 
Equivalent 
Equivalent 
ASSETS 
Cash and balances with central banks 
5 
31,435,930 
8,558,652 
17,507,751 
4,766,608 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
6 
28,846,448 
7,853,648 
28,805,095 
7,842,389 
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
7 
10,429,765 
2,839,577 
16,441,123 
4,476,211 
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
7 
16,422,947 
4,471,262 
10,277,824 
2,798,210 
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost 
8 
75,630,344 
20,590,891 
66,432,570 
18,086,733 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised cost 
9 
14,672,897 
3,994,799 
15,053,454 
4,098,408 
Acceptances 
9,310,974 
2,534,978 
14,340,671 
3,904,348 
Other assets 
10 
6,799,304 
1,851,158 
3,290,085 
895,749 
Reinsurance contract assets 
20 
3,128,009 
851,622 
2,699,966 
735,085 
Investment in associate 
43,633 
11,879 
34,809 
9,477 
Investment properties 
11 
464,840 
126,556 
462,829 
126,008 
Property and equipment 
12 
1,395,485 
379,930 
1,426,096 
388,265 
Intangible assets 
13 
230,667 
62,802 
281 ,336 
76,596 
Total assets 
198,811,243 
54,127,754 
177,053,609 
48,204,087 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
LIABILITIES 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
14 
28,399,456 
7,731,951 
19,566,486 
5,327,113 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
15 
1,926,182 
524,417 
2,729,147 
743,029 
Customers' deposits 
16 
98,827,322 
26,906,431 
87,150,902 
23,727,444 
Islamic customers' deposits 
17 
14,978,941 
4,078,122 
14,332,087 
3,902,011 
Acceptances 
9,310,974 
2,534,978 
14,340,671 
3,904,348 
Other liabilities 
18 
8,253,044 
2,246,949 
6,028,308 
1,641 ,249 
Medium-term loans 
19 
5,223,565 
1,422,152 
7,315,119 
1,991,593 
Subordinated debt 
47 
1,831,027 
498,510 
Insurance contract liabilities 
20 
5,642,093 
1,536,099 
4,566,602 
1,243,290 
Total liabilities 
174,392,604 
47,479,609 
156,029,322 
42,480,077 
EQUITY 
Capital and reserves 
Issued and paid up capital 
2l(a) 
2,006,098 
546,174 
2,006,098 
546,174 
Tier I capital notes 
46 
1,101,900 
300,000 
Statutory and legal reserves 
2 l(b) 
1,027,494 
279,742 
1,012,320 
275,611 
General reserve 
2l(c) 
312,000 
84,944 
312,000 
84,944 
Currency translation reserve 
2l(d) 
(130,804) 
(35,612) 
(116,116) 
(31 ,613) 
Investments revaluation reserve 
2l(e) 
(1,813,781) 
(493,815) 
(547,489) 
(149,058) 
Retained earnings 
21,038,417 
5,727,857 
17,561 ,412 
4,781,218 
Equity attributable to owners of the 
Parent including noteholders of the 
Group 
23,541,324 
6,409,290 
20,228,225 
5,507,276 
Non-controlling interests 
22 
877,315 
238,855 
796,062 
216,734 
Total equity 
24,418,639 
6,648,145 
21,024,287 
5,724,010 
Total liabilities and equity 
198,811,243 
54,127,754 
177,053,609 
48,204,087 
\ 
To the best of our knowledge, the consolidated financial statements present fairly in all ma 
ial condition, results 
0 
ati 
d cas 
s of the Group as of, and for, the periods presented therein. 
--
Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Chairman 
The accompanying notes fonn an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
10

--- Page 173 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group  
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  
 11 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
AED’000
USD’000
AED’000
USD’000
 
Notes
Equivalent
Equivalent
 
Interest income
24
6,414,941
 1,746,513  
4,251,824
1,157,589
Income from Islamic financing and 
investment products
 
25
671,640
182,859  
475,253
129,391
Total interest income and income from 
Islamic financing and investment products 
7,086,581
 1,929,372  
4,727,077
1,286,980 
Interest expense
26
(2,254,895)
 (613,911)  
(1,505,704)
(409,939)
Distribution to depositors – Islamic 
products 
27
(259,728)
 (70,713)  
(175,884)
(47,886)
Net interest income and income from 
Islamic products net of distribution to 
depositors 
4,571,958
 1,244,748  
3,045,489
829,155
Fee and commission income
28
4,044,130
1,101,043  
3,418,086
930,598 
Fee and commission expenses 
28
(2,302,954)
 (626,995)  
(1,841,287)
(501,303)
Net fee and commission income 
1,741,176
474,048  
1,576,799
429,295 
 
 
 
Net investment income 
29
91,894
 25,018  
176,807
48,137 
Other income, net
30
1,090,991
 297,030  
1,006,977
274,157 
Operating income 
7,496,019
 2,040,844  
5,806,072
1,580,744 
 
General and administrative expenses
32
(3,066,256)
 (834,810)  
(2,622,957)
(714,119)
Operating profit before impairment 
4,429,763
 1,206,034  
3,183,115
866,625 
Allowances for impairment, net
31
(497,478)
 (135,442)  
(2,058,626)
(560,475)
Profit before tax 
3,932,285
 1,070,592  
1,124,489
306,150 
Tax expense
45
(146,088)
 (39,773)
(48,778)
(13,280)
Profit for the year 
3,786,197
 1,030,819  
1,075,711
292,870 
 
 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the Parent
3,706,293
 1,009,064  
1,002,203
272,857 
Non-controlling interests
79,904
 21,755  
73,508
20,013 
3,786,197
 1,030,819  
1,075,711
292,870 
 
 
 
Earnings per share 
33
 AED 18.48
USD 5.03
AED 5.00
USD 1.36
 
F-13

--- Page 174 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  
 12 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2022 
 
2021 
AED’000 
USD’000
AED’000 
USD’000
 Equivalent
 
Equivalent
 
 
Profit for the year
3,786,197  
1,030,819
 
1,075,711  
292,870
 
  
  
  
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
  
  
  
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss: 
  
  
  
Changes in fair value of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(equity instruments)  [Note 7(k)] 
83,739  
 22,799   
58,631  
  
15,963
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to  
  profit or loss:
  
  
  
 
Changes in currency translation reserve 
8,745  
 2,381   
(23,150)
 (6,303)
Changes in fair value of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(debt instruments) [Note 7(k)] 
(1,352,755)  
 (368,297)  
(232,616) 
(63,332)
Gain on hedging instruments designated as hedges 
of net investment in foreign operations  
3,282  
 894   
(1,586) 
(432)
Cash flow hedges - fair value loss arising  
  during the year [Note 21(f)]
- 
-  
437  
 120 
Total other comprehensive loss for the year 
(1,256,989)  
 (342,223)  
(198,284) 
 (53,984)
Total comprehensive income for the year 
2,529,208  
 688,596   
877,427  
238,886 
 
  
  
  
Attributable to: 
  
  
  
Owners of the Parent 
2,411,809  
 656,633   
791,895   
215,599 
Non-controlling interests 
117,399  
 31,963   
85,532   
 23,287 
 
2,529,208  
 688,596   
877,427   
238,886
F-14

--- Page 175 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group  
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 13 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Issued and 
paid up 
capital
Tier 1 
capital
Statutory 
and legal 
reserves
General 
reserve
 Currency 
translation 
reserve
Investments 
revaluation 
reserve
Cash 
flow
hedge
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Equity 
attributable 
to owners of 
the Parent
including 
noteholders 
of the Group
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Balance at 1 January 2021 
1,775,308
-
912,099
312,000
(98,332)
(358,088)
(437)
16,888,178
19,430,728
757,680
20,188,408
Profit for the year ended 31 December 2021
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,002,203
1,002,203
73,508
1,075,711
Other comprehensive loss/(income) for the 
year
-
-
-
-
(17,784)
(192,962)
437
-
(210,309)
12,024
(198,285)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the 
year
-
-
-
-
(17,784)
(192,962)
437
1,002,203
791,894
85,532
877,426
Transfer from investments revaluation 
  reserve to retained earnings 
-
-
-
-
-
3,561
-
(3,561)
-
-
-
Transfer to statutory and legal reserves
-
100,221
-
-
-
-
(100,221)
-
-
-
Bonus shares issued during the year
230,790
-
-
-
-
-
-
(230,790)
-
-
-
Transaction with common control entity
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
5,603
5,603
5,603
Transaction with non-controlling interest 
(NCI) (Note 22)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(14,325)
(14,325)
Payment of dividends (Note 22)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(32,825)
(32,825)
Balance at 31 December 2021 
2,006,098
-
1,012,320
312,000
(116,116)
(547,489)
-
17,561,412
20,228,225
796,062
21,024,287 
Profit for the year ended 31 December 2022
- 
-
- 
- 
-
3,706,293
3,706,293 
79,904 
3,786,197 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
year
-
-
-
-
(14,688) 
(1,279,796)
- 
(1,294,484) 
37,495 
(1,256,989) 
Total comprehensive income for the year
-
-
-
-
(14,688) 
(1,279,796)
-
3,706,293
2,411,809 
117,399 
2,529,208 
Issuance of Tier 1 capital
-
1,101,900
- 
- 
-
-
1,101,900 
-
1,101,900
Transfer from investments revaluation  
  reserve to retained earnings 
- 
-
- 
- 
-
13,504
-
(13,504)
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to statutory and legal reserves
- 
-
15,174 
- 
- 
-
- 
(15,174)
- 
- 
- 
Payment of dividends (Note 22)
- 
-
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
(200,610)
(200,610) 
(32,826) 
(233,436) 
Transaction with NCI
- 
-
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
- 
-
(3,320)
(3,320) 
Balance at 31 December 2022 
2,006,098 
1,101,900
1,027,494 
312,000 
(130,804) 
(1,813,781)
-
21,038,417
23,541,324 
877,315 
24,418,639 
- 
- 
F-15

--- Page 176 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group  
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
                                                         14 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2022
2021
Notes
AED’000
USD’000
AED’000
USD’000
Equivalent
Equivalent
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxation for the year
3,932,285
 1,070,592 
1,124,489
306,150
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation
32
329,649
89,749 
255,569 
69,580 
Allowances for impairment, net
31
497,478
135,442 
2,058,626 
560,475 
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property and 
equipment
30
(341)
(93)
3,447
939 
Unrealised loss/(gain) on other financial 
assets held at FVTPL 
 
29
36,119
9,834 
(8,521)
(2,320)
Fair value adjustments of investment 
properties
 
30
(2,011)
(548)
(13,114)
(3,571)
Net realized gain from sale of other 
financial assets measured at FVTPL
 
29
(38,757)
(10,552)
(28,305)
(7,706)
Dividend income from other financial 
assets measured at FVTOCI
 
29
(34,615)
(9,424)
(21,337)
(5,809)
Net realised gain from sale of other 
financial assets measured at amortised 
cost/FVTOCI
 
29
(53,783)
(14,643)
(117,603)
(32,018)
Share of loss/(gain) from associate
1,280
348 
(7,090)
(1,930)
Unrealised gain on derivatives
30
(58,612)
(15,958)
(30,724)
(8,365)
Loss from sale of subsidiary
43
25,960
7,068 
Operating cash flows before tax paid 
and changes in operating assets and 
liabilities
4,634,652
1,261,815
 
3,215,437 
875,425 
Tax paid
(146,088)
(39,773)
(48,778)
(13,280)
Changes in operating assets and 
liabilities
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with 
central banks 
(766,513)
(208,689)
4,363,482 
1,187,989 
Decrease/(increase) in deposits and 
balances due from banks maturing after 
three months
4,003,557 
1,089,996 
 
(4,029,531)
 
(1,097,068)
Increase in loans and advances measured 
at amortised cost
(9,424,717)
(2,565,945)
(10,926,600)
 
(2,974,844)
Decrease/(increase) in Islamic financing 
and investment products measured at 
amortised cost
453,921
123,583 
 
(984,092)
(267,926)
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurance assets
 (428,043)
(116,538)
191,954 
52,261 
(Increase)/decrease in other assets
 (3,450,608)
(939,452)
219,532 
59,769 
Increase in financial assets carried at 
FVTPL
(376,172)
(102,415)
(783,253)
(213,246)
(Decrease)/increase in repurchase 
agreements with banks
(802,965)
(218,613)
 
439,424 
119,636 
Increase in customers’ deposits
11,676,420 
3,178,987 
10,774,929 
2,933,550 
Increase in Islamic customers’ deposits
646,854
176,110 
2,447,522 
666,356 
Increase in deposits and balances due to 
banks
8,832,970
2,404,838 
 
4,722,106 
1,285,626 
Increase/(decrease) in insurance contract 
liabilities
1,075,491 
292,810 
(181,177)
(49,327)
Increase in other liabilities
 1,881,397 
512,224 
120,435 
32,789 
Net cash generated from operating 
activities
17,810,156
4,848,938
9,541,390 
2,597,710
 
F-16

--- Page 177 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
                                                         15 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (continued) 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
Notes
AED’000
USD’000
AED’000
USD’000
 
Equivalent
Equivalent
Cash flows from investing activities 
Purchase of property and equipment
12
 (146,032) 
 (39,758) 
(129,216)
(35,180)
Purchase on intangible assets
13
 (130,282) 
 (35,470) 
(82,298)
(22,406)
Proceeds from sale of property and  
equipment 
 27,384 
 7,456 
1,441 
393 
Purchase of other financial assets 
measured at fair value or amortised 
cost
 
(47,397,026) 
 (12,904,173) 
(40,877,370)
(11,129,151)
Proceeds from sale of other financial 
assets measured at fair value or 
amortised cost
 46,343,690 
 12,617,395 
 
34,330,239 
9,346,648 
Dividend income from other financial 
assets  measured at FVTOCI 
 
29
 34,615 
 9,424 
21,337 
5,809 
Investment in associate 
 (8,824) 
 (2,403) 
(13,813)
(3,761)
Disposal of subsidiary 
43
50,183 
 13,663 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(1,226,292) 
 (333,866) 
(6,749,680)
(1,837,648)
 
 
 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
Transaction with NCI 
 (3,320) 
 (904) 
(14,325)
(3,900)
Dividend paid
 (233,436) 
 (63,555) 
(32,825)
(8,937)
Medium term notes issued 
 139,155 
 37,886 
-
-  
Medium term notes redeemed 
 (2,230,710) 
 (607,326) 
(2,300,922)
(626,442)
Subordinated notes issued
1,831,027 
 498,510 
Issuance of Tier 1 capital notes
1,101,900 
 300,000 
Net cash generated from/(used in) 
financing activities 
604,616 
 164,611 
(2,348,072)
(639,279)
 
 
 
Net increase in cash and cash 
equivalents 
 17,188,480 
 4,679,683 
443,638 
120,783 
Net foreign exchange difference
 14,688 
 3,999 
17,784 
4,842 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January
21,302,038
 5,799,629 
20,840,616
5,674,004
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 
December 
35
38,505,206 
 10,483,311 
21,302,038
5,799,629
 
F-17

--- Page 178 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022  
16 
 
1  
General information 
 
Mashreqbank PSC (the “Bank”) was incorporated in the Emirate of Dubai in 1967 under a 
decree issued by The Ruler of Dubai. The Bank carries on retail banking, commercial banking, 
investment banking, Islamic banking, brokerage and asset management activities through its 
branches in the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Hong Kong, India, Qatar, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America.   
 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements combine the activities of the Bank and its 
subsidiaries (collectively the “Mashreqbank PSC Group” or “Group”), as listed in Note 36. 
 
The address of the Bank’s registered office is P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) 
 
2.1 
New and revised IFRS applied on the consolidated financial statements  
 
The following new and revised IFRS, which became effective for annual periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2022, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. The 
application of these revised IFRSs, except where stated, have not had any material impact on the 
amounts reported for the current and prior years. 
 
 Narrow-scope amendments to IFRS 3, IAS 16, IAS 37 and some annual 
improvements on IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 
 
Amendments to IFRS 3, ‘Business combinations’ update a reference in IFRS 3 to the 
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting without changing the accounting 
requirements for business combinations. 
 
Amendments to IAS 16, ‘Property, plant and equipment’ prohibit a company from 
deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from 
selling items produced while the company is preparing the asset for its intended use. 
Instead, a company will recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in profit or 
loss. 
 
Amendments to IAS 37, ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets’ 
specify which costs a company includes when assessing whether a contract will be 
loss-making. 
 
Annual improvements make minor amendments to IFRS 9, ‘Financial instruments’, 
and the Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16, ‘Leases’. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-18

--- Page 179 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022  
17 
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) (continued) 
 
2.1 
New and revised IFRS applied on the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
 
IFRIC Agenda decision – Lessor forgiveness of lease payments (IFRS 9 and 
IFRS 16) 
 
In October 2022, the IASB finalised the agenda decision approved by the IFRS 
Interpretation Committee (IFRS IC) on ‘Lessor Forgiveness of Lease Payments (IFRS 
9 and IFRS 16)’. The agenda decision addresses the accounting from the perspective 
of the lessor, and in particular:  
 how the expected credit loss (‘ECL’) model in IFRS 9 should be applied to the 
operating lease receivable when the lessor expects to forgive payments due 
from the lessee under the lease contract before the rent concession is granted. 
 whether to apply the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9 or the lease 
modification requirements in IFRS 16 when accounting for the rent concession. 
 
 
 
F-19

--- Page 180 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
18 
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) (continued) 
 
2.2 
New and revised IFRS issued but not yet effective and not early adopted 
 
The Group has not yet applied the following new standards, amendments and interpretations 
that have been issued but are not yet effective: 
 
New standards, amendments and interpretations 
Effective for 
annual 
periods 
beginning on 
or after 
 
IFRS 17, ‘Insurance contracts’ - On 18 May 2017, the IASB 
finished its long-standing project to develop an accounting 
standard on insurance contracts and published IFRS 17, 
‘Insurance Contracts’. IFRS 17 replaces IFRS 4, which currently 
permits a wide variety of practices. IFRS 17 will fundamentally 
change the accounting by all entities that issue insurance contracts 
and investment contracts with discretionary participation 
features. The standard applies to annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2023, with earlier application permitted if IFRS 
15, ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ and IFRS 9, 
‘Financial instruments’ are also applied. IFRS 17 requires a 
current measurement model, where estimates are remeasured in 
each reporting period. The measurement is based on the building 
blocks of discounted, probability-weighted cash flows, a risk 
adjustment and a contractual service margin (“CSM”) 
representing the unearned profit of the contract. A simplified 
premium allocation approach is permitted for the liability for the 
remaining coverage if it provides a measurement that is not 
materially different from the general model or if the coverage 
period is one year or less. However, claims incurred will need to 
be measured based on the building blocks of discounted, risk-
adjusted, probability weighted cash flows. 
Management expects that the adoption of IFRS 17 will have an 
impact on the amounts reported and disclosures made in these 
consolidated financial statements in respect of its insurance 
contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held.  Refer to note 43 
for transition impact. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 January 2023 
 
F-20

--- Page 181 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
19 
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) (continued) 
 
2.2 
New and revised IFRS issued but not yet effective and not early adopted 
(continued) 
 
New standards, amendments and interpretations 
Effective for 
annual periods 
beginning on or 
after
 
 Narrow scope amendments to IAS 1, Practice statement 2 and 
IAS 8 - The amendments aim to improve accounting policy 
disclosures and to help users of the financial statements to 
distinguish between changes in accounting estimates and changes 
in accounting policies. 
 
The impact of the above amendments is expected to be 
immaterial on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
1 January 2023 
 
 Amendment to IAS 12 – deferred tax related to assets and 
liabilities arising from a single transaction - These amendments 
require companies to recognise deferred tax on transactions that, 
on initial recognition give rise to equal amounts of taxable and 
deductible temporary differences.  
1 January 2023 
 Amendment to IFRS 16 – Leases on sale and leaseback- These 
amendments include requirements for sale and leaseback 
transactions in IFRS 16 to explain how an entity accounts for a 
sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction. Sale and 
leaseback transactions where some or all the lease payments are 
variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are 
most likely to be impacted. 
Annual periods 
beginning on or 
after 1 January 
2024 
 Amendment to IAS 1 – Noncurrent liabilities with covenants- 
These amendments clarify how conditions with which an entity 
must comply within twelve months after the reporting period 
affect the classification of a liability. 
Annual periods 
beginning on or 
after 1 January 
2024 
 
There are no other relevant applicable new standards and amendments to published standards 
or IFRS IC interpretations that have been issued but are not effective for the first time for the 
Group’s financial year beginning on 1 January 2023 that would be expected to have a material 
impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
 
F-21

--- Page 182 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
20 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies 
 
3.1 
Statement of compliance 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting 
Standards Board (“IASB”) and applicable requirements of the laws of the United Arab 
Emirates (“UAE”). 
 
On 20 September 2021, the UAE Federal Decree Law No. 32 of 2021 ("Companies Law") was 
issued and came into effect on 2 January 2022 which repealed the UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 
2015. The Group is in the process of complying with the provisions of the UAE Federal Decree 
Law No 32 of 2021. 
 
3.2 
Basis of preparation 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared on the historical cost 
basis except for certain financial instruments, including derivatives, investment properties and 
reserves for unit linked policies which are measured at fair value. 
 
Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for 
assets.  
 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) and all 
values are rounded to the nearest thousands AED, except where otherwise indicated. 
 
The accounting policies used in the preparation of this consolidated financial statements are 
consistent with those audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial 
statements are set out below: 
 
 
 
 
F-22

--- Page 183 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
21 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation  
 
These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Bank and 
entities controlled by the Bank and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Bank: 
 
 
has power over an investee,  
 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, 
and  
 
has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s 
returns. 
 
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate 
that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
 
When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the 
investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant 
activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances 
in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, 
including: 
 
 
the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of 
holdings of the other vote holders; 
 
potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders and other parties; 
 
rights raising from other contractual arrangements; and 
 
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not 
have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need 
to be made, including voting patterns and previous shareholders’ meetings. 
 
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Bank obtains control over the subsidiary and/or 
ceases when the Bank loses control over the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a 
subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss from the date the Bank gains control until the date when the Bank ceases to control 
the subsidiary.  
 
Profit or loss of each component of other comprehensive income is attributable to the owners of 
the Group and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is 
attributable to the owners of the Bank and to the non-controlling interest even if this results in 
the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intragroup assets, 
liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of 
the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
 
 
F-23

--- Page 184 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
22 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
 
Changes in the Group’s ownership interest in existing subsidiaries 
 
Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group 
losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying 
amounts of the Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the 
changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by 
which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or 
received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to shareholders of the Parent. 
 
When a change in the Group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary results in a loss of control 
over the subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary including any goodwill are 
derecognised. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of 
that entity are also reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss or transferred 
directly to retained earnings. 
 
Any retained equity interest in the entity is remeasured at fair value. The difference between 
the carrying amount of the retained interest at the date when control is lost and its fair value 
is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is 
lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 
9 ‘Financial Instruments’ or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment 
in an associate or a joint venture. 
 
Business combinations 
 
Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration 
transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum 
of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred 
by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group 
in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in 
profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business 
combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the 
acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on 
an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s 
proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets. 
F-24

--- Page 185 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
23 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
 
Business combinations (continued) 
 
The excess of the 
 
 
consideration transferred; 
 
amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity; and 
 
acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity 
 
over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those 
amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the 
difference is recognised directly in the consolidated statement profit or loss as a bargain 
purchase. 
 
Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the 
future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used 
is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could 
be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. 
 
Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts 
classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair 
value recognised in profit or loss. 
 
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the 
acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the 
acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit 
or loss. 
 
Investment in joint venture 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the 
arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the 
contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions 
about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 
 
Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and 
adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of 
the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive 
income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from 
associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the 
investment. 
 
F-25

--- Page 186 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
24 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
 
Investment in joint venture (continued) 
 
When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its 
interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Company does 
not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of 
the other entity. 
 
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures 
are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are 
also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset 
transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where 
necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group. 
 
When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the joint venture or business 
is remeasured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in the carrying 
amount recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. The fair value becomes the 
initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as 
a joint venture. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive 
income in respect of that entity or business are accounted for as if the related assets or 
liabilities have been directly disposed off. If the ownership in a joint venture is reduced but 
joint control is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in 
other comprehensive income are reclassified to the statement of profit or loss where 
appropriate. 
 
3.4 
Goodwill 
 
Goodwill arising on acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of 
acquisition of the business (see Note 3.3 above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any. For 
the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating 
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the 
combination.  
 
A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, 
or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit might be impaired. If the recoverable 
amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount, the impairment loss is 
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the 
other assets of the unit pro-rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any 
impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss 
recognised for goodwill is not reversed in the subsequent periods.  
 
On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included 
in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal. 
F-26

--- Page 187 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
25 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.5 
Revenue recognition   
 
(a) 
Interest income and expense 
 
Interest income and expense for all interest-bearing financial instruments is calculated by 
applying the effective interest rate (refer Note 3.14.1) to the gross carrying amount of the 
financial instrument, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired 
(or stage 3), for which interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to 
their amortised cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss provision) and are recognised within 
‘interest income’ and ‘interest expense’ in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
(b) 
Income from Islamic financing and investments products 
 
The Group’s policy for recognition of income from Islamic financing and investments products 
is described in Note 3.20 (iii). 
 
(c) 
Fee and commission income and expenses 
 
The Group earns fee and commission income from a diverse range of services it provides to its 
customers. Fee income can be divided into the following two categories: 
 
(i) 
Fees earned for the provision of services over a period of time are accrued over that 
period. These fees include commission income and asset management, custody and other 
management and advisory fees. Loan commitment fees for loans that are likely to be 
drawn down and other credit-related fees are deferred (together with any incremental 
costs) and recognised as an adjustment to the effective interest rate on the loan. When it 
is unlikely that a loan will be drawn down, the loan commitment fees are recognised over 
the commitment period on a straight-line basis. 
 
(ii) 
Fees arising from negotiating or participating in the negotiation of a transaction for a third 
party, such as the arrangement of the acquisition of shares or other securities or the 
purchase or sale of businesses, are recognised on completion of the underlying 
transaction. Fees or components of fees that are linked to a certain performance are 
recognised after fulfilling the corresponding criteria. 
 
(d) 
Dividend income 
 
Dividend income from investments is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
when the Group’s right to receive dividend has been established (provided that it is probable that 
the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of Income can be measured 
reliably).  
 
 
 
 
F-27

--- Page 188 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
26 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.5 
Revenue recognition (continued)  
 
(e) 
Insurance contracts revenue and insurance commission income 
 
Premiums are recognised as revenue (earned premium) on time-proportion basis over the 
effective period of policy coverage. The portion of premium received on in-force contracts that 
relates to unexpired risks at the end of the reporting period is reported as the unearned premium 
liability. 
 
Premium on life assurance policies are accounted for on the date of writing of policies and on 
subsequent due dates. 
 
 
 
Insurance commission income is recognised when the policies are written based on the terms 
and percentages agreed with the reinsurers. 
 
(f) 
Gain or loss from redemption of medium-term loans 
 
Gain or loss from redemption of medium-term loans represents the difference between the 
amount paid and the carrying amount of the liability on the date of redemption. 
 
(g) 
Rental income 
 
Rental income from investment property which are leased under operating leases are recognised 
on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 
 
3.6 
Leasing 
 
The group leases various branches, offices and premises for ATMs. Rental contracts are 
typically made for fixed periods of 12 months to 5 years, but may have extension options. 
Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms 
and conditions.  
 
Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which 
the leased asset is available for use by the group. Each lease payment is allocated between the 
liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so 
as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for 
each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and 
the lease term on a straight-line basis. 
 
 
 
 
F-28

--- Page 189 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
27 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.6 
Leasing (continued) 
 
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in 
the measurement of the liability.  
 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate 
cannot be readily determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate 
that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset 
of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms 
and conditions.  
 
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:  
 
the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability; and  
 
any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives 
received  
 
 3.7 
Foreign currencies 
 
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the 
purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each entity 
are expressed in UAE Dirham (AED), which is the functional currency of the Bank, and the 
presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements. 
  
The presentation currency of the Group is the UAE Dirham (AED); however, for presentation 
purposes only, additional columns for US Dollar (USD) equivalent amounts have been presented 
in the consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement of profit or loss, 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flows and 
certain notes to the consolidated financial statements using a fixed conversion rate of USD 1.00 
= AED 3.673.  
 
In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other 
than the Group’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recorded at the rates of exchange 
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At each reporting date, monetary items denominated 
in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the reporting date. Non-monetary 
items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates 
prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured 
in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. 
 
F-29

--- Page 190 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
28 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.7 
Foreign currencies (continued) 
 
Exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period 
in which they arise except for: 
 
 
Exchange differences which relate to assets under construction for future productive use, 
which are included in the cost of those assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to 
interest costs on foreign currency borrowings; 
 
exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign 
currency risks; and 
 
exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign 
operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur, which form part of 
the net investment in a foreign operation, and which are recognised initially in the foreign 
currency translation reserve and recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss on 
disposal of the net investment. 
 
For the purpose of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of 
the Group’s foreign operations are expressed in AED using exchange rates prevailing at the 
reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the 
period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that year, in which case the exchange 
rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are classified 
as equity and recognised in the Group’s Currency translation reserve. Such exchange differences 
are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which the foreign 
operation is disposed. 
 
In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Bank 
losing control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange 
differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of 
associates or jointly controlled entities that do not result in the Bank losing significant 
influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is 
reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets and liabilities acquired arising on 
the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. 
Exchange differences arising are recognised in equity. 
 
 
F-30

--- Page 191 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
29 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.8 
Borrowing costs 
 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their 
intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
 
Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their 
expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. 
 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. 
 
3.9 
Investment properties 
 
Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation 
including properties under construction for such purposes. Investment properties are measured 
initially at cost, including transaction costs. Cost includes the cost of replacing part of an 
existing investment property at the time that cost is incurred if the recognition criteria are met; 
and excludes the cost of day to day servicing of an investment property. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at 
the reporting date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment 
properties are included in the profit or loss in the year in which they arise. 
 
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the 
investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is 
expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment 
property are recognised in the profit or loss in the period of retirement or disposal. 
 
Transfer is made to or from investment property only when there is a change in use evidenced 
by the end of owner-occupation or commencement of an operating lease to another party. For 
a transfer from investment property to owner occupied property, the deemed cost for 
subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. If owner occupied property 
becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the 
policy stated under property and equipment up to the date of the change in use. Fair value is 
determined by open market values based on valuations performed by independent surveyors 
and consultants or broker’s quotes. 
 
 
F-31

--- Page 192 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
30 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.10 
Property and equipment 
 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated 
impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or 
recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the item will flow to the Bank and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the 
financial period in which they are incurred. 
 
Freehold land and capital work in progress are not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than land and capital 
work in progress), using the straight-line method, over the estimated useful lives of the 
respective assets, as follows: 
 
    Years 
 
Properties for own use  
20 – 50 
Furniture, fixtures, equipment and vehicles 
4 - 15 
Improvements to freehold properties and others 
5 - 10 
 
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year 
end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.   
 
An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic 
benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on 
the disposal or retirement of an item of property  and equipment is determined as the difference 
between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Capital work-in-progress are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Cost 
includes professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance 
with the Group's accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories 
of property and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these 
assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for 
their intended use. 
 
 
 
F-32

--- Page 193 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
31 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.11 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-
financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated 
in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). When it is not possible to 
estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable 
amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and 
consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual 
cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating 
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified. 
 
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing 
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-
tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.  
 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its 
carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss. 
 
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, such that the 
increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in 
prior years.  
 
3.12 
Intangible assets 
 
Intangible assets consists of software which are stated at cost less amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight lines over the estimated 
useful lives of 5 to 10 years. The estimated useful lives, residual values and amortisation 
method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted 
for on a prospective basis.   
 
 
 
F-33

--- Page 194 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
32 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.13 
Provisions 
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 
result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
 
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle 
the present obligation at the reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to 
settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows. 
 
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be 
recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that 
reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably. 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments  
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit and 
loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, 
as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition 
of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are recognised 
immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Immediately after initial 
recognition, an expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance is recognised for financial assets 
measured at amortised cost and investments in debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, as 
described in note 43, which results in an accounting loss being recognised in profit or loss 
when an asset is newly originated. 
 
F-34

--- Page 195 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
33 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
When the fair value of financial assets and liabilities differs from the transaction price on 
initial recognition, the entity recognises the difference as follows: 
 
(a) 
When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical 
asset or liability (i.e. a Level 1 input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only 
data from observable markets, the difference is recognised as a gain or loss. 
 
(b) 
In all other cases, the difference is deferred and the timing of recognition of deferred 
day one profit or loss is determined individually. It is either amortised over the life of 
the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be determined using 
market observable inputs, or realised through settlement. 
 
3.14.1 Financial assets  
 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a 
trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that 
require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the 
marketplace. 
 
(i) 
Classification of financial assets 
 
For the purposes of classifying financial assets, an instrument is an ‘equity instrument’ if it is 
a non-derivative and meets the definition of ‘equity’ for the issuer except for certain non-
derivative puttable instruments presented as equity by the issuer. All other non-derivative 
financial assets are ‘debt instruments’. Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the 
definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s perspective, such as loans and government 
and corporate bonds. 
 
Debt instruments: 
 
Debt instruments are measured at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met: 
 
i. 
the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows; and 
ii. 
the contractual terms of the instrument give rise on specified dates to cash flows that 
are solely payments of principal and interest/profit on the principal amount 
outstanding. 
 
All other financial assets except for debt instruments carried at amortized cost are 
subsequently measured at fair value. 
 
 
F-35

--- Page 196 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
34 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14     Financial instruments (continued) 
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
 
Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three 
measurement categories:  
 
• 
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and Interest (‘SPPI’), and that are not 
designated at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), are measured at amortised cost. 
The carrying amount of these assets is adjusted by any expected credit loss allowance 
recognized and measured as described in Note 43.  
 
 
Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI): financial assets that are 
held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not 
designated at FVTPL, are measured at FVTOCI. Movements in carrying amount are 
taken through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), except for the recognition of 
impairment gains and losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses 
on the instruments’ amortised cost which are recognized in profit or loss. When the 
financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in 
OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘Net Investment 
Income’.  
 
 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the criteria for 
amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A gain or 
loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or 
loss and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in profit or loss and 
presented in the statement of profit or loss within ‘Net investment income’ in the 
period in which it arises, unless it arises from debt instruments that were designated at 
fair value or which are not held for trading, in which case they were presented 
separately in ‘Net investment income’.  
 
Business model: the business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows. That is, whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual 
cash flows from the assets or is to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows 
arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held 
for trading purposes), then the financial assets are classified as part of ‘other’ business model 
and measured at FVTPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model 
for a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were 
collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to key management 
personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.   
F-36

--- Page 197 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
35 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
  
(i)  
Classification of financial assets (continued) 
 
SPPI: Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to collect 
contractual cash flows and sell, the Group assesses whether financial instruments’ cash flows 
represent solely payments of principal and interest (the ‘SPPI test’). In making this 
assessment, the Group considers whether contractual cash flows are consistent with a basic 
lending arrangement i.e. interest includes only consideration for the time value of money, 
credit risk, other basic lending risks and an interest rate that is consistent with basic lending 
arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are 
inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and 
measured at fair value through profit or loss.  
 
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining 
whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest. 
 
The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing 
those assets changes. The reclassification takes place from the start of the first reporting period 
following the change. Such changes are expected to be very infrequent and there were no 
material reclassification during the year. 
 
Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective; that is, instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay and that 
evidence a residual interest in the issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity instruments include 
basic ordinary shares.  
 
The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, 
except where the Group’s management has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably 
designate an equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income. The 
Group’s policy is to designate equity investments as FVTOCI when those investments are 
held for purposes other than to generate investment returns. When this election is used, fair 
value gains and losses are recognized in OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or 
loss, including on disposal. On disposal of these equity investments, any related balance within 
the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to retained earnings. Impairment losses (and reversal of 
impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. Dividends, 
when representing a return on such investments, continue to be recognized in profit or loss as 
other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.  
 
 
 
F-37

--- Page 198 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
36 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
 
(i)  
Classification of financial assets (continued) 
 
Amortised cost and effective interest method 
 
The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured 
at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative 
amortization using the effective interest rate method of any difference between that initial 
amount and the maturity amount and, for financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance.  
 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or 
receipts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its amortised cost before any impairment  allowance) 
or to the amortised cost of a financial liability. The calculation does not consider expected 
credit losses and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees paid or received 
that are integral to the effective interest rate, such as origination fees.  
 
When the Group revises the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the 
respective financial asset or financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new estimate 
discounted using original effective interest rate. Any changes are recognized in profit or loss. 
 
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying 
amount of financial assets, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
impaired (or stage 3), for which interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest 
rate to their amortised cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss provision). 
 
(ii) 
Impairment of financial assets  
 
The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (‘ECL’) associated 
with its debt instrument assets carried at amortised cost and FVTOCI and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Group recognizes a 
loss allowance for such losses at each reporting date. The measurement of ECL reflects:  
 
 
An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range 
of possible outcomes; 
 
The time value of money; and 
 
Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort 
at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future 
economic conditions.  
 
Note 43 provides more detail of how the expected credit loss allowance is measured. 
F-38

--- Page 199 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
37 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
 
(iii)  
Modification of loans 
 
The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans 
to customers. Where this happens, the Group assesses whether or not the new terms are 
substantially different to the original terms. The Group does this by considering, among 
others, the following factors: 
 
 
If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the 
contractual cash flows to amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay. 
 
Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share / equity based 
return that substantially affects the risk profile of the loan. 
 
Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty. 
 
Significant change in the interest rate. 
 
Change in the currency the loan is denominated in. 
 
Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect 
the credit risk associated with the loan. 
 
If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognizes the original financial asset and 
recognizes a ‘new’ asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the 
asset. The date of renegotiation is consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition 
for impairment calculation purposes, including for the purpose of determining whether a 
significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the Group also assesses whether the 
new financial asset recognized is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial recognition, 
especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to 
make the originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognized 
in profit or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.  
 
If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in 
the derecognition, and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised 
cash flows of the financial asset and recognizes a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
The new gross carrying amount is recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the 
original effective interest rate. 
 
F-39

--- Page 200 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
38 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
 
(iii)  
Modification of loans (continued) 
 
Derecognition other than on a modification 
 
Financial assets, or a portion thereof, are derecognized when the contractual rights to receive 
the cash flows from the assets have expired, or when they have been transferred and either (i) 
the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownerships, or (ii) the Group 
neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and the Group 
has not retained control.  
 
The Group enters into transactions where it retains the contractual rights to receive cash flows 
from assets but assumes a contractual obligation to pay those cash flows to other entities and 
transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards.  
 
These transactions are accounted for as ‘pass through’ transfers that result in derecognition if 
the Group: 
 
 
Has no obligation to make payments unless it collects equivalent amounts from the 
assets; 
 
Is prohibited from selling or pledging the assets; and 
 
Has an obligation to remit any cash it collects from the assets without material delay. 
 
Collateral (shares and bonds) furnished by the Group under standard repurchase agreements and 
securities lending and borrowing transactions are not derecognised because the Group retains 
substantially all the risks and rewards on the basis of predetermined repurchase price, and the 
criteria for derecognition are therefore not met. This also applies to certain securitisation 
transactions in which the Group retain a subordinated residual interest. 
 
 
3.14.2 Financial liabilities  
 
 
Classification and subsequent measurement  
 
Financial liabilities (including deposits and balances due to banks, repurchase agreements 
with banks, medium term loans and customer deposits) are initially recognised as fair value 
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for:  
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: this classification is applied to 
derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities 
designated as such on initial recognition. Gains or losses on financial liabilities 
designated at fair value through profit or loss are presented partially in other 
comprehensive income (the change in fair value due to credit risk) and partially profit 
or loss (the remaining amount of change in the fair value of the liability). 
F-40

--- Page 201 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
39 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.2 Financial liabilities (continued) 
 
This is  unless such a presentation would create, or enlarge, an accounting mismatch, 
in which case the gains and losses attributable to changes in the credit risk of the 
liability are also presented in profit or loss; 
 
Financial liabilities arising from the transfer of financial assets which did not qualify 
for derecognition whereby for financial liability is recognised for the consideration 
received for the transfer. In subsequent periods, the Group recognises any expense 
incurred on the financial liability; and 
 
Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments. 
 
Derecognition 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished (i.e. when the obligation 
specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires). 
 
When replacing an existing debt with a new debt from a new lender, the existing debt would 
be de-recognized in the financial statements, with the difference between the carrying amount 
and the fair value of the consideration paid recognized in profit or loss. However, when 
modifying or exchanging a debt while keeping the original lender, the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) have specific guidance on whether the transaction results in a de-
recognition or is accounted for differently. This analysis is driven by the question whether the 
modification is “substantial” or whether the original debt has been replaced by another debt 
with “substantially” different terms. 
 
3.14.3 Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments 
 
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the Group to make specified payments to 
reimburse the holders for a loss they incur because a specified debtor fails to make payment 
when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Loan commitments are 
irrevocable commitments to provide credit under pre-specified terms and conditions. 
 
Financial guarantee contracts are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured 
at the higher of: 
 
- 
The amount of the loss allowance; and 
- 
The premium received on initial recognition less income recognized in accordance 
with the principles of IFRS 15. 
 
Loan commitments provided by the Group are measured as the amount of the loss allowance 
(calculated as described in note 43).  
 
 
 
F-41

--- Page 202 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
40 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
 
3.14.4 Foreign exchange gains and losses 
 
The fair value of financial assets denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that 
foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. The foreign 
exchange component forms part of its fair value gain or loss. Therefore,  
 
 for financial assets that are classified as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component 
is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss; 
 
 for financial assets that are monetary items and designated as at FVTOCI, any foreign 
exchange component is recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss; 
 
 
for financial assets that are non-monetary items and designated as at FVTOCI, any 
foreign exchange component is recognised in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income; and 
 
 for foreign currency denominated debt instruments measured at amortised cost at the 
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined 
based on the amortised cost of the financial assets and are recognised in the  
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
3.15 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and reported net in the consolidated statement of 
financial position only when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts or when the Group intends to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle 
the liability simultaneously. 
 
3.16 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
The Group deals with derivatives such as forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate 
futures, forward rate agreements, currency and interest rate swaps, currency and interest rate 
options (both written and purchased). Further details of derivatives financial instruments are 
disclosed in Note 41. Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative 
contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of 
each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated statement of 
profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging 
instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship. All derivatives are carried at their fair 
values as assets where the fair values are positive and as liabilities where the fair values are 
negative. Fair values are generally obtained by reference to quoted market prices, discounted 
cash flow models and recognised pricing models as appropriate. 
F-42

--- Page 203 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
41 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.16 
Derivative financial instruments (continued) 
 
(a) 
Embedded derivatives 
 
Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the 
scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (e.g. financial liabilities) are treated as separate 
derivatives when their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host 
contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL. 
 
3.17 
Hedge accounting  
 
The Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives and non-
derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or hedges of net 
investments in foreign operations. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are 
accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
 
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the 
hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its 
strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge 
and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly 
effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to 
the hedged risk. 
 
Note 41 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging 
purposes.  
 
Fair value hedges 
 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss immediately, together with any changes 
in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The change 
in the fair value of the hedging instrument and the change in the hedged item attributable to the 
hedged risk are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, when the 
hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. The fair value adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item arising 
from the hedged risk is amortised to the consolidate statement of profit or loss from that date.  
 
 
 
F-43

--- Page 204 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
42 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.17 
Hedge accounting (continued) 
  
Cash flow hedges 
 
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify 
as cash flow hedges is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the 
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in consolidated statement of profit or loss, and is 
included in the other income line item. 
 
Amounts previously recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated in equity are reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss in the periods 
when the hedged item affects in the recognition of a non-financial assets or a non-financial 
liability, the gains and losses previously recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income and accumulated in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial 
measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. 
 
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, when the 
hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. Any gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the 
forecase transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. When 
a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is 
recognised  immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations 
 
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow 
hedges. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the 
hedge is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and accumulated 
under the heading of cumulative translation reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective 
portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge 
accumulated in the cumulative translation reserve are reclassified to the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss on the disposal of the foreign operation. 
 
 
 
F-44

--- Page 205 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
43 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18 
Insurance contracts 
 
3.18.1 Product classification 
 
Insurance contracts are those contracts when the Group (the insurer) has accepted the 
significant insurance risk from another party (policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the 
policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the 
policyholder. As a general guideline, the Group determines whether it has significant 
insurance risk by comparing benefits paid with benefits payable if the insured event did not 
occur. An insurance contract can also transfer financial risk. 
 
Investment contracts are those contracts that transfer significant financial risk. Financial risk 
is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of a specified interest rate, financial 
instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of price or rates, credit rating 
or credit index or other variable provided in the case of a non-financial variable, that the 
variable is not specific to a party to the contract. 
 
Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract, it remains an insurance contract 
for the remainder of its lifetime even if the insurance risk reduces significantly during this 
period unless all rights and obligations are extinguished or expire. An investment contract can 
however be classified as an insurance contract after its inception if the insurance risk becomes 
significant.  
 
Some insurance contracts and investment contracts contain discretionary participating features 
(DPF) which entitle the contract holder to receive, as a supplement to the standard guaranteed 
benefits, additional benefits: 
 
 that are likely to be a significant portion of the total contractual benefits; 
 whose amount or timing is contractually at the discretion of the insurer; 
 that are contractually based on: 
 
(i) 
the performance of a specified pool of contracts or a specified type of contract, 
(ii) 
realised/unrealised investment returns on a specified pool of assets held by the 
issuer or, 
(iii) 
the profit or loss of the Company, fund or other entity that issues that contract. 
 
Under IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, DPF can be either treated as an element of equity or as a 
liability, or can be split between the two elements. The Group policy is to treat all DPF as 
liabilities within insurance or investment contract liabilities. 
 
 
F-45

--- Page 206 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
44 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18 
Insurance contracts (continued) 
 
3.18.1 Product classification (continued) 
 
The policyholder bears the financial risks relating to some insurance contracts or investment 
contracts. Such products are usually unit-linked contracts. 
 
3.18.2 Recognition and measurement 
 
Insurance contracts are classified into two main categories, depending on the nature of the risk, 
duration of the risk and whether or not the terms and conditions are fixed. 
 
These contracts are general insurance contracts and life assurance contracts.  
 
3.18.3 General insurance contracts 
 
Premiums are recognised as revenue (earned premiums) proportionally over the period of 
coverage. The portion of premium received on in-force contracts that relates to unexpired risks 
at the end of the reporting period is reported as the unearned premium liability. Premiums are 
shown in the profit and loss before deduction of commission. 
 
Claims and loss adjustment expenses are charged to the profit or loss as incurred based on the 
estimated liability for compensation owed to contract holders or third parties damaged by the 
contract holders. 
 
3.18.4 Life assurance contracts 
 
In respect of the short term life assurance contracts, premiums are recognised as revenue (earned 
premiums) proportionately over the period of coverage. The portion of the premium received in 
respect of in-force contracts that relates to unexpired risks at the end of the reporting period is 
reported as the unearned premium liability. Premiums are shown before the deduction of the 
commission. 
 
In respect of long term life assurance contracts, premiums are recognised as revenue (earned 
premiums) when they become payable by the contract holder. Premiums are shown before 
deduction of commission.  
 
Premiums for group credit life policies are recognised when paid by the contract holder. 
 
A liability for contractual benefits that are expected to be incurred in future is recorded when the 
premiums are recognised. The liability is based on the assumptions as to mortality, persistency, 
maintenance expenses and investment income that are established at the time the contract is 
issued. A margin for adverse deviation is included in the assumptions. 
 
 
F-46

--- Page 207 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
45 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18 
Insurance contracts (continued) 
 
3.18.4 Life assurance contracts (continued) 
 
Where a life assurance contract has a single premium or limited number of premium payments 
due over a significantly shorter period than the period during which the benefits are provided, the 
excess of the premiums payable over the valuation premiums is deferred and recognised as 
income in line with the decrease of unexpired insurance risk of the contract in-force or for 
annuities in force, in line with the decrease of the amount of future benefits expected to be paid.  
 
The liabilities are recalculated at the end of each reporting period using the assumptions 
established at the inception of the contract.     
 
Claims and benefits payable to contract holders are recorded as expenses when they are incurred.  
 
3.18.5 Reinsurance contracts  
 
Contracts entered into by the Group with reinsurers under which the Group is compensated for 
losses on one or more contracts issued by the Group and that meet the classification requirements 
for insurance contracts are recognised as reinsurance contracts. Contracts that do not meet these 
classification requirements are classified as financial assets. Insurance contracts entered into by 
the Group under which the contract holder is another insurer, are included in insurance contracts. 
The benefits to which the Group is entitled under its reinsurance contracts are recognised as 
reinsurance contract assets.  
 
The Group assesses its reinsurance contract assets for impairment on a regular basis. If there is 
objective evidence that the reinsurance contract assets are impaired, the Group reduces the 
carrying amount of the reinsurance contract assets to their recoverable amounts and recognises 
that impairment loss in the profit or loss.  Amounts recoverable from or due to reinsurers are 
measured consistently with the amounts associated with the reinsured insurance contracts and in 
accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Reinsurance liabilities are primarily 
premiums payable for reinsurance contracts and are recognised as expenses when due. 
 
The Group also assumes reinsurance risk in the normal course of business for life insurance 
and general insurance contracts where applicable. Premium and claims on assumed 
reinsurance contracts are recognised as revenue or expenses in the same manner as they would 
be if the reinsurance were considered direct business, taking into account the product 
classification of the reinsured business. Reinsurance liabilities represent balances due to 
reinsurance companies. Amounts payable are estimated in a manner consistent with the related 
reinsurance contract. 
 
Reinsurance assets or liabilities are derecognised when the contractual rights are extinguished 
or expire or when the contract is transferred to another party. 
 
 
F-47

--- Page 208 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
46 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18      Insurance contracts (continued) 
 
3.18.6   Insurance contract liabilities 
 
(a) 
Unearned premium reserve 
 
At the end of the reporting period, proportions of net retained premium of the general insurance 
and medical insurance are provided to cover portions of risks which have not expired.  The 
reserves are calculated on a time-proportion basis whilst maintaining the minimum reserve 
requirements required by the regulations relating to insurance companies. Unearned premium for 
group life and individual life classes of business is estimated by the Group’s actuary in the 
calculation of the insurance contracts liabilities for life assurance business. 
 
(b) 
Additional reserve 
 
The additional reserve comprises of the provisions made for: 
 
 
the estimated excess of potential claims over unearned premiums (premium 
deficiency), 
 
the claims incurred but not reported at the end of the reporting period (IBNR), and 
 
the potential shortfall in the estimated amounts of the unpaid reported claims. 
 
The reserve represents management’s best estimates of the potential liabilities at the end of the 
reporting period. The liabilities for unpaid reported claims are estimated using the input of 
assessments for individual cases reported to the Group and management estimates based on past 
claims settlement trends for the claims incurred but not reported. At the end of each reporting 
period, prior year claims estimates are reassessed for adequacy by the Group’s actuary and 
changes are made to the provision. 
 
(c) 
Life assurance fund 
 
The life assurance fund is determined by independent actuarial valuation of future policy 
benefits at the end of each reporting period. Actuarial assumptions include a margin for 
adverse deviation and generally vary by type of policy, year of issue and policy duration.  
Mortality and withdrawal rate assumptions are based on experience and industry mortality 
tables. Adjustments to the balance of the fund are effected by charging to consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
(d) 
Unit-linked liabilities 
 
For unit-linked policies, the liability is equal to the policy account values. The account value 
is the number of units times the bid price. 
 
 
F-48

--- Page 209 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
47 
 
3 
   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18      Insurance contracts (continued) 
 
3.18.6   Insurance contract liabilities (continued) 
 
(e) 
Outstanding claims 
 
Insurance contract liabilities towards outstanding claims are recognised for all claims 
intimated and unpaid at the end of the reporting period. These liabilities are known as the 
outstanding claims provision, which are based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims 
incurred but not settled at the end of the reporting period after reduction for the expected value 
of salvage and other recoveries. Delays can be experienced in the notification and settlement 
of certain types of claims, therefore the ultimate cost of claims cannot be known with certainty 
at the end of the reporting period. The liability is not discounted for the time value of money. 
No provision for equalisation or catastrophic reserves is recognised. The liability is 
derecognised when it is expired, discharged or cancelled. 
 
Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs (DAC) 
 
Commissions and other acquisition costs that vary with and are related to securing new 
contracts and renewing existing contracts are capitalised as an intangible asset (DAC). All 
other costs are recognised as expenses when incurred. The DAC is subsequently amortised as 
follows: 
 
• 
For property, casualty and short-duration life insurance contracts, DAC is amortised 
over the terms of the policies as premium is earned; 
 
• 
For long-term insurance contracts, DAC is amortised in line with premium revenue 
using assumptions consistent with those used in calculating future policy benefit 
liabilities; and  
 
• 
For long-term investment contracts, DAC is amortised over a period of four years. 
 
3.18.7 Salvage and subrogation reimbursements 
 
Estimates of salvage and subrogation reimbursements are considered as an allowance in the 
measurement of the insurance liability for claims. 
 
3.18.8  Liability adequacy test 
 
At the end of each reporting period, liability adequacy tests are performed to ensure the 
adequacy of the insurance contract liabilities. In performing these tests, current best estimates 
of future contractual cash flows and claims handling and administration expenses, as well as 
investment income from the assets backing such liabilities, are used. Any deficiency is 
immediately charged to the profit or loss.
F-49

--- Page 210 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
48 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.19 
Taxation 
 
Where applicable, provision is made for current and deferred taxes arising from the operating 
results of overseas branches that are operating in taxable jurisdictions. 
 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products 
 
In addition to conventional banking products, the Group offers its customers a variety of non-
interest based banking products, which are approved by its Internal Shari’ah Supervision 
Committee. 
 
Any conventional terminologies that are used only for reasons of legal requirement, explanation 
and/or clarity will be considered as replaced with its Shari’ah compliant equivalent and will not 
impact the Islamic products or documentation in terms of their Shari’ah compliance. 
 
All Islamic banking products are accounted for in conformity with the accounting policies 
described below: 
 
(i) 
Definitions 
 
The following terms are used in Islamic financing: 
 
Murabaha 
 
Murabaha is a sale of goods with an agreed upon profit mark-up on the cost.  
 
The arrangement is referred to as a Murabaha to the Purchase Orderer where the company sells 
to a customer a commodity or an asset, which the company has purchased and acquired, based 
on a promise received from customer. 
 
Ijarah 
 
Ijarah is a contract, or part of contractual agreement, that transfers the usufruct of an asset (the 
underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for an agreed consideration, from lessor (the 
owner of underlying asset i.e. the company) to a lessee (the customer). 
 
This may involve a hybrid Ijarah arrangement (known as Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek) which, in 
addition to the Ijarah contract, includes a promise (by the company) resulting in transfer of the 
ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee (the customer) through a sale or gift – independent 
of Ijarah Contract. 
 
 
F-50

--- Page 211 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
49 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products (continued) 
 
(i) 
Definitions (continued) 
 
Istisna’ 
 
Istisna’ is a contract of sale of specified items to be manufactured or constructed, with an 
obligation on part of the manufacturer or builder (contractor) to deliver them to the customer 
upon completion. 
 
Under this arrangement, the Group provides funds to a customer for construction of a real estate 
and/or manufacturing of any other assets. Istisna’ requires properly specifying the finished 
product. The customer is required to arrange/employ all the resources required to produce the 
specified asset(s). 
 
Mudarabah 
 
Mudarabah is a partnership in profit whereby one party provides capital (Rab al-Mal) and the 
other party provides labour (Mudarib). The Mudarib is responsible for investing such funds in a 
specific enterprise or activity in return for a pre-agreed percentage of the Mudarabah profit. In 
case of loss, the same is borne by Rab-al-Mal. The Mudarib is not liable for losses except in case 
of misconduct in respect to Mudarabah fund, negligence and breach of the terms of Mudarabah 
contract. 
 
Wakalah 
 
Wakalah is an act of one party (principal) delegating another party (the agent) to perform a 
permissible activity on his behalf. This may involve Al-Wakalah Bi Al-Istithmar, in which the 
Company appoints another person an agent to invest its funds with an intention to earn profit, in 
return for a certain fee (a lump sum of money or a percentage of the amount invested). The agent 
is obliged to return the invested amount in case of default, negligence or violation of any of the 
terms and conditions of the Wakalah. 
 
(ii) 
Accounting policy  
  
Islamic financing and investment products are measured at amortised cost, using the effective 
profit method, less any amounts written off, allowance for doubtful accounts and unearned 
income. The effective profit rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash flow 
through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period. 
Allowance for impairment is made against Islamic financing and investment products when their 
recovery is in doubt taking into consideration IFRS requirements (as explained in Note 3.14.1). 
Islamic financing and investment products are written off only when all possible courses of action 
to achieve recovery have proved unsuccessful. 
 
F-51

--- Page 212 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
50 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)  
 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products (continued) 
 
(iii) 
Revenue recognition policy 
 
Income from Islamic financing and investing assets are recognised in the consolidated statement 
of profit or loss using the effective profit method.  
 
The calculation of the effective profit rate includes all fees paid or received, transaction costs, and 
discounts or premiums that are an integral part of the effective profit rate. Transaction costs are 
incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, issue or disposal of a financial 
asset. 
 
Murabaha 
 
Murabaha income is recognised on effective profit rate basis over the period of the contract based 
on the balance outstanding. 
 
Ijarah 
 
Ijarah income is recognised on effective profit rate basis over the lease term. 
 
Mudarabah 
 
Income or losses on Mudarabah financing are recognised on an accrual basis if they can be 
reliably estimated. Otherwise, income is recognised on distribution by the Mudarib, whereas the 
losses are charged to income on their declaration by the Mudarib. 
 
Wakalah 
 
Estimated income from Wakalah is recognised on an accrual basis over the period, adjusted by 
actual income when received.  Losses are accounted for on the date of declaration by the agent. 
 
(iv) 
Islamic customers’ deposits and distributions to depositors 
 
Islamic customers’ deposits are initially measured at fair value which is normally consideration 
received net of directly attributable transaction costs incurred, and subsequently measured at their 
amortised cost using the effective profit method. 
 
Distributions to depositors (Islamic products) are calculated according to the Group’s standard 
procedures and are approved by the Group’s Internal Shari’ah Supervision Committee. 
 
 
 
F-52

--- Page 213 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
51 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)  
 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products (continued) 
 
(v) 
Profit calculation, asset allocation, mechanics of equalization of returns investment 
account holders 
 
The Group has invested all the funds generated from Investment Account Holders in 
the Financing done by way of Murabaha & Ijarah Structures, and the returns are 
managed by the Bank in a central profit pool. Subsequently the profits are allocated to 
Investment Account Holders using the Internal Shariah Supervisory Committee 
approved profit allocation mechanism for Investment Account Holders 
 
Profit Equalization Reserve: The Bank maintains a Profit Equalization Reserve (PER) 
for the purpose of smoothening the returns to the Mudarabah account holders. The 
PER is deducted from Mudarabah income before deduction of the Bank’s share. 
 
Investment Risk Reserve: The Bank maintains an Investment Risk Reserve (IRR) for 
the purpose of protecting the Mudarabah account holders from any investment losses 
in the future. The IRR is deducted from Mudarabah income after deduction of the 
Bank’s share. 
3.21 
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity 
 
Provision is made for the employees' end of service indemnity in accordance with the UAE labour 
law for their periods of service up to the financial position date. In addition, in accordance with 
the provisions of IAS 19, management has carried out an exercise to assess the present value of 
its obligations at the reporting date, using the projected unit credit method, in respect of 
employees’ end of service benefits payable under the UAE Labour Law. The expected liability 
at the date of leaving the service has been discounted to net present value using an appropriate 
discount rate based on management’s assumption of average annual increment/promotion 
costs. The present value of the obligation as at 31 December 2022 is not materially different 
from the provision computed in accordance with the UAE Labour Law. 
 
The provision arising is disclosed as ‘provision for employees’ end of service indemnity’ in 
the consolidated statement of financial position under ‘other liabilities’ (Note 18). 
 
Pension and national contribution for UAE citizens are made by the Group in accordance with 
Federal Law No. 7 of 1999 and no further liability exists. 
 
3.22 
Acceptances 
 
Acceptances are recognised as a financial liability in the consolidated statement of financial 
position with a contractual right of reimbursement from the customer as a financial asset. 
Therefore, commitments in respect of acceptances have been accounted for as financial assets 
and financial liabilities. 
 
 
 
 
F-53

--- Page 214 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
52 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)  
 
3.23 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise 
cash on hand and other balances with the UAE Central Bank (excluding statutory reserve) and 
money market placements which are maturing within three months from the value date of the 
deposit or placement. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at amortised cost in the consolidated 
statement of financial position. 
  
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty 
 
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, 
management is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates 
and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are 
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision 
affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects 
both current and future periods.   
 
 
F-54

--- Page 215 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
53 
 
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty (continued) 
 
Significant areas where management has used estimates, assumptions or exercised judgements 
are as follows: 
 
4.1 
Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at 
amortised cost and FVTOCI is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant 
assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour (e.g. the likelihood of 
customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and 
estimation techniques used in measuring Expected Credit Loss (ECL) is further detailed in 
note 43. 
 
A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements 
for measuring ECL, such as: 
 
 
Determining the criteria for significant increase in credit risk; 
 
Determining the criteria and definition of default; 
 
Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL, including 
measurement of ECL for default exposures; 
 
Establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each 
type of product/market and the associated ECL; and 
 
Establishing groups of similar financial assets for the purposes of measuring ECL.  
 
4.2 
Fair value of financial instruments 
 
Where the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded on the consolidated 
statement of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined 
using a variety of valuation techniques that include the use of mathematical models. The inputs 
to these models are derived from observable market data where possible, but where observable 
market data are not available, judgment is required to establish fair values. These include 
comparison with similar instruments where market observable prices exist, discounted cash 
flow analysis and other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants.   
 
4.3 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
Subsequent to initial recognition, the fair values of derivative financial instruments measured 
at fair value are generally obtained by reference to quoted market prices, discounted cash flow 
models, recognised market accepted pricing models and from counterparty statements. When 
prices are not available, fair values are determined by using valuation techniques which refer 
to observable market data. These include comparison with similar instruments where market 
observable prices exist, discounted cash flow analysis and other valuation techniques 
commonly used by market participants.  
 
 
 
 
F-55

--- Page 216 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
54 
 
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty (continued) 
 
4.4 
The ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts 
 
The estimation of ultimate liability arising from the claims made under insurance contracts is 
the Group’s most critical accounting estimate. There are sources of uncertainty that need to 
be considered in the estimate of the liability that the Group will eventually pay for such claims. 
Estimates have to be made at the end of the reporting period for both the expected ultimate 
cost of claims reported and for the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not reported 
(“IBNR”). Liabilities for unpaid reported claims are estimated using the input of assessments 
for individual cases reported to the Group and management estimates based on past claims 
settlement trends for the claims incurred but not reported. At the end of each reporting period, 
prior year claims estimates are reassessed for adequacy and changes are made to the provision. 
 
4.5 
Classification of the Equity Tier 1 instrument under IAS 32 
 
The Bank has issued Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital securities listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which have been classified as equity in accordance with IAS 32: Financial 
Instruments – Classification. The key features of the instruments are as follows: 
 
· no fixed date of maturity; 
· payment of interest and/or capital is solely at the discretion of the Bank; 
· the instruments are subordinated and rank just above the ordinary shareholders; and 
· these securities also allow the Bank to write-down (in whole or in part) any amounts due to 
the holders in the event of non-viability with the approval of CBUAE. 
  
The determination of equity classification of these instruments requires significant judgement 
as certain clauses, particularly the "Events of Default”, require interpretation. The Directors, 
after factoring in the clauses relating to the write-down, non-payment and subordination in the 
instrument offering document consider that the Bank will not reach the point of insolvency 
before a write-down is affected due to a non-viability event. Accordingly, such clauses were 
assessed for the purpose of determining the debt vs equity classification and appropriate 
independent advice was obtained in forming judgement around this matter.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-56

--- Page 217 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
55 
 
5 
Cash and balances with central banks  
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s cash and balances with central banks is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Cash on hand
1,249,478
1,027,306
Balances with central banks:
 Current accounts and other balances
24,413,114
9,223,621
 Statutory deposits
5,223,338 
4,456,824 
 Certificates of deposit
550,000 
2,800,000 
31,435,930
17,507,751
 
(b) 
The geographical analysis of the cash and balances with central banks is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Within the UAE
 13,859,877 
  10,336,038
Outside the UAE
 17,576,053 
7,171,713
 
 31,435,930  
17,507,751
 
(c) 
The Group is required to maintain statutory deposits with various central banks on 
demand, time and other deposits as per the statutory requirements. The statutory deposits 
are not available for use in the Group’s day-to-day operations. Cash on hand and current 
account balances are non-interest-bearing. Certificate of deposits are at an average 
interest rate of 4.5% (31 December 2021: 0.18%) per annum. 
 
 
F-57

--- Page 218 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
56 
 
6 
Deposits and balances due from banks  
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s deposits and balances due from banks is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Demand 
1,787,939
1,256,536 
Time 
27,179,445
27,716,058
28,967,384
28,972,594
Less: Allowance for impairment
(120,936)
(167,499)
28,846,448
28,805,095
 
(b) 
The above represent deposits and balances due from: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Banks within the UAE
 5,631,990 
 4,391,518
Banks outside the UAE
 23,335,394 
24,581,076
28,967,384
28,972,594
Less: Allowance for impairment
(120,936)
(167,499)
28,846,448
28,805,095
 
(c) 
Allowance for impairment movement: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At beginning of the year
167,499  
166,122
Charge during the year (Note 31)
(3,408)  
(4,404)
Interest in suspense
1,878  
5,495
Exchange rate and other adjustments
(451)  
286
Written off during the year
(44,582)  
-
At end of the year
120,936  
167,499
 
 
 
F-58

--- Page 219 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
57 
 
7 
Other financial assets  
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s other financial assets as at 31 December is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
  
 
(i) 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit and loss (FVTPL) 
 
Debt securities
1,348,137
1,548,129
Equities 
Quoted
16,667
37,668
Unquoted
707
1,113
Funds
1,286,743
686,534
2,652,254
2,273,444
(ii) 
Other financial assets measured at fair value  
through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
Debt securities
6,934,735
13,480,719
Equities
Quoted
699,587  
577,857 
Unquoted
63,117  
53,589 
 
Funds
80,072  
55,514
 
7,777,511  
14,167,679
Total other financial assets measured at fair value 
(A)
10,429,765  
16,441,123
 
 
(iii) 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost
 
 
Debt securities
16,451,362  
10,302,332
Less: Allowance for impairment
(28,415)  
(24,508)
 
Total other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost (B) 
16,422,947  
10,277,824
Total other financial assets [(A) +(B)] 
 26,852,712  
26,718,947
 
 
F-59

--- Page 220 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
58 
 
7 
Other financial assets (continued) 
 
(b) 
The geographic analysis of other financial assets is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Within the UAE
12,568,304  
10,908,883
Outside the UAE
14,312,823  
15,834,572
 26,881,127  
26,743,455
Less: Allowance for impairment
 (28,415)
(24,508)
 26,852,712 
26,718,947
 
(c) 
The analysis of other financial assets by industry sector is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Government and public sector
 14,602,907 
 15,988,557
Commercial and business
 1,194,980 
   1,402,840
Financial institutions
 11,021,809 
9,284,617
Other
 33,016 
42,933
26,852,712
26,718,947
 
(d) 
The movement of the allowance for impairment of other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost during the year was as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At the beginning of the year
24,508
21,229
Charge/(reversal) during the year (Note 31)
3,946
3,270
Exchange rate and other adjustments
(39)
9
At end of the year
28,415
24,508
 
(e) 
The fair value of other financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to AED 
16.05 billion as of 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: AED 10.47 billion) (Note 
43). 
 
(f) 
At 31 December 2022, certain financial assets measured at amortised cost, financial 
assets measured at fair value included debt securities with an aggregate carrying value  of 
AED 1,497 million (fair value of AED 1,472 million) [31 December 2021: carrying value 
of AED 2,890 million (fair value of AED 2,905 million)] which were collateralised as at 
that date against repurchase agreements with banks (“Repo”) of AED 1,305 million (31 
December 2021: AED 2,288 million).
F-60

--- Page 221 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
59 
 
7 
Other financial assets (continued) 
 
(g) 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has reviewed its portfolio and 
sold certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, resulting in a loss of 
AED 1.1 million (period ended 31 December 2021: gain of AED 51 million) on the 
sale. 
 
(h) 
As of 31 December 2022, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk for debt 
instruments measured at amortised cost. The carrying amount reflected above represents 
the Group’s maximum exposure for credit risk for such assets. 
 
(i) 
During the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, dividends received from 
financial assets measured at FVTOCI amounting to AED 34.6 million (period ended 31 
December 2021: AED 21 million) were recognised as net investment income in the 
condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
(j) 
As of 31 December 2022, change in fair value of other financial assets measured at 
FVTPL resulted in loss of AED 36 million (31 December 2021: a gain of AED 9 million) 
and was recognised as investment income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
(Note 29). 
 
(k) 
As of 31 December 2022, change in fair value of other financial assets measured at 
FVTOCI resulted in a loss of AED 1,269 million (31 December 2021: a loss of AED 174 
million) and was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
(l) 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group purchased and disposed equity 
shares amounting to AED 818 million (31 December 2021 : AED 1,526 million) and 
AED 778 million (31 December 2021 : AED 1,447 million) respectively. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-61

--- Page 222 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
60 
 
8 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s loans and advances measured at amortised cost is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Loans
72,164,096
63,354,455
Overdrafts
4,655,624
6,465,665
Credit cards
2,277,205 
1,915,726
Others
845,785 
790,801
Total
 79,942,710 
72,526,647
Less: Allowance for impairment
 (4,312,366)
(6,094,077)
75,630,344
66,432,570
 
(b) 
The analysis of loans and advances measured at amortised cost by industry sector is as 
follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Manufacturing
 16,506,087 
10,789,962
Construction
 5,722,816 
7,023,284
Trade
 14,430,399 
13,921,413
Transport and communication
 3,517,480 
3,501,279
Services
 9,901,662 
7,633,645
Financial institutions
 3,092,482 
3,147,558
Personal
 8,462,730 
8,196,625 
Residential mortgage
 8,805,210 
6,819,805
Government and related enterprises
 9,503,844 
11,493,076
 79,942,710 
72,526,647
Less: Allowance for impairment
 (4,312,366)
(6,094,077)
 
75,630,344  
66,432,570
 
 
 
F-62

--- Page 223 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
61 
 
8 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost (continued) 
 
(c) 
In certain cases, the Group continues to carry certain classified doubtful debts and 
delinquent accounts on its books which have been fully provided. Interest is accrued 
on most of these accounts for litigation purposes only. As at 31 December 2022 and 
2021, legal proceedings are pursued for some of these accounts by the Group in the 
normal course of business. 
 
(d) 
The movement during the year of the allowance for impairment and suspended interest 
of loans and advances measured at amortised cost was as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At beginning of the year
6,094,077
5,403,626
Impairment allowance for the year (Note 31)
298,051
1,529,908
Interest in suspense
211,319
150,359
Exchange rate and other adjustments
(49,525)
39,720
Written off during the year 
(2,241,556)
(1,029,536)
At end of the year
4,312,366
6,094,077
 
(e) 
In determining the recoverability of loans and advances, the Group considers any 
change in the credit quality of the loans and advances measured at amortised cost from 
the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The 
concentration of credit risk at customer level is limited due to the fact that the customer 
base is large and unrelated. 
 
(f)        At 31 December 2022, certain loans and advances measured at amortised cost with an 
aggregate carrying value of AED 1,059 million (fair value of AED 1,048 million) [31 
December 2021: carrying value of AED 1,332 million (fair value of AED 945 million)] 
were collateralised as at that date against repurchase agreements with banks (“Repo”) 
of AED 497 million (31 December 2021: AED 441 million).
F-63

--- Page 224 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
62 
 
9 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised 
cost 
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s Islamic financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Financing 
Murabaha
12,970,564
11,403,396
Ijarah
4,380,730
5,344,195
17,351,294
16,747,591
Investment 
Wakalah
372,294 
464,826
372,294 
464,826
Total
17,723,588
17,212,417
 
Less: Unearned income
 (2,581,225)
(1,532,000)
        Allowance for impairment
 (469,466)
(626,963)
 14,672,897 
15,053,454
 
(b) 
The analysis of Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised cost 
by industry sector is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Manufacturing
1,231,306 
1,878,933
Construction
 1,103,908 
1,875,799 
Trade
 849,986 
1,001,147
Transport and communication
 121,458 
291,898 
Services
2,683,957
2,692,387 
Financial institutions
 957,899 
1,098,307 
Personal
 6,840,636 
4,331,202 
Residential mortgage
 1,386,627 
1,202,193
Government and related enterprises
 2,547,811 
2,840,551
Total
 17,723,588 
17,212,417
Less: Unearned income
 (2,581,225)
(1,532,000)
Allowance for impairment
 (469,466)
(626,963)
 14,672,897 
15,053,454
 
 
F-64

--- Page 225 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
63 
 
9 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised 
cost (continued) 
 
(c) 
Allowance for impairment movement: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At beginning of the year 
626,963
407,330
Impairment allowance for the year (Note 31)
(71,452)
203,822 
Profit in suspense
23,102 
16,042 
Exchange and other adjustment
71,014 
-
Written off during the year
(180,161)
(231)
At end of the year
469,466 
626,963
 
(d)     In determining the recoverability of Islamic financing and investment products, the Group 
considers any change in the credit quality of the Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost from the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the 
reporting period. The concentration of credit risk at customer level is limited due to the fact 
that the customer base is large and unrelated.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-65

--- Page 226 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
64 
 
10 
Other assets  
 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Interest receivable
 401,445 
296,794
Property acquired in settlement of debts*
 286,830 
86,055
Prepayments
 126,933 
111,284
Positive fair value of derivatives (Note 41)
 2,623,722 
1,028,186
Insurance related receivables (net) **
 698,638 
562,465
Insurance related deferred acquisition costs
 180,952 
150,381
Credit card related receivables
 526,003 
228,299
Taxes paid in advance
 102,345 
109,041
Commission / income receivable
 45,475 
36,155
Advances to suppliers / vendors 
 158,179 
241,748
Others 
 1,648,782 
437,677
 6,799,304 
3,290,085
 
*  
As of 31 December 2022, property acquired in settlement of debts includes property with 
a book value of AED 287 million (31 December 2021: AED 202 million) against which 
a provision of AED 123 million is held (31 December 2021: AED 116 million). This 
includes some properties which are registered in the name of the Chairman on trust and 
for the benefit of the Group. 
 
** 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group has recorded a provision of AED 434 million (31 
December 2021: AED 439 million) against insurance related receivables. 
 
11 
Investment properties  
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At fair value 
At beginning of the year
462,829
449,715
Change in fair value during the year (Note 30)
2,011
13,114
At end of the year
464,840
462,829
 
All of the Group’s investment properties are held under freehold interest and located in the 
UAE. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 these were classified as level 3 in the 
fair value hierarchy. 
  
 
F-66

--- Page 227 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
65 
 
11 
Investment properties (continued) 
 
Valuation processes  
 
The fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2022 has been arrived at on the 
basis of valuations carried out by third party valuers and also are in accordance with the Royal 
Institute of Chartered Surveyor (RICS) Valuation Standards. The valuers performing the 
valuation have necessary qualifications, skills, understanding and knowledge to undertake the 
valuation competently and possess recent market experience in the valuation of properties in 
the United Arab Emirates. The valuers are not related to the Group. The fair value of the 
Group’s investment properties is based on unobservable market inputs, i.e. Level 3. 
Management has assessed the fair value of investment properties and the carrying value 
approximates the fair value as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Valuation techniques underlying management’s estimation of fair value 
 
Valuation of the Group’s investment properties was determined using either of Discounted 
Cash Flow (“DCF”), Residual valuation, or sales comparison methods based on the available 
inputs. 
 
DCF method of valuation considers expected net cash flow discounted using discount rates 
which reflect current market conditions. Residual method considers construction costs for 
development, capitalization rates based on the location, size, quality of the properties and 
market data, operational cost estimates to maintain the property for its useful life and estimated 
vacancy rates. Income capitalization method considers contracted rental income and 
capitalization rate. Sales comparison approach consider value of comparable properties in 
close proximity adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size and quality of 
interior fittings. 
 
Sensitivity on the fair value of Investment properties based on each methodology was as 
follows:  
 
For the sales comparison method, if the prices of the comparable properties were to increase 
/ decrease by 1% and considering all other assumptions to remain constant, the fair value 
would increase / decrease by +1%/-1% (31 December 2021: the fair value would increase / 
decrease by +1%/-1%). For the DCF method, if the discount rates were to increase / decrease 
by 0.25% and considering all other assumptions to remain constant, the fair value would 
increase / decrease by 2.6% / 2.4% respectively (31 December 2021: the fair value would 
increase / decrease by +3%/-3%).  As at 31 December 2022, for the residual method, if the 
capitalization rates were to increase / decrease by 0.25% and considering all other assumptions 
to remain constant, the fair value would increase / decrease by +4%/-4%. 
 
F-67

--- Page 228 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
66 
12 
Property and equipment 
 
Properties 
for own use
Furniture, 
fixtures, 
equipment & 
vehicles
Improvements 
to freehold 
properties and 
others
Right-of-use
assets
Capital 
work-in-
progress
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Cost
At 1 January 2021
1,156,507
443,886
226,231
195,076
44,828
2,066,528
Additions during the year
-
30,304
21,123
26,222
51,567
129,216
Transfers
32,525
8,502
2,100
-
(43,127)
-
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
-
(64,720)
(17,118)
(52,798)
(318)
(134,954)
At 31 December 2021
1,189,032
417,972
232,336
168,500
52,950
2,060,790
Additions during the year
177 
31,707 
40,135 
42,089 
31,924 
146,032 
Transfers
 3,945 
 1,512 
 (818)
 -  
 (4,639)
 -  
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
 (2,730)
 (36,936)
 (23,266)
 (60,212)
 -  
 (123,144)
At 31 December 2022
 1,190,424  
 
 414,255  
 
 248,387  
 
 150,377  
 
 80,235  
 
 2,083,678 
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment
At 1 January 2021
223,224 
227,928 
44,016 
104,591 
-  
599,759 
Charge for the year (Note 32)
30,018 
50,761 
32,171 
47,765 
-
160,715 
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
-
(58,948)
(12,667)
(54,165)
-
(125,780)
At 31 December 2021
253,242 
219,741 
63,520 
98,191 
-
634,694 
Charge for the year (Note 32)
 29,906 
 47,779 
 33,441 
 38,160 
 -  
 149,286
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
 (1,826)
 (30,127)
 (17,068)
 (46,766)
 -  
 (95,787)
At 31 December 2022
 281,322 
 237,393 
 79,893 
 89,585 
 -  
 688,193 
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2022
 909,102 
 176,862 
 168,494 
 60,792 
 80,235 
 1,395,485 
At 31 December 2021
935,790
198,231
168,816
70,309
52,950
1,426,096
 
F-68

--- Page 229 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
67 
13 
Intangible assets 
 
 
Software
AED’000
Cost
At 1 January 2021
600,900
Additions during the year
82,298
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
(13,544)
At 31 December 2021
669,654
Additions during the year
130,282
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
(312,289)
At 31 December 2022
487,647
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2021
306,458 
Charge for the year (Note 32)
94,854
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
(12,994)
At 31 December 2021
388,318
Charge for the year (Note 32)
124,202
Disposals/write-offs/elimination
(255,540)
At 31 December 2022
256,980
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2022
230,667
At 31 December 2021
281,336
 
F-69

--- Page 230 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
68 
14 
Deposits and balances due to banks  
 
(a) 
The analysis of deposits and balances due to banks is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Time
16,559,285
13,947,840
Demand
8,805,301
3,192,445
Overnight 
3,034,870
2,426,201
28,399,456
19,566,486
 
(b) 
The above represent deposits and balances due to banks from: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Banks within the UAE
 4,443,908 
1,761,073
Banks outside the UAE
 23,955,548 
17,805,413
 
28,399,456
19,566,486
 
15 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Repurchase agreements
1,926,182
2,729,147
 
The above repurchase agreements with banks are at an average interest rate of 3.87% (31 
December 2021: 1.14%) per annum. Collateral provided as security against these Repo 
borrowings are disclosed in Note 7(f) and 8(f)  to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
16 
Customers' deposits  
 
(a) 
The analysis of customers’ deposits is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Current and other accounts
62,482,606 
50,248,066 
Saving accounts
5,786,550 
6,109,303 
Time deposits
30,558,166
30,793,533 
98,827,322
87,150,902
F-70

--- Page 231 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
69 
16 
Customers' deposits (continued) 
 
(b) 
Analysis by industry sector: 
 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Government and public sector
 7,528,997 
 6,105,551
Commercial and business
 62,473,668 
  56,772,841
Personal
 25,463,727 
  19,846,620
Financial institutions
 3,104,591 
3,842,613
Other
 256,339 
   583,277
 98,827,322 
87,150,902
 
17 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 
(a) 
The analysis of Islamic customers’ deposits is as follows: 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Current and other accounts
3,876,915 
3,586,227 
Saving accounts
232,925 
191,227 
Time deposits
10,869,101
10,554,633
14,978,941
14,332,087
 
The amount under time deposits include AED 11 million relating to profit equalization reserve. 
 
(b) 
Analysis by industry sector: 
 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Government and public sector
 2,588,271 
 812,773
Commercial and business
 7,859,337 
     3,899,289
Personal
 2,497,201 
1,082,002
Financial institutions
 2,034,132 
 8,538,023
 14,978,941 
14,332,087
 
F-71

--- Page 232 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
70 
18 
Other liabilities  
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Interest payable
 473,596 
425,204
Negative fair value of derivatives (Note 41)
 1,699,015 
970,260
Insurance related payables
 842,335 
572,859
Accrued expenses
 955,209 
861,278
Income received in advance
 612,987 
538,702
Pay orders issued
 641,711 
533,625
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity*
 253,599 
234,980 
Provision for taxation
 120,567 
104,531 
Lease liability
 48,983 
62,280
Others
 1,733,795 
1,185,817
Allowance for impairment – off balance sheet
 871,247 
538,772
 8,253,044 
6,028,308
 
* 
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity included AED 231 million (31 
December 2021: AED 212 million) for estimated amounts required to cover employees’ 
end of service indemnity at the reporting date as per UAE Labour Law. 
 
 
The remaining amount of provision for employees’ end of service indemnity relates to 
overseas branches and subsidiaries outside UAE and is computed based on the local laws 
and regulations of respective jurisdictions. 
 
 
F-72

--- Page 233 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
71 
19 
Medium-term loans 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
Medium term notes 
5,223,565
7,315,119
 
(a) 
The maturities of the medium-term notes (MTNs) issued under the Euro Medium Term 
Note (EMTN) programme are as follows: 
 
Year 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
2022
-
2,095,531 
2023
424,148
389,753 
2024
3,944,001
3,989,012 
2025
752,951
799,917
2027
64,800
-
2029
37,665
40,906
5,223,565
7,315,119
 
Medium term notes are denominated in following currencies: 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
U.S. Dollars
3,637,992
5,254,006
Japanese Yen
409,822
593,340
Australian Dollars
50,004
53,376
Chinese Yuan
1,091,235
1,170,251
Euro
-
83,223
South African Rand
34,512
36,941
Great Britain Pound
-
123,982
 
5,223,565
7,315,119
 
The Group established a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme for USD 5 billion 
(AED 18.37 billion) under an agreement dated 15 March 2010. 
  
During the year ended 31 December 2022, AED 2 billion of medium-term notes were 
redeemed. 
 
 
F-73

--- Page 234 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
72 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Insurance contract liabilities 
Outstanding claims
 2,166,743 
2,188,676 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve
 522,641 
484,339 
Life assurance fund
 106,182 
113,442 
Unearned premium
 1,791,107 
1,346,425 
Unit linked liabilities
 1,047,652 
426,321 
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses reserve
 7,768 
7,399 
 5,642,093 
4,566,602
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Reinsurance contract assets 
Outstanding claims
 1,658,999 
1,734,884 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve
 322,448 
227,102 
Life assurance fund
 23,892 
21,502 
Unearned premium
 1,122,670 
716,478 
 3,128,009 
2,699,966
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Insurance contract liabilities-net 
Outstanding claims
 507,744 
453,792 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve
 200,193 
257,237 
Life assurance fund
 82,290 
91,940 
Unearned premium
 668,437 
629,948
Unit linked liabilities
 1,047,652 
426,321 
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses reserve
 7,768 
7,398 
 2,514,084 
1,866,636
 
   
F-74

--- Page 235 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
73 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets  (continued) 
 
20.1 Movement in the provision for outstanding claims, IBNR and unallocated loss adjustment expenses and the related reinsurers’ share 
 
2022
2021
Gross
Reinsurance
Net
Gross
Reinsurance
Net
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
At 1 January
 2,680,414 
 (1,961,987)
 718,427 
2,927,079
(2,183,195)
743,884
Derecognition on sale of subsidiary (Note 43)
 (95,310)
 72,688 
 (22,622)
-
-
-
Claims incurred during the year
 2,346,680 
(1,374,149)
 972,531 
 2,394,478 
 (1,295,860)
 1,098,618 
Claims settled during the year
 (2,234,632)
 1,282,001 
 (952,631)
 (2,641,143)
 1,517,068 
 (1,124,075)
At 31 December 
 2,697,152 
(1,981,447)
 715,705 
 2,680,414 
 (1,961,987)
 718,427 
 
20.2 Movement in life assurance fund 
 
AED’000
At 1 January 2021
108,774
Net movement during the year
(16,834)
At 31 December 2021 
91,940
Net movement during the year 
 (9,650)
At 31 December 2022 
 82,290 
 
20. 3 Movement in unit linked liabilities 
 
AED’000
At 1 January 2021
391,701
Net movement during the year
34,620
At 31 December 2021 
426,321
Transfer of unit linked life insurance portfolio (Note 43)
688,737
Net movement during the year
(67,406)
At 31 December 2022 
1,047,652
 
F-75

--- Page 236 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
74 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets 
(continued) 
 
The following table presents the sensitivity of the value of insurance contract liabilities disclosed 
in this note to movements in the assumptions used in the estimation of insurance contract 
liabilities.  For liabilities under long-term insurance contracts with fixed and guaranteed terms, 
changes in assumptions will not cause a change to the amount of liability, unless the change is 
severe enough to trigger a liability adequacy test adjustment. No losses arose in either 2022 or 
2021, based on the results of the liability adequacy test. The table below indicates the level of the 
respective variable that will trigger an adjustment and then indicates the liability adjustment 
required as a result of further deterioration in the variable. 
 
 
Change in 
assumptions
Increase /(decrease) in net 
liability 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Morality/morbidity 
+10%
533 
 518 
Discount rate
+75bps
(2,021) 
(2,541)
Morality/morbidity
-10%
(537) 
(522)
Discount rate
-75bps
2,169 
2,735 
 
21 
Issued and paid up capital and reserves  
 
(a) 
Issued and paid up capital 
 
At the general meeting held on 9 November 2021, the shareholders approved increase in the 
share capital of the Bank to AED 2,006,098,300 by issuing 23,079,007 bonus shares based on 
the existing face value of AED 10 per share, which is a non cash transaction. 
 
As at 31 December 2022, 200,609,830 ordinary shares of AED 10 each (31 December 2021: 
200,609,830 ordinary shares of AED 10 each) were fully issued and paid up. 
 
(b) 
Statutory and legal reserves 
 
In accordance with UAE Federal Law No. 32 of 2021, 10% of net profit for the year is to be 
transferred to the statutory reserve.  Such transfers to reserves may cease when they reach the 
levels established by the respective regulatory authorities (in the UAE, this level is 50% of the 
issued and paid up share capital). The legal reserve relates to the Group's foreign operations. 
Neither the statutory reserve nor the legal reserve is available for distribution. 
 
 (c) 
General reserve 
 
The general reserve is computed pursuant to the Bank’s Articles of Association and can be 
used for the purposes determined by the Annual General Meeting. 
F-76

--- Page 237 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
75 
21 
Issued and paid up capital and reserves (continued) 
 
(d) 
Currency translation reserve 
 
Exchange differences relating to the translation of the results and net assets of the Group's 
foreign operations from their functional currencies to the Group's presentation currency (i.e. 
AED), are recognised directly in consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the Currency translation reserve. Gains and losses on hedging instruments that 
are designated as hedging instruments for hedges of net investments in foreign operations are 
included in the Currency translation reserve. Exchange differences previously accumulated in 
the Currency translation reserve (in respect of translating both the net assets of foreign 
operations and hedges of foreign operations) are reclassified to the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss on the disposal or reduction of net equity via distribution of the foreign operation. 
  
(e) 
Investments revaluation reserve 
 
Investments revaluation reserve shows the effects from the fair value measurement of 
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI. The change in fair value for the year amounted to a 
loss of AED 1,269 million (31 December 2021: loss of AED 174 million) and was reflected 
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income [note 7(k)]. 
 
(f) 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
 
The cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses 
arising on changes in fair value of cross currency swap hedging instruments entered into for 
cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value for cross 
currency swap of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accumulated under the 
heading of cash flow hedging reserve will be reclassified to consolidated statement of profit 
or loss only when the hedged transaction affects the consolidated statement of profit or loss, 
or included as a basis adjustment to the non-financial hedged item, consistent with the Group’s 
accounting policy.   
 
 (g) 
Dividends on equity instruments 
 
At the Annual General Meeting of the shareholders held on 20 April 2022, the shareholders 
approved a cash dividend of 10% for the year ended 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: 
cash dividend of nil) of the issued and paid up capital amounting to AED 201 million.  
F-77

--- Page 238 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
76 
22 
Non-controlling interests  
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At beginning of the year  
796,062
757,680
Share of profit for the year (Note 36)
79,904
73,508
Share of other comprehensive income for the year
37,495
12,024
Dividend paid
(32,826)
(32,825)
Transaction with NCI
(3,320)
(14,325)
At end of the year 
877,315
796,062
 
23 
Contingent liabilities and commitments 
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s contingent liabilities and commitments is as follows: 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
 
Guarantees
31,075,131
33,706,515
Letters of credit    
15,698,423
15,785,785
Commitments for capital expenditure
183,940
290,668
46,957,494
49,782,968
 
(b) 
Irrevocable undrawn credit facilities commitments as at 31 December 2022 amounted to 
AED 10.59 billion (31 December 2021: AED 7.95 billion). 
 
The analysis of contingent liabilities and commitments by geographic region and industry 
sector is shown in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
F-78

--- Page 239 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
77 
24 
Interest income  
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
 
Loans and advances 
 3,856,803 
2,647,739
Banks  
 1,248,546 
689,138
Central banks 
 351,223 
73,641
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost 
 534,711 
469,375
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
 423,658 
371,931
 
 6,414,941 
4,251,824
 
25 
Income from Islamic financing and investment products 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Financing 
Murabaha
461,820 
302,081
Ijarah
 184,550 
154,190 
Other
 1,327 
4,512 
 647,697 
460,783
 
Investment 
Wakalah
 23,943 
14,470 
 23,943 
14,470 
Total
671,640
475,253
 
26 
Interest expense  
 
 
2022  
2021
 
AED’000  
AED’000
 
 
 
Customers’ deposits 
 1,379,559  
927,886
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 571,838  
301,234
Medium-term loans 
 287,867  
276,584
Subordinated debt 
 15,631  
-
 
 2,254,895  
1,505,704
 
27 
Distribution to depositors – Islamic products 
 
This represents the share of income allocated to depositors of the Group.  The allocation and 
distribution to depositors is approved by the Group’s Internal Shari’ah Supervision Committee. 
 
F-79

--- Page 240 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
78 
28 
Net fee and commission income 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
Fee and commission income
Commission income
619,618 
588,614
Insurance commission
217,983 
228,609
Fees and charges on banking services
826,134 
667,576
Credit card related fees
2,168,032 
1,720,244
Others
212,363 
213,043
Total
 4,044,130 
3,418,086
Fee and commission expenses
Commission expense
 (72,625)
(34,553)
Insurance commission
 (335,992)
(327,286)
Credit card related expenses
 (1,749,568)
(1,356,517) 
Others
 (144,769)
(122,931)
Total
 (2,302,954)
(1,841,287)
 
Net fee and commission income
1,741,176
1,576,799
 
29 
Net investment income 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
Net realised gain from sale of other financial assets 
 measured at FVTPL 
38,757 
28,305 
Unrealised (loss)/gain on other financial assets  
 measured at FVTPL [Note 7(j)]
(36,119)
8,521 
Dividend income from other financial assets measured 
 at FVTPL
858 
1,041
Net realised gain from sale of other financial assets    
 measured at amortised cost / FVTOCI
53,783 
117,603
Dividend income from other financial assets measured 
at  FVTOCI [Note 7 (i)]
34,615 
21,337
 91,894 
176,807
 
F-80

--- Page 241 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
79 
30 
Other income, net  
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
 
Foreign exchange gains 
417,959  
472,228 
Insurance related income (Note 36)
538,479  
454,995 
Gain/(loss) on disposal of property and equipment
341  
(3,447)
Unrealised gain on derivatives
58,612  
30,724
Unrealised gain on investment properties (Note 11)
2,011  
13,114
Others
73,589  
39,363
1,090,991  
1,006,977
 
31 
Allowances for impairment, net 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Deposits and balances due from banks [Note 6(c)]
(3,408)
(4,404)
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost 
[Note 7(d)]
3,946
3,270
Other financial assets measured at FVTOCI
21
3,372
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost [Note 
8(d)]
298,051
1,529,908
Islamic financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost [Note 9(c)]
(71,452)
203,822
Other assets
10,964
23,905
Change in impairment allowance on off-balance sheet 
items
332,374
75,058
Loans and advances including Islamic financing and 
investment products measured at amortized cost 
written off
275,215
408,412
Recovery of loans and advances including Islamic 
financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost previously written off
(348,233)
(184,717)
497,478
2,058,626
 
32 
General and administrative expenses  
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
 
 
Salaries and employees related expenses
1,765,340 
  1,466,741
Depreciation on property and equipment (Note 12)
149,286 
160,715
Amortisation on intangible assets (Note 13)
124,202 
94,854
Social contribution
941 
1,785
Others
1,026,487 
  898,862
 3,066,256  
2,622,957
F-81

--- Page 242 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
80 
33 
Earnings per share  
 
The basic and diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net (loss) / profit 
attributable to owners of the Parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue 
during the year.  
 
2022
2021
 
Profit for the year (AED'000)  
   (Attributed to owners of the Parent)
3,706,293
 
  1,002,203
Number of ordinary shares outstanding [Note 
21(a)]
    200,609,830
 
   200,609,830
Basic and diluted earnings per share (AED)
18.48
5.00
 
In accordance with IAS 33 “Earnings Per Share”, the impact of bonus shares issued have been 
considered retrospectively while computing the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
during all periods presented. 
 
34 
Proposed dividends  
 
The board of Directors has proposed a 90% cash dividend for the year ended 31 December  2022 
at their meeting held on 30 January 2023. 
 
 
35 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, current accounts and other balances with 
central bank, certificates of deposits, balances with banks and money market placements which 
are maturing within three months from the value date of the deposit or placement, as below.  
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
 
 
Cash on hand
1,249,478
1,027,306
Current accounts and other balances with central banks
 24,413,114 
9,223,621
Certificates of deposit maturing within 3 months
 550,000 
2,800,000
Deposits and balances due from banks maturing  
   within 3 months
 
12,292,614 
 
8,251,111
38,505,206
21,302,038
F-82

--- Page 243 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
81 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates 
 
(a) 
At 31 December 2022, Mashreqbank PSC Group (the “Group”) comprises the Bank and 
the following direct subsidiaries, associates and joint venture:  
 
Name 
Place of incorporation 
(or registration) and 
operation 
Proportion of 
ownership 
interest  
Principal activity 
Subsidiary 
% 
Oman Insurance Company 
(PSC)  
United Arab Emirates 
64.46 
Insurance & reinsurance 
Mindscape FZ LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
IT services 
Mashreq Securities LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Brokerage 
Mashreq Capital (DIFC) LimitedUnited Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Brokerage and asset & 
fund  management  
Mashreq Al Islami Finance 
Company  (PJSC) 
United Arab Emirates 
99.80 
Islamic finance company
Injaz Services FZ LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Service provider 
Invictus Limited 
Cayman Islands 
100.00 
Special purpose vehicle 
Al Taqania Employment 
Services One Person Company 
LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Al Kafaat Employment Services 
One Person Company LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Mashreq for Business Process 
Support (Sole Person 
Company) 
Egypt 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Mashreq Global Services (SMC 
private) Limited 
Pakistan 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Shorouq Commodities Trading 
DMCC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Trading 
IDFAA Payment Services LLC United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Payment service provider
Osool – A Finance Company 
(PJSC) * 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Finance  
Associate 
 
 
 
Emirates Digital Wallet LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
23.61 
Digital wallet service 
Joint venture 
 
 
 
Noon Digital Pay LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
51.00 
Digital wallet service 
* Under liquidation 
F-83

--- Page 244 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
82 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued) 
 
(b) 
Financial details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank are as follows: 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Profit allocated to non-
controlling interest 
Accumulated non- 
controlling interests 
2022
2021  
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000
 
Oman Insurance Company 
(PSC)
79,459
73,077
874,377
789,970
Individually immaterial 
subsidiaries with non - 
controlling interests
445
 
431 
2,938
6,092
 
79,904
73,508 
877,315
796,062
 
(c) 
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL include investments by Oman Insurance 
Company PSC amounting to AED 1,064 million (31 December 2021: AED 447 million).  
 
(d) 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group sold investments held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income amounting to AED 259 million at the time of sale 
(31 December 2021: AED 154 million). The Group realised a loss of AED 4 million (31 
December 2021: loss of  AED 6 million) which was transferred to retained earnings. 
 
F-84

--- Page 245 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
83 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued) 
 
(e) 
Below is the summarised financial information of Oman Insurance Company (PSC) 
Group, the only subsidiary in which there is a material non-controlling interest. The 
financial information represents balances before intra-group eliminations. 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Statement of financial position 
Total assets 
9,203,878
7,555,814
Total liabilities 
6,743,363
5,332,820
Net equity  
2,460,515
2,222,994
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Statement of comprehensive income 
Gross insurance premium
 4,389,864 
3,538,930 
Less: Insurance premium ceded to reinsurers
 (2,818,929)
(1,953,527)
Net retained premium
 1,570,935 
1,585,403 
Net change in unearned premium and mathematical 
reserve
 (59,925)
(31,791)
Net earned insurance premium 
 1,511,010 
1,553,612 
Gross claims settled
 (2,234,632)
(2,641,143)
Insurance claims recovered from reinsurers
 1,282,001 
1,517,068 
Net claims settled 
 (952,631)
(1,124,075)
Net change in outstanding claims and additional 
reserve
 (19,900)
 25,457 
Net claims incurred 
 (972,531)
(1,098,618)
Insurance related income (Note 30) 
 538,479 
454,994 
Net commission and other loss
 (69,687)
(55,976)
Net investment income
 126,042 
138,323 
Net expenses
 (371,233)
(331,216)
Profit for the year
 223,601 
206,125 
Other comprehensive income 
 100,430 
38,056 
Total comprehensive income  
 324,031 
244,181 
 
Statement of cash flows 
Net cash generated from operating activities
 314,819 
53,562
Net cash generated from investing activities
 (187,089)
17,184
Net cash used in financing activities
 (98,166)
(97,940)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
 29,564 
(27,194)
 
 
 
F-85

--- Page 246 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
84 
37 
Related party transactions  
 
(a) 
Certain “related parties” (such as directors, key management personnel and major 
shareholders of the Group and companies of which they are principal owners) are 
customers of the Group in the ordinary course of business. Transactions with such related 
parties are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, 
as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with external customers 
and parties.  Such related party transactions are disclosed below.   
 
(b) 
Related party balances included in the consolidated statement of financial position are as 
follows: 
2022 
 
2021
 
AED’000 
AED’000
Balances with major shareholders
Loans and advances
3,216,692  
2,810,150  
Deposits / financial instruments under lien
1,198,230  
1,029,236  
Letter of credit and guarantees
1,449,059  
1,854,305  
 
Balances with directors and key management 
personnel
 
Loans and advances
135,248  
125,107  
Deposits / financial instruments under lien
364,835  
230,884  
Letter of credit and guarantees
251  
5,369  
 
 
Balances with associates and joint venture
 
 
Deposits / financial instruments under lien
99,372 
- 
Letter of credit and guarantees
25,000 
- 
 
(c) 
Profit/(loss) for the year includes related party transactions as follows: 
 
Transactions with major shareholders
Interest income
104,007  
79,407  
Interest expense
962  
891  
Other income
33,427  
33,984  
 
Transactions with directors and key management 
personnel
 
Interest income
3,419  
2,011  
Interest expense
601  
71  
Other income
302  
341  
 
 
Transactions with associates and joint venture
 
 
Other income
2 
- 
 
(d) 
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly.  
 
Compensation of key management personnel comprises of salaries, bonuses and other 
benefits amounted in total to AED 55 million (31 December 2021: AED 50 million). 
F-86

--- Page 247 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
85 
38 
Concentration of assets, liabilities and off balance sheet items 
 
(a) 
Geographic regions 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021
 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
UAE.
98,626,565
99,469,999
31,705,164
89,063,593
74,602,940
26,291,091
Other Middle East Countries
41,399,887
30,429,015
4,139,766
37,079,026
31,949,362
8,772,586
O.E.C.D.
32,031,472
24,415,318
5,016,388
19,846,199
29,787,617
6,264,462
Others
26,753,319
20,078,272
5,912,236
31,064,791
19,689,404
8,164,161
 
198,811,243
174,392,604
46,773,554
177,053,609
156,029,323
49,492,300
 
(b) 
Industry Sectors 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000 
AED’000
Government and public sector
 26,129,153 
 10,508,040 
 63,269 
29,948,837
7,194,809
44,682
Commercial & business
 61,754,577 
 79,056,754 
 31,833,750 
58,533,228
74,139,651
34,386,637
Personal
 23,397,222 
 28,716,545 
 214,634 
19,243,040
21,504,238
480,376
Financial institutions
 85,167,327 
 54,627,754 
 14,614,287 
67,234,890
51,993,297
14,374,179
Others
 2,362,964 
 1,483,511 
 47,614 
2,093,614
1,197,328
206,426
 
 198,811,243 
 174,392,604 
 46,773,554 
177,053,609
156,029,323
49,492,300
F-87

--- Page 248 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
86 
39 
Segmental information  
 
Reportable segments  
 
IFRS 8 – Operating Segments – requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of 
internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their performance. 
 
Reportable segments  
 
Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports about the components of the 
Group that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s CEO (the Group’s chief operating decision 
maker) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance. Information 
reported to the Group’s CEO for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of 
performance is based on following strategic business units offering products and services to 
different markets. 
 
The Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are therefore as follows: 
 
(i) 
Wholesale segment comprises of corporate and commercial banking. It also includes 
global Financial Institution and corporate business. It offers complete suite of corporate 
banking products such as Trade finance, contracting finance, project finance, investment 
banking, cash management, correspondent banking and Islamic products.  
(ii) 
The Retail segment includes products and services offered to individuals or small 
businesses within U.A.E. and Egypt. The product offerings to customers include, current 
accounts, savings accounts, fixed deposits, investment products, “Mashreq Millionaire” 
deposits, personal loans, mortgage loans, business loans, credit cards with unique loyalty 
programs, bank assurance, overdraft, priority banking, SME, private banking, wealth 
management services and Islamic products. 
(iii) 
The Treasury & Capital Markets segment consists of customer flow business and 
proprietary business and funding centre management. Customer flow business includes 
transactions for foreign exchange, derivatives, margin FX, futures, hedging, investment 
products, domestic equities (brokerage) and asset management undertaken on behalf of 
customers. The proprietary business includes trading and investing activity undertaken 
on behalf of the Group.  
(iv) 
The Insurance subsidiary, Oman Insurance Company (PSC) Group – comprises the 
Insurance segment. The product offerings to customers include life, health, motor, marine 
cargo and hull, aviation, fire and general accident, engineering, liability and personal lines 
insurance.  
(v) 
Other consists of Head office and certain investments and assets held centrally due to 
their strategic significance to the Group. 
 
 
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting 
policies. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of 
general and administrative expenses, allowances for impairment and tax expenses.
F-88

--- Page 249 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
87 
 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Reportable segments (continued) 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
Wholesale
Retail
Treasury & 
capital markets
Insurance
Other
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Net interest income and earnings from Islamic 
products
 2,226,099 
 1,658,328 
 355,392
 85,507 
 246,632
 4,571,958
Non-interest income, net
 947,539
 1,178,426 
 262,685
 478,421 
 56,990 
 2,924,061
Operating income
 3,173,638 
 2,836,754 
 618,077
 563,928 
 303,622
 7,496,019
General and administrative expenses
 (1,025,628)
 (1,494,899)
 (145,398)
 (323,829)
 (76,502)
 (3,066,256)
Operating profit before impairment 
 4,429,763
Allowances for impairment, net
 (497,478)
Profit before tax 
3,932,285
Tax expense 
(146,088)
Profit  for the year 
3,786,197
Attributable to:
Owners of the Parent
3,706,293
Non-controlling interests
79,904
3,786,197
Segment Assets
 95,593,672 
 25,718,464 
 48,696,901 
 9,161,326
 19,640,880 
 198,811,243
Segment Liabilities
 84,194,570 
 52,527,388 
 18,153,742 
 6,719,595
 12,797,309 
 174,392,604
F-89

--- Page 250 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022(continued) 
 
88 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Reportable segments (continued) 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
Wholesale
Retail
Treasury & 
capital markets
Insurance
Other
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Net interest income and earnings from Islamic 
products
1,562,122 
1,086,880 
201,661
81,381 
113,445
3,045,489
Non-interest income, net
953,494
940,995
416,704
453,230 
(3,840)
2,760,583 
Operating income
2,515,616 
2,027,875 
618,365
534,611 
109,604
5,806,072
General and administrative expenses
(920,900)
(1,194,874)
(119,458)
(301,825)
(85,900)
(2,622,957)
Operating profit before impairment 
3,183,115
Allowances for impairment, net
(2,058,626)
Profit before tax 
1,124,489
Tax expense 
(48,778)
Profit  for the year 
1,075,711
Attributable to:
Owners of the Parent
1,002,203
Non-controlling interests
73,508
1,075,711
Segment Assets
91,161,891
20,196,817
36,960,425
7,466,493
21,267,983
177,053,609
Segment Liabilities
73,409,026
40,687,894
21,157,080
5,305,995
15,469,327
156,029,322
F-90

--- Page 251 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
89 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Geographical information 
 
The Group operates in four principal geographical areas – UAE. (country of domicile), other 
Middle East Countries (Kuwait, Bahrain, Egypt and Qatar), O.E.C.D. (USA and UK) and other 
countries (India and Hong Kong).  
 
The Group’s revenue from continuing operations from external customers and information about 
its non-current assets by geographical location are detailed below: 
 
Operating income 
from external customers *
Non-current assets ** 
2022
2021
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
UAE
6,107,859
4,711,137 
2,005,865
2,062,938
Other Middle East countrie
921,280
810,728 
57,079
76,036
O.E.C.D.
324,746
173,383 
20,045
22,250
Other countries
142,134
110,824 
8,003
9,037
 
7,496,019
5,806,072
2,090,992
2,170,261
 
*  
Operating income from external customers is based on the Group’s operational centres. 
 
**  
Non-current assets include property & equipment, intangible assets and investment 
properties. The additions to non-current assets during the year relate to property & 
equipment and intangible assets which has been disclosed in note 12 and 13. Refer to note 
12 and 13 for depreciation and amortisation. 
 
Revenue from major products and services 
 
Revenue from major products and services are disclosed in Notes 24, 25, 28, 29 and 30 in the 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
Information about major customers 
 
No single customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021. 
F-91

--- Page 252 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
90 
40 
Classification of financial assets and liabilities 
 
(a) 
The table below sets out the Group’s classification of each class of financial assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2022: 
 
FVTPL
FVTOCI 
Amortised
 cost
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Financial assets:
Cash and balances with central banks
 -
 -
 31,435,930
 31,435,930 
Deposits and balances due from banks
 -
 -
 28,846,448
 28,846,448 
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value
 2,652,254
 7,777,511 
 -
 10,429,765 
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
 -
 -
 16,422,947
 16,422,947 
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost
 -
 -
 75,630,344
 75,630,344 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised cost
 -
 -
 14,672,897
 14,672,897 
Acceptances
 9,310,974 
 9,310,974
Other assets
 2,623,722
 -
 3,765,352 
 6,389,074
Total 
 5,275,976
 7,777,511 
 180,084,892
 193,138,379
 
Financial liabilities:
Deposits and balances due to banks
-
-
28,399,456
28,399,456
Repurchase agreements with banks
-
-
1,926,182
1,926,182
Customers' deposits
-
-
98,827,322
98,827,322
Islamic customers’ deposits
-
-
14,978,941
14,978,941
Acceptances
-
-
9,310,974
9,310,974
Other liabilities
1,699,015
-
4,724,540
6,423,555
Medium-term loans
-
-
5,223,565
5,223,565
Subordinated debt
-
-
1,831,027
1,831,027
Total 
1,699,015
-
165,222,007
166,921,022
 
 
F-92

--- Page 253 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
91 
40 
Classification of financial assets and liabilities (continued) 
 
(b) 
The table below sets out the Group’s classification of each class of financial assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2021: 
 
FVTPL
FVTOCI 
Amortised
 cost
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Financial assets: 
Cash and balances with central banks
 -  
  -  
  17,507,751  
17,507,751 
Deposits and balances due from bank
 -  
  -  
28,805,095  
28,805,095 
Other financial assets measured at  
  fair value 
2,273,444 
14,167,679 
-
16,441,123 
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
-
-
10,277,824 
10,277,824 
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost 
-
-
66,432,570 
66,432,570 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised 
cost 
-
-
15,053,454 
15,053,454 
Acceptances 
14,340,671 
14,340,671 
Other assets
1,028,186 
-
1,887,183 
2,915,369 
Total 
3,301,630 
14,167,679 
154,304,548 
171,773,857 
Financial liabilities: 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 - 
 - 
 19,566,486 
 19,566,486 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 - 
 - 
 2,729,147 
 2,729,147 
Customers' deposits
 - 
 - 
 87,150,902 
 87,150,902 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 - 
 - 
 14,332,087 
 14,332,087 
Acceptances 
 14,340,671 
 14,340,671 
Other liabilities
 970,260 
 - 
 3,606,976 
 4,577,236 
Medium-term loans 
 - 
 - 
 7,315,119 
 7,315,119 
Total 
 970,260 
 -  
 149,041,388 
 150,011,648 
 
F-93

--- Page 254 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
92 
41 
Derivatives 
 
 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group utilises the following derivative financial 
instruments for both trading and hedging purposes. These derivative financial instruments are 
based on observable market inputs i.e. Level 2. 
 
(a) 
Swaps are commitments to exchange one set of cash flows for another.  For interest rate 
swaps, counter-parties generally exchange fixed and floating rate interest payments in a 
single currency without exchanging principal. For currency swaps, fixed interest 
payments and principal are exchanged in different currencies. For cross-currency rate 
swaps, principal, fixed and floating interest payments are exchanged in different 
currencies. 
 
(b) 
Credit Default Swap (CDS) is a swap contract in which the buyer of the CDS makes a 
series of payments to the seller and, in exchange, receives a payoff if a debt instrument 
goes into default and fails to pay. 
 
(c) 
Forwards and futures are contractual agreements to either buy or sell a specified currency, 
commodity or financial instrument at a specified price and date in the future.  Forwards 
are customised contracts transacted in the over-the-counter market. Foreign currency and 
interest rate futures are transacted in standardised amounts on regulated exchanges and 
changes in futures contract values are marked to market daily. 
 
(d) 
Forward rate agreements are similar to interest rate futures, but are individually 
negotiated. They call for a cash settlement for the difference between a contracted interest 
rate and the market rate on a specified future date, on a notional principal for an agreed 
period of time. 
 
(e) 
Options are contractual agreements under which the seller (writer) grants the purchaser 
(holder) the right, but not the obligation, to either buy or sell at fixed future date or at any 
time during a specified period, a specified amount of a currency, commodity or financial 
instrument at a pre-determined price. 
 
The Group measures a net Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) on outstanding OTC derivative 
contracts to account for market value of ‘credit risk’ due to any failure to perform on contractual 
agreements by a counterparty. CVA is computed on all OTC derivatives asset classes including 
Foreign Exchange, Interest Rates, Equities and Commodities etc. CVA ensure derivatives 
transactions are priced or/and adequate reserves are built to account for expected credit losses in 
the derivatives portfolios. CVA is a function of our expected exposure to counterparts, 
probability of default and recovery rates. Internally the Group manages and monitor the exposure 
to this risk by defining controls and limits around a ‘peak future exposure’ (PFE) measure and in 
many cases by collateralizing facilities under Credit Support Annex (CSA).  
 
F-94

--- Page 255 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
93 
41 
Derivatives (continued) 
 
31 December 2022 
 
Notional amount by term to maturity 
 
Positive
fair value 
Negative 
 fair value 
Notional 
amount 
Up to 
3 months
3 – 6 
months 
6 – 12
 months 
1 – 5 
years 
Over 5 
Years 
 
      AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
Derivatives held for trading:
Forward foreign exchange 
contract
 560,057 
 380,540 
 73,311,757 
 59,363,324 
 6,767,806 
 4,060,475 
 3,045,147 
 75,005 
Foreign exchange options 
(bought)
 9,713 
 9,703 
 448,587 
 115,515 
 333,072 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign exchange options (sold)
 -  
 -  
 210,948 
 47,908 
 163,040 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Interest rate swaps
 1,933,379 
 1,148,720 
 28,167,946 
 534,870 
 43,384 
 2,052,489 
 12,185,314 
 13,351,889 
Credit default swaps
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
Futures contracts purchased 
(Customer)
 75,556 
 369 
 818,767 
 733,023 
 85,744 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures contracts sold (Customer)
 909 
 3,143 
 192,811 
 192,811 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures contracts purchased 
(Bank)
 369 
 75,556 
 818,767 
 733,023 
 85,744 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures contracts sold (Bank)
 3,143 
 909 
 192,811 
 192,811 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total
 2,583,126 
 1,618,940 
104,162,394 
 61,913,285 
 7,478,790 
 6,112,964 
 15,230,461 
 13,426,894 
Held as fair value / cash flow 
hedge: 
Cross-currency swap
 40,596 
 80,075 
 1,822,469 
 -  
 31,220 
 16,528 
 1,696,574 
 78,147 
Total
 2,623,722 
 1,699,015 
105,984,863 
 61,913,285 
 7,510,010 
 6,129,492 
 16,927,035 
 13,505,041 
 
 
F-95

--- Page 256 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
94 
41 
Derivatives (continued) 
 
31 December 2021 
 
Notional amount by term to maturity 
 
Positive
fair value 
Negative 
 fair 
value 
Notional 
amount 
Up to 
3 months
3 – 6 
months 
6 – 12
 months 
1 – 5 
years 
Over 5 
Years 
      AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Derivatives held for trading:
Forward foreign exchange 
contract
249,452 
194,982 
56,973,978 
30,699,732 
12,574,299 
10,090,188 
3,532,013 
77,923 
Foreign exchange options 
(bought)
 
-  
 
336 
1,880,243 
 
1,566,326 
 
31,640 
 
282,276 
 
-  
 
-  
Foreign exchange options 
(sold)
513 
-  
1,622,613 
1,565,979 
31,640 
24,994 
-  
-  
Interest rate swaps
606,997
662,173 
34,035,738 
907,988 
377,668 
5,252,582 
13,526,998 
13,970,503 
Credit default swaps
237 
271 
55,095 
-   
-  
-  
55,095  
-  
Futures contracts purchased 
(Customer)
 
47,450 
 
23,481 
 
1,208,485 
 
802,997 
 
1,659 
 
403,828 
 
-  
 
-  
Futures contracts sold 
(Customer)
142 
1,301 
47,595 
28,634 
18,961 
-  
-  
-  
Futures contracts purchased 
(Bank)
 
1,301 
 
142 
 
47,595 
 
28,634 
 
18,961 
 
-  
 
-  
 
-  
Futures contracts sold (Bank)
23,481 
47,451 
1,217,320 
811,833 
1,659 
403,828 
-  
-  
Total
929,573 
930,137 
97,088,662 
36,412,123 
13,056,487 
16,457,696 
17,114,106 
14,048,426 
Held as fair value / cash flow 
hedge: 
Cross-currency swap
98,613 
40,123 
1,960,813 
22,620 
-  
-  
1,795,204 
150,359 
Total
1,028,186 
970,260 
99,049,475 
36,434,743 
13,056,487 
16,457,696 
18,909,310 
14,198,785 
F-96

--- Page 257 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
95 
 
42 
Capital management 
 
The Group’s objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the ‘equity’ on 
the face of the consolidated statement of financial position, are: 
 
 
To comply with the capital requirements set by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS) and the regulators of the banking markets where the entities within 
the Group operate; 
 
 
To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to 
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and 
 
 
To maintain a strong capital base and capital buffer to support the development of its 
business and provide adequate cushion to withstand a variety of stress scenarios and/or 
unforeseen risks. 
 
Regulatory capital 
 
On June 26, 2012, the BCBS issued the Basel III rules on the information banks must publicly 
disclose when detailing the composition of their capital, which set out a framework to ensure that 
the components of banks capital bases are publicly disclosed in standardised formats across and 
within jurisdictions for banks subject to Basel III. 
 
Basel III is designed to materially improve the quality of regulatory capital and introduces a new 
minimum common equity capital requirement. Basel III also raises the minimum capital 
requirements and introduces capital conservation and countercyclical buffers to induce banks to 
hold capital in excess of regulatory minimums.  
 
The Central Bank of the UAE sets and monitors capital requirements for the Group as a whole. 
The Parent company and overseas banking operations are directly supervised by their local 
regulators. In February 2017, the Central Bank of the UAE published enhanced regulatory capital 
rules vide notifications 52 and 60/2017 which implemented Basel III in the UAE. 
 
The Group’s regulatory capital is analysed into two tiers, in line with the Central Bank regulation: 
 
 Tier 1 capital, split into Common equity tier 1 (CET 1) which includes issued and paid-
up share capital, retained earnings, statutory and legal reserves, accumulated other 
comprehensive income and Additional tier 1 (AT 1) comprising of instrument issued by 
banks which are eligible for inclusion on AT 1 and are not included in CET 1.  
 
 Tier 2 capital, which includes general provisions (Collective allowance for impairment 
subject to a limit of 1.25% of Credit Risk Weighted Assets), qualifying subordinated 
liabilities not part of CET 1. 
 
 
F-97

--- Page 258 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
96 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
 
 Regulatory adjustment is applied in CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 capital consisting mainly of 
goodwill and other intangibles, deferred tax assets, cash flow hedge reserve. Additionally, 
threshold deduction is applied in case of exceeding the threshold limit. 
 
As per the Central bank regulation for Basel III, the capital requirement as at 31 December 2022 
is 13% inclusive of capital conservation buffer. 
 
The Bank is required to comply with the following minimum requirement: 
 
(i) 
CET1 must be at least 7% of risk weighted assets (RWA); 
(ii) 
Tier 1 capital must be at least 8.5% of risk weighted assets (RWA); and 
(iii) 
Total capital, calculated as sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital must be at least 10.5% 
of risk weighted assets (RWA). 
(iv) 
In addition, banks are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.5% 
of risk weighted assets (RWA) in the form of CET 1 
 
The Group’s assets are risk-weighted as to their relative credit, market, and operational risk. 
Credit risk includes both on and off-balance sheet risks. Market risk is defined as the risk of 
losses in on and off-balance sheet positions arising from movements in market prices and  
includes interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, equity exposure risk, commodity risk, and 
options risk. Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people or systems, or from external events. 
 
 
F-98

--- Page 259 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
97 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
   
As part of its Capital Management, the Bank conducts an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (ICAAP) to demonstrate to the Central Bank of the UAE that the Bank has implemented 
methods and procedures to ensure adequate capital resources and action plans in stress conditions, 
with due attention to all material risks. The Central Bank of the UAE conducts a Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) to assess the soundness of the Bank's ICAAP. 
 
The Group’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain market confidence and 
to sustain future development of the business. The impact of the level of capital on shareholders’ 
return is also recognised and the Group recognises the need to maintain a balance between the 
higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the advantages and security 
afforded by a sound capital position.  Historically the Group has followed a conservative dividend 
policy to increase capital from internal resources to meet future growth. To further strengthen the 
capital base and to ensure effective management of capital, the Group has issued medium-term 
floating rates notes. 
 
The Group and its individually regulated operations have complied with all externally imposed 
capital requirements throughout the year. 
 
There have been no material changes in the Group’s management of capital during the year. 
  
 
 
F-99

--- Page 260 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
98 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
     
Regulatory capital (continued) 
 
(a) 
The Group’s regulatory capital positions as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 were as follows: 
 
2022 
 
2021 
AED’000 
 
 AED’000  
Common equity Tier 1 capital 
 
 
Issued and paid up capital
2,006,098
2,006,098
Statutory and legal reserve
1,027,494
1,012,320
General reserve
312,000
312,000
Currency translation reserve
(130,804)
(116,116)
Investments revaluation reserve
(1,813,781)
(547,489)
Retained earnings
19,232,928
17,360,802
Less: Regulatory deductions 
(214,364) 
(241,729) 
Total (A) 
20,419,571 
19,785,886
Additional Tier 1 capital 
1,101,900 
-
 
Total Tier 1 capital (B) 
21,521,471 
19,785,886
 
 
Tier 2 capital 
 
Subordinated debt
1,831,027 
-
General provision 
1,800,412 
1,693,975
Total
3,631,439 
1,693,975
Total capital base (C)
25,152,910 
21,479,861
 
 
Credit risk 
144,032,961 
135,518,028
Market risk 
2,655,216 
3,206,199
Operational risk
10,319,049 
9,444,817
Total risk-weighted assets (D)
157,007,226 
148,169,044
Capital adequacy ratio [(C)/(D) x 100]
16.02% 
14.50%
 
 
 
F-100

--- Page 261 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
99 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
 
Capital allocation 
 
The allocation of capital between specific operations and activities is, to a large extent, driven by 
optimisation of the return achieved on the capital allocated. The amount of capital allocated to 
each operation or activity is based on the inherent risk it carries. The process of allocating capital 
to specific operations and activities is undertaken independently of those responsible for the 
operation, by Finance and Risk Groups, and is subject to review by the Bank’s Assets and 
Liabilities Committee (ALCO) as appropriate.  
 
Although maximisation of the return on risk-adjusted capital is the principal basis used in 
determining how capital is allocated within the Group to particular operations or activities, it is 
not the sole basis used for decision making. Account also is taken of synergies with other 
operations and activities, the availability of management and other resources, and the fit of the 
activity with the Group’s longer term strategic objectives. The Group’s policies in respect of 
capital management and allocation are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors. 
 
F-101

--- Page 262 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
100 
 
43 
Risk management 
 
The Risk Management Group (“RMG”) is responsible for identifying, analysing, measuring, and 
managing risk to ensure that the Group (i) remains within its risk appetite; and (ii) generates 
sustainable risk-adjusted returns as mandated by the shareholders. 
 
The Group is exposed to the following material risks: 
 
 
Credit risk 
 
Market risk 
 
Operational risk 
 
Liquidity risk  
 
Climate risk  
 
The Group’s ability to consistently foster a robust risk management culture and framework is an 
important factor in its financial strength and stability. 
 
Risk Management Framework 
 
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) through the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) has overall 
responsibility for establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management framework. They 
are assisted by various management committees including the Executive Management 
Committee (“ExCo”), Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”), Assets and Liabilities Committee 
(“ALCO”), Regulatory Compliance Committee (“RCC”) and Information Security Committee 
(“ISC”). These committees are appointed by the Board and assist the Board in management of 
risk in the Group including review and approval of all risk management policies. 
 
While the Board carries ultimate responsibility for overall risk management, the ERC assists the 
Board/Board Risk Committee in discharging these responsibilities including identifying, 
analyzing, assessing, treating, monitoring and communicating the risks associated with all 
activities, functions and processes within the Group including recommending the Group’s overall 
Risk Appetite. 
 
The ERC has overall responsibility for oversight of risk management framework and risk 
appetite of the Group. The Enterprise Risk Committee is also responsible for the approval of 
credit policies and procedures of the Group and to ensure adherence to the approved policies 
and close monitoring of different risks within the Group. The Enterprise Risk Committee also 
approves policy exceptions, establishes, and monitors various concentration limits (such as 
limits for country, industry sector etc.) as part of the risk appetite and reviews credit portfolio 
to manage asset quality. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-102

--- Page 263 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
101 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Risk Management Framework (continued) 
 
The Risk Management Group (“RMG”) is independent of business groups and is led by a Chief 
Risk Officer (“CRO”) with responsibility for deploying an enterprise-wide risk management and 
oversight of all material risks with the Group. The RMG is primarily responsible for defining the 
framework for management of all material risks within the Group.  
 
The Internal Audit Group (“IAG”) acts as the third line of defence function within the Group, 
independent from both the business units (“first line of defence”) and Group Operational risk 
team (“second line of defence”). IAG provides independent assurance to stakeholders and 
senior management on compliance with all risk policies and procedures in the Group and the 
effectiveness of the risk management processes. This is undertaken through periodic reviews 
of all risk-taking units within the Bank, in addition to Risk Management.  
 
Capital Management  
The Group’s capital management approach is designed to ensure that regulatory requirements 
are met at all times and that the Group’s operating activities, including its branches and 
subsidiaries, are capitalized in line with the Group’s risk appetite, target ratios and in accordance 
with local regulatory requirements. 
The Bank’s capital management approach further aims to facilitate the allocation and use of 
capital, such that it generates a return that appropriately compensates shareholders for the risks 
incurred. Capital adequacy is actively managed and forms a key component of the Group’s 
budget and forecasting process. The capital plan is tested under a range of stress scenarios as part 
of the Group’s annual Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ICAAP. The capital 
management approach is set and governed primarily by the ALCO. 
 
F-103

--- Page 264 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
102 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Risk Appetite & Stress Testing 
The key to the Group’s long-term sustainable growth and profitability lies in ensuring that there 
is a strong link between its risk appetite and strategy.  
Risk Appetite for the Group is set and approved by the Group’s Board. The Group’s risk appetite 
is disseminated down to business groups in alignment with business strategies for these groups.   
Stress testing is a key management tool within the Group used to evaluate the sensitivity of 
current and forward risk profiles to shocks of varying nature and severity. Stress testing within 
the Group is governed by the Group’s stress testing policy which sets out the approaches for 
stress testing and associated roles and responsibilities. The primary governance committee 
overseeing risk appetite and stress testing is the ERC. 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) 
The purpose of the ICAAP is to inform the Board of the ongoing assessment of the bank's risks, 
how the bank intends to mitigate those risks and how much current and future capital is necessary 
having considered other mitigating factors. 
 
This entails the computation of the bank's aggregated Capital and the monitoring of the Group's 
capital adequacy under a variety of stressed scenarios to assess and report the impact upon the 
Group's capital buffer (measured as available capital less required risk capital) and 
recommending actions, as warranted. The risk assessment is approved by the Board as part of the 
ICAAP submission. 
 
Risks that are explicitly assessed through ICAAP are credit risk, market risk, operational risk, 
concentration risk, funding cost risk, business risk and interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Preserving the capital position remains a priority from both a regulatory and management 
viewpoint. 
 
Credit risk management  
 
Credit risk is the risk of suffering financial loss  as a result of any of the Group’s customers 
failing or unwilling to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Group. Credit risk arises mainly 
from loan and advances, loan commitments arising from such lending activities, trade finance 
and treasury activities but can also arise from financial guarantees, letter of credit, endorsements 
and acceptances. The Group is also exposed to other credit risks arising from investments in debts 
instruments, derivatives as well as settlement balances with market counterparties. 
 
The Chief Credit Officer (“CCO”) of the Group is responsible for overseeing all aspects of credit 
risk management supported by a team of experienced and trained credit risk managers. The CCO 
and credit risk managers have delegated authority within the risk management framework to 
approve credit transactions and manage credit risk on an ongoing basis. 
F-104

--- Page 265 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
103 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk is the single largest risk from the Group’s business of extending Loans and Advances 
(including loan commitments, LCs and LGs) and carrying out investment in securities and 
debts; management therefore carefully manages its exposure to credit risk. Credit risk 
management and controls are centralized under the CCO function with regular governance and 
monitoring exercised by the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”), Board Credit Committee 
(“BCC”) and Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”). 
 
Specifically, BCC reviews and approves credit proposals that are beyond lending authorities 
delegated to management by the Board of Directors. In addition, BRC and BCC monitors key 
elements of the Bank’s credit risk profile relative to the Bank’s risk appetite. The Board 
Committees are supported by ERC through detailed review and monitoring of credit portfolio, 
including exposure concentrations. 
 
An Early Alert Committee (“EAC”) is also in place to review and proactively identify 
potential problematic exposures within CIBG and IBG business groups and determine 
appropriate strategies. The EAC, along with the IFRS 9 Forum (a forum in place to oversee 
all aspects of Mashreq’s IFRS 9 framework), plays an important role in ensuring that credit 
fundamentals are linked to determination of Significant Increase in Credit Risk (SICR) and 
staging for IFRS 9 purposes.  
 
Loans and advances (including loan commitments, LCs and LGs) 
 
The estimation of credit exposure for risk management purposes is complex and requires the 
use of models, as the exposure varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows 
and the passage of time. The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further 
estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of 
default correlations between counterparties. The Group measures credit risk using the concept 
of Expected Loss which requires the following measures:  
 
-Probability of Default (PD)  
-Loss Given Default (LGD) 
-Exposure at Default (EAD) 
 
Under IFRS 9, expected loss is replaced by Expected Credit Loss (ECL), which is based on 
macro adjusted PD, LGD & EAD measures. Additionally, it also captures deterioration and 
lifetime likelihood of defaults. Over the course of 2022, IFRS 9 PD models were refreshed 
for SMEs within UAE and FI borrowers. In addition, a model for IFRS 9 LGD was also 
introduced. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-105

--- Page 266 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
104 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk grading 
 
The Group uses specific internal rating models tailored to various industry 
segments/counterparty. Borrower and loan specific information collected at the time of 
application (such as disposable income, and level of collateral for retail exposures; and 
turnover and industry type for wholesale exposures) is fed into this rating model. This is 
supplemented with external data input into the model. The credit grades are calibrated such 
that risk of default increases exponentially at each higher risk grade. For example, this means 
that the difference in the PD between a 6 and 8 rating grade is lower than the difference in the 
PD between a 18 and 20 rating grade. 
 
The Risk Rating system for performing assets ranges from 1 to 25, each grade being associated 
with a PD. Non-performing borrowers are rated 50, 60, 70 and 80, corresponding to NAUR 
(Non-accrual Under Restructuring), Substandard, Doubtful, Loss classifications and 99 for 
Write-off. 
 
Borrower risk ratings are mapped into the following 5 Grades: 
 
Grade
Risk Rating 
Definition 
Grade 1
1-12
Low Risk
Grade 2
13-17
Satisfactory Risk
Grade 3
18-20
High Risk
Grade 4
21-25
Watch List
Grade 5
50,60,70,80
Impaired
 
The Group uses a bespoke Financial Institutions (“FI”) internal rating model to support the 
lending process. The FI Rating model consists of two major components: (i) the Financial – 
Macro Profile Analysis Assessment; and (ii) Business Analysis Assessment. Apart from the 
Financial and Business analysis factors, the model incorporates sovereign caps and 
consideration of group and government support, where applicable.  
 
The FI rating model is utilized to rate all FI borrowers including those that are not externally 
rated. This rating is used to compute ECL staging for FI borrowers. 
 
F-106

--- Page 267 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
105 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Expected credit loss measurement 
 
IFRS 9 outlines a ‘three-stage’ model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since 
initial recognition of a facility as summarised below:  
 
 
 A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in 
‘Stage 1’ and has its credit risk continuously monitored by the Group. 
 
If a Significant Increase in Credit Risk (‘SICR’) since initial recognition is identified, 
then the financial instrument is moved to ‘Stage 2’ but is not yet deemed to be credit-
impaired. Amongst other factors, the identification of SICR is measured via a change 
in one year probability of default between the date of inception of facility and the date 
of IFRS 9 ECL run. Other factors include restructuring and account irregularities. 
 
If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved 
to ‘Stage 3’. 
 
Financial assets in Stage 1 have their ECL measured at an amount equal to lifetime 
expected credit losses that result from default events possible within the next 12 
months. Instruments in Stage 2 have their ECL measured based on expected credit 
losses on a lifetime basis.  
 
Financial assets in Stage 3 are measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit 
losses or specific provision.  
 
A pervasive concept in measuring the ECL in accordance with IFRS 9 is that it should 
consider forward-looking information.  
 
Significant increase in credit risk (SICR) 
 
The Group considers a financial asset to have experienced SICR when a significant change in 
one year probability of default occurs between the origination date of a specific facility and 
the IFRS 9 ECL run date. In addition, a range of qualitative criteria are also considered. 
 
Quantitative criteria 
 
Corporate loans: 
For corporate loans, if the borrower experiences a significant increase in probability of default 
which can be triggered by the following quantitative factors: 
 
- 
Operating performance 
- 
Operating efficiency 
- 
Debt service / covenant breaches 
- 
Distressed restructure 
- 
Account performance / irregularities 
- 
Liquidity assessment 
- 
Capital structure 
 
 
F-107

--- Page 268 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
106 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Retail: 
 
For Retail portfolio, if the borrowers meet one or more of the following criteria:  
 
- 
Adverse findings for an account / borrower as per credit bureau data; 
- 
Loan rescheduling before 30 Days Past Due (DPD); 
- 
Accounts overdue between 30 and 90 days. 
 
Treasury: 
 
- 
Significant increase in probability of default of the underlying treasury instrument; 
- 
Significant change in the investment’s expected performance & behavior of borrower 
(collateral value, payment holiday, payment to income ratio etc.). 
 
Qualitative criteria:  
 
Corporate Loans 
 
For corporate loans, the following is also considered in determining a significant increase in 
probability of default: 
                                                                                                                                                                           
- 
Net worth erosion 
- 
Fraudulent activity 
- 
Significant operations disruption 
-  
Departure of key members of management     
- 
Industry outlook 
- 
Income stability Unavailable/inadequate financial information/financial statements 
- 
Qualified report by external auditors  
- 
Pending significant litigation  
- 
Increase in operational risk 
- 
Continued delay and non-cooperation by the borrower in providing key relevant    
documentation 
 
The Group has not used the low credit exemption for any financial instruments in the year 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
 
Backstop: 
 
A borrower that is more than 30 days past due on its contractual obligations is presumed to 
have a significantly increased credit risk as a backstop unless this presumption can be 
reasonably rebutted based on supportable forward-looking information. The borrower is also 
flagged in the system and is therefore subject to closer monitoring. 
 
 
 
 
F-108

--- Page 269 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
107 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Definition of default and credit-impaired assets 
 
The Group defines a financial corporate, retail and investment instrument as in default, which 
is fully aligned with the definition of credit-impaired, when it meets one or more of the 
following criteria:  
 
Quantitative criteria 
 
The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments. 
 
Qualitative criteria:  
 
According to the Basel definition, default is considered to have occurred with regard to 
particular obligors when either one of the following events have taken place: 
 
 
The Bank considers that the obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligation to the Group 
in full without recourse by the Bank to actions like realizing security (if held). 
 
The Bank puts the credit obligation on a non-accrued status. 
 
The Bank makes a charge-off or account-specific provision resulting from a perceived 
decline in credit quality subsequent to the Bank taking on the exposure. 
 
The Bank sells the credit obligation at a material credit-related economic loss. 
 
The Bank consents to a distressed restructuring of the credit obligation where this is 
likely to result in a diminished financial obligation caused by the material forgiveness 
or postponement of principal, interest and other fees. 
 
The Bank has filed for the obligor’s bankruptcy or similar order in respect of the 
obligor’s credit obligation to the Banking Group.  
 
The obligor is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to the 
Banking Group. 
 
The criteria above have been applied to all financial instruments held by the Group and is 
consistent with the definition of default used for internal credit risk management purposes. 
The default definition has been applied consistently to model the Probability of Default (PD), 
Exposure at Default (EAD), and Loss Given Default (LGD) throughout the Group’s expected 
loss calculations. 
 
An instrument is considered to no longer be in default (i.e. to have cured) when it no longer 
meets any of the default criteria for a consecutive period of twelve months. This period of 
twelve months has been determined based on an analysis which considers the likelihood of a 
financial instrument returning to default status after cure using different cure definitions. 
 
 
 
 
F-109

--- Page 270 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
108 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions, and estimation techniques 
 
The Expected Credit Loss (ECL) is measured on either a 12-month (12M) or lifetime basis 
depending on whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred since the initial 
recognition of a specific facility or whether an asset is considered credit-impaired. The Group 
has adopted a forward exposure method for computing the ECL for each facility. The bank 
has opted for a monthly granular computation of PD, EAD and LGD. 
 
 
The PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation 
(as per ‘Definition of default and credit-impaired’ above), either over the next 12 
months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. 
 
EAD is based on the amounts the Group expected to be owed at the time of default, 
over the next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD). 
 
LGD represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. 
LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim and availability of 
collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of 
exposure at the time of default (EAD). LGD is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime 
basis, where 12-month LGD is the percentage of loss expected to be made if the default 
occurs in the next 12 months and lifetime LGD is the percentage of loss expected to 
be made if the default occurs over the remaining expected lifetime of the loan.  
 
The ECL is determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month and for 
each individual exposure or collective segment. These three components are multiplied 
together and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e. the exposure has not prepaid or 
defaulted in an earlier month). This effectively calculates an ECL for each future month, which 
is then discounted back to the reporting date and summed. The discount rate used in the ECL 
calculation is the effective interest rate or an approximation thereof. 
 
Lifetime expected credit losses are expected credit loss resulting from all probable default 
events over the expected lifetime of the financial instrument. Expected credit losses are the 
probability-weighted average of credit losses and the weighing factor is the Probability of 
Default (PD) for a lifetime.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-110

--- Page 271 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
109 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
(continued) 
 
During economically challenging periods, the Group may choose to increase the scenario 
weightage of the pessimistic scenario under guidance from respective regulatory authorities 
in order to maintain higher level of ECL provisions & lower the scenario weightage of 
pessimistic scenario once a favourable trend is noticed in the macro-economic climate. Such 
a change was effectuated in 2020 to reflect the impact of COVID-19, where the scenario 
weightage of the pessimistic scenario was increased to 80%.  
 
The Group continues to closely monitor and manage, as required, direct and indirect exposure 
and impacts from the ongoing geopolitical situation and resultant market disruption. The 
group is cognizant of the regional economic impacts resulting from global inflationary 
pressures and monetary policy tightening and has been actively managing down exposure to 
countries that are most susceptible. The macroeconomic factors used in the IFRS 9 models 
take into account such information. The macroeconomic data for IFRS 9 PDs is typically 
updated every 6 months. The update was last made in September 2022. 
 
With respect to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, the Group’s exposure to Russia and Ukraine 
is to Financial Institution in these countries. The Group continues to monitor the day-to-day 
situation with respective counterparties and is actively managing any direct exposure. 
 
In addition, in anticipation of credit softness in other regional countries subject to economic 
turmoil, such as Sri Lanka and Pakistan, the Group has either significantly wound down the 
exposure or has tightened it’s position and is focused on dealing with carefully selected 
counterparties only.  
 
The Group has implemented risk rating models since 2005 which has enabled the Bank to rate 
borrowers based on their financial and qualitative information. The segmentation of these 
models was revisited in 2021 to introduce a new corporate model to rate large corporates. 
Ratings from rating models are used as an input into IFRS 9 macroeconomic models to derive 
a PD term structure for each rating grade in the IFRS 9 ECL computation.  
 
In 2022, the Group has revised the IFRS 9 macroeconomic models for LGD, UAE SME and 
FI portfolios to include recent loss data. Remaining models have been reviewed within an 
acceptable period in the past and continue to be adequate.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-111

--- Page 272 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
110 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
(continued) 
 
The 12-month and lifetime EADs are determined based on the expected payment profile, 
which varies by product type.  
 
 
For amortising products and bullet repayments loans, this is based on the contractual 
repayments owed by the borrower over a 12 month period or lifetime basis.  
 
For revolving committed products, the exposure at default is predicted by taking 
current drawn balance and adding a “credit conversion factor” which allows for the 
expected drawdown of the remaining committed limit by the time of default. 
 
For contingent products like LC & LG, the exposure at default is predicted using a 
Credit conversion factor in line with the Basel regulatory guidelines. 
 
The Group has adopted a workout methodology for LGD computation. For the Corporate 
segment, the Bank has developed the LGD framework using more than 21 years of data.  
 
The LGDs are determined based on the factors which impact recoveries made following 
default. These vary by product type.  
 
 
For secured products, this is primarily based on collateral type and projected collateral 
values, historical discounts to market/book values due to forced sales, time to 
repossession and recovery costs observed.  
 
For unsecured products, LGDs are typically set by different borrower segments (e.g. 
Corporates, Financial Institutions etc.) in order to reflect differences in asset structures, 
collection strategies and historical recovery experience. 
F-112

--- Page 273 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
111 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
(continued) 
 
The Group has revised the Wholesale LGD framework during 2020 in order to reflect recent 
recovery experience and additional admissible security types. Forward-looking economic 
information is also included in determining the 12-month and lifetime PD. 
 
Forward looking information incorporated in the ECL models 
 
The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking 
information. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic 
variables impacting credit risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio. 
 
These economic variables and their associated impact on the ECL parameters vary by 
geographies and borrower types. Impact of these economic variables on historical default rates 
is determined by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the relationship 
between these variables. Once the relationship has been established, the bank utilizes 
macroeconomic data for these variables from Moody’s (Economy.com) and other recognized 
external sources (e.g. IMF) to obtain historical information and forecasts under base, 
optimistic and pessimistic scenarios. Expert judgement is applied in the process where the 
economic relationship between variables is weak or the forecast is deemed imprudent. 
 
For unbiased and probability-weighted ECL calculation, the Group uses probabilities of 60%, 
20% and 20% for baseline, optimistic and pessimistic macro-economic scenario respectively 
based on expert judgement in order to represent majority weight to base and an even weight 
to the rest.  
 
Following are the macroeconomic variables used in the IFRS 9 PD models across different 
geographies: 
1.  Current Account to GDP 
2. Equity Index (Abu Dhabi) 
3. Budget Expenditure to GDP 
4. Oil Price 
5. GDP 
6. Industrial Production 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-113

--- Page 274 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
112 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Sensitivity analysis 
 
The Group has calculated ECL for wholesale borrowers at an individual financial instrument 
level and portfolio level for retail borrowers.  
 
The most significant macroeconomic variables affecting the ECL allowance in respect of retail 
and wholesale credit portfolios are as follows:  
 
o Current Account to GDP (Change) 
o Abu Dhabi Equity Index (Change) 
o Oil price  
 
The Group has performed a sensitivity analysis on how ECL on the credit portfolio will change 
if the key assumptions used to calculate ECL change by a certain percentage. The impact on 
ECL due to changes in the forecasted probabilities of default as a result of variations in Abu 
Dhabi Equity Index, Oil Price and Current Account to GDP (three key macro-factors used 
within IFRS 9 PD Models) by +10% / -10% in each scenario would result in an ECL reduction 
by AED 66 million and an ECL increase by AED 80 million respectively. These variations 
are applied simultaneously to each probability weighted scenarios used to compute the 
expected credit losses. In reality there will be interdependencies between the various economic 
inputs and the exposure to sensitivity will vary across the economic scenarios. 
F-114

--- Page 275 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
113 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
 
The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of financial assets which are subject to ECL. The gross carrying amount of financial 
assets below also represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
Cash and balances with 
Central Bank 
 31,435,930 
-
-
 
31,435,930 
 
17,507,751
-
-
17,507,751
Loss allowance
 -   
-
-
 -    
-
-
-
-
Carrying amount
 31,435,930 
-
-
31,435,930 
 
17,507,751
-
-
17,507,751
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances 
due from banks 
 
 
 
 
Investment-grade
 4,365,051 
 
 121,999   
 -    
 4,487,050 
 
5,765,434 
72,762 
-   
5,838,196 
BB+ & below
 9,199,596 
 
 2,597,768   
 -    
11,797,364 
 
12,103,401 
1,360,385 
-   
13,463,786 
    Unrated
 11,546,038 
 
 1,111,737   
 25,195   
12,682,970 
 
8,114,789 
1,476,877 
78,946 
9,670,612 
 25,110,685 
 
 3,831,504   
 25,195   
28,967,384 
 
25,983,624 
2,910,024 
78,946 
28,972,594 
Loss allowance
 (71,219) 
 
 (31,496) 
 
 (18,221) 
 
 (120,936) 
 
(92,130)
(14,417)
(60,952)
(167,499)
Carrying amount
 25,039,466 
 
 3,800,008   
 6,974   
28,846,448 
 
25,891,494 
2,895,607 
17,994 
28,805,095 
F-115

--- Page 276 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
114 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Loans and 
advances -At 
amortised cost 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grading 1
 17,984,218  
 26,895  
 -   
 18,011,113 
Grading 2
 51,797,008  
 2,047,580  
 -   
 53,844,588 
Grading 3
 2,760,209  
 2,264,071  
 -   
 5,024,280 
Grading 4
 34,242  
 704,854  
 -   
 739,096 
Grading 5
 -   
 -   
 2,323,633  
 2,323,633 
 72,575,677  
 5,043,400  
 2,323,633  
 79,942,710 
 
 
 
Loss allowance
 (560,263)
 (1,488,855)
 (2,263,248)
 (4,312,366)
Carrying amount
 72,015,414 
 3,554,545 
 60,385 
 75,630,344 
 
 
 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
Grading 1
 2,774,119  
 -   
 -   
 2,774,119 
Grading 2
 6,223,093  
 61,713  
 -   
 6,284,806 
Grading 3
 5,359,168  
 166,352  
 -   
 5,525,520 
Grading 4
 -   
 19,063  
 -   
 19,063 
Grading 5
 -   
 -   
 538,855  
 538,855 
 14,356,380  
 247,128  
 538,855  
 15,142,363 
 
 
 
Loss allowance
 (20,796)
 (9,787)
 (438,883)
 (469,466)
Carrying amount
 14,335,584 
 237,341 
 99,972 
 14,672,897 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-116

--- Page 277 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
115 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Loans and 
advances -At 
amortised cost 
12-month 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Total
AED’000
 
Grading 1
10,011,576
231,304
-   
10,242,880
Grading 2
47,466,433
2,077,526
-   
49,543,959
Grading 3
4,831,904
2,197,590
-   
7,029,494
Grading 4
111,610 
1,140,026
-   
1,251,636 
Grading 5
-   
-   
4,458,678 
4,458,678 
62,421,523
5,646,446
4,458,678 
72,526,647 
Loss allowance
(511,719)
(1,235,239)
(4,347,119)
(6,094,077)
Carrying amount
61,909,804
4,411,207
111,559 
66,432,570 
Islamic financing 
and investment 
products 
measured at 
amortised cost
Grading 1
2,006,394
400
-   
2,006,794
Grading 2
7,865,902
366,490
-   
8,232,392
Grading 3
4,216,831
222,215
-   
4,439,046
Grading 4
838 
25,927 
-   
26,765 
Grading 5
-   
-   
975,420 
975,420 
14,089,965 
615,032 
975,420 
15,680,417 
Loss allowance
(51,011)
(12,106)
(563,846)
(626,963)
Carrying amount
14,038,954 
602,926 
411,574 
15,053,454 
 
F-117

--- Page 278 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
116 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
2022
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows:
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment-grade
 12,472,587  
 -   
 -     12,472,587 
BB+ & below
 3,976,570  
 -   
 -    
 3,976,570 
Unrated
 -   
 -   
 2,205  
 2,205 
 16,449,157  
 -   
 2,205   16,451,362 
Loss allowance
 (26,210)
 -  
 (2,205)
 (28,415)
Carrying amount
 16,422,947  
 -   
 -     16,422,947 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial assets 
measured at FVTOCI 
(debt securities) 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment-grade 
 6,238,239  
 -   
 -    
 6,238,239 
BB+ & below 
 701,496  
 -   
 -    
 701,496 
Unrated 
 19  
 -   
 -   
 19 
 
 6,939,754  
 -   
 -   
 6,939,754 
Loss allowance 
 (5,019)
 -  
 -  
 (5,019)
Carrying amount 
 6,934,735  
 -   
 -    
 6,934,735 
 
Equity securities at FVTOCI  don’t carry credit risk and hence have not been disclosed 
here. Investments at fair value through profit or loss are neither past due nor impaired. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-118

--- Page 279 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
117 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows:
12-month 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Total
AED’000
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost 
Investment-grade 
 6,378,347  
 -   
 -   
 6,378,347 
BB+ & below 
 3,556,040  
 -   
 -   
 3,556,040 
Unrated 
 365,740  
 -   
 2,205 
 367,945 
 
10,300,127  
 -   
 2,205 
10,302,332 
Loss allowance 
 (22,303)
 -  
 (2,205)
 (24,508)
Carrying amount 
10,277,824  
 -   
 -   
10,277,824 
 
Other financial assets 
measured at FVTOCI 
(debt securities) 
Investment-grade 
7,750,595 
-   
-   
7,750,595 
BB+ & below 
644,747 
-   
-   
644,747 
Unrated 
5,090,331 
-   
-   
5,090,331 
 
13,485,673 
-   
-   
13,485,673 
Loss allowance 
(4,954)
-   
-   
(4,954)
Carrying amount 
13,480,719 
-   
-   
13,480,719 
 
F-119

--- Page 280 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
118 
 
43 
 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment (continued) 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 -    
 705,915  
 426,900  
 1,132,815  
-   
566,636 
435,185 
1,001,821 
Loss allowance
 -    
 (18,436)
 (415,741)
 (434,177)  
-   
(19,743)
(419,613)
(439,356)
Carrying amount
 -    
 687,479  
 11,159  
 698,638  
-   
546,893 
15,572 
562,465 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acceptances 
 9,073,184 
 
 237,790 
 
 -    
 9,310,974 
 
14,137,040 
203,631 
-   
14,340,671 
Loss allowance
 (10,511) 
 
 (955) 
 
 -    
 (11,466) 
 
(25,618)
(3,787)
-   
(29,405)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-120

--- Page 281 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
119 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment (continued) 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Credit risk exposures 
relating to off-balance 
sheet items are as 
follows: 
12-month 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Total
AED’000
12-month 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000
Total
AED’000
 
Letters of credit 
 14,238,949 
 1,455,195 
 4,279 
 15,698,423 
13,957,351 
1,767,518 
60,916 
15,785,785 
Guarantees
 27,070,775 
 2,893,923 
1,110,433 
 31,075,131 
28,330,800 
4,195,544 
1,180,171 
33,706,515 
Undrawn credit 
commitments -
Irrevocable 
 10,587,495 
 -  
 -  
 10,587,495 
7,832,021 
118,026 
-   
7,950,047 
 
 51,897,219 
 4,349,118 
1,114,712 
 57,361,049 
50,120,172 
6,081,088 
1,241,087 
57,442,347 
Loss allowance 
 (73,900)
 (75,660)
 (710,221)
 (859,781)
(62,093)
(38,680)
(408,594)
(509,367)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-121

--- Page 282 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
120 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
The table below shows the maximum exposure to credit risk for financial assets that are not 
subject to impairment. 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
Trading assets 
- Debt securities
1,348,137 
1,548,129 
- Derivatives
2,583,126 
929,573 
 
Hedging derivatives 
40,596 
98,613 
 
3,971,859 
2,576,315 
 
Risk management in the current economic scenario 
 
The Group continues to closely monitor and manage, as required, direct and indirect exposure 
and impacts from the ongoing geopolitical situation and resultant market disruption. The group 
is cognizant of the regional economic impacts resulting from global inflationary pressures and 
monetary policy tightening and has been actively managing down exposure to countries that 
are most susceptible.  The macroeconomic factors used in the IFRS 9 models take into account 
such information. The macroeconomic data for IFRS 9 PDs is typically updated every 6 
months. The last update was made in September 2022. 
 
In addition, the Group continues to review the appropriateness of ECL provisions in light of 
changes in macroeconomic environment, risk profile as well as any actual and expected 
increase in credit risk. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-122

--- Page 283 ---
Mashreq Bank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
121 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Collateral and other credit enhancements 
 
Collateral against loans and advances measured at amortised cost is generally held in the form 
of mortgage interests over property, other registered securities over assets and guarantees. 
Estimates of fair value are based on the value of the collateral assessed at the time of 
borrowing. Collateral generally is not held over amounts due from banks, except when 
securities are held as part of reverse repurchase and securities borrowing activity. The Group 
maintains substantial real estate and cash collateral, which also forms majority of the collateral 
base. The benefit of such collateral gets reflected in ECL through the LGD estimates. 
Allocation of both general and specific collateral is done at a facility level to estimate LGD. 
Financial instruments such as Repo transactions, embedded leverage note programs, etc. 
receive no ECL allocation on account of them being fully collateralized after application of 
relevant haircuts. 
 
The Group closely monitors collateral held for financial assets considered to be credit 
impaired, as it becomes more likely that the Group will take possession of the collateral to 
offset potential credit losses. Financial assets that are credit impaired and related collateral 
held in order to offset potential losses are shown below. The table below details the fair value 
of the collateral which is updated regularly:  
 
 
Loans and advances and 
Islamic financing 
and investment products 
 
 
Due from banks 
 
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Against individually 
impaired: 
Properties
 496,374 
 784,532 
-
-
Cash
 58,283 
 45,332 
-
-
Others
 167,527 
 241,030 
-
-
 
 722,184 
  1,070,894 
-
-
Against not impaired: 
Properties
 22,530,951 
 21,929,281 
-
-
Debt securities
2,909,034
-
-
-
Equities
1,464,618  
 928,144 
-
-
Cash
 8,758,311 
 17,068,995 
1,747,955
 1,291,248
Others
 1,190,352 
 4,831,537 
-
-
 
 36,853,266 
 44,757,957 
  1,747,955
 1,291,248
 
Total  
37,575,450
 45,828,851
  1,747,955
 1,291,248
F-123

--- Page 284 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
122 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance 
 
The following tables explain the changes in the loss allowance for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
 
2022
2021 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
 
Deposits and balances due from 
banks
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January
 92,130  
 14,417  
 60,952  
 167,499  
 
69,256
41,409
55,457
166,122
Transfers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
 (31,173) 
 
 31,173  
 
- 
 
- 
(13,022)
13,022 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
-   
(1)
1 
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
37 
(37)
-   
-   
New financial assets originated
87,387 
 
- 
 
- 
 
87,387 
96,237 
-   
-   
96,237 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs
 (77,125) 
 
 (14,094) 
 
 1,851  
 
 (89,368) 
(60,378)
(39,976)
5,494 
(94,860)
Write-offs
- 
 
- 
 
(44,582) 
 
(44,582) 
-
-
-
-
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 
 71,219  
 31,496  
 18,221  
 120,936  
 
 
92,130 
 
14,417 
 
60,952 
 
167,499 
 
 
 
 
F-124

--- Page 285 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
123 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
2022
2021
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Loans and advances measured 
at amortised cost
Loss allowance as at 1 January
511,719 
1,235,239 
4,347,119 
6,094,077  
556,764 
2,274,612 
2,572,250 
5,403,626 
Transfers
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
(116,013)
 
 116,013  
 -   
 -    
(149,949)
149,949 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3
(34,044)
 
 -   
 34,044  
 -   
(15,085)
-   
15,085 
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1
20,858 
(20,858)
-  
-    
1,240 
(1,240)
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
-  
(30,491)
30,491 
-   
-   
(747,341)
747,341 
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2
-  
97,250 
(97,250)
-    
-   
-   
-  
-   
New financial assets originated
368,034 
-  
-  
368,034  
297,592 
-   
-   
297,592 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs
(190,291)
 
91,702
 
 190,400  
91,811
 
(178,843)
(440,741)
2,041,979 
1,422,395 
Write-offs
-  
-  
(2,241,556)
(2,241,556)
-
-
(1,029,536)
(1,029,536)
Loss allowance as at 31 
December
560,263 
1,488,855 
2,263,248 
4,312,366  
 
511,719 
 
1,235,239 
 
4,347,119 
 
6,094,077 
 
 
 
F-125

--- Page 286 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
124 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2022
 
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised 
cost 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
51,011  
 
 12,106  
 
563,846 
 
 626,963  
58,112
12,530
336,688
407,330
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
(1,311)
1,311 
-   
-  
(2,602)
2,602 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 (341) 
 
 -    
 341  
 
 -   
-  
-   
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 501  
 
(501)
 
 -    
 -   
2 
(2)
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -    
(1,046)
 
1,046 
 
 -   
-   
(419)
419 
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2
 -    
3,388 
 
(3,388)
 
 -   
-
-
-
-
New financial assets originated 
 13,191  
 
 -    
 -    
 13,191  
30,371 
-   
-   
30,371 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (42,255) 
 
 (5,471) 
 
 57,199  
 
 9,473  
(34,872)
(2,605)
226,970 
189,493 
Write-offs
-   
-   
(180,161)
(180,161)
-   
-   
(231)
(231)
Loss allowance as at 31 
December 
 20,796  
 
 9,787  
 
 438,883  
 
 469,466  
  
51,011 
 
12,106 
  
563,846
 
626,963 
 
F-126

--- Page 287 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
125 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
 
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 22,303  
 
 -    
 2,205  
 
 24,508  
 
19,024
-
2,205
21,229
Transfers
New financial assets originated 
 17,479  
 
 -    
 -    
 17,479  
 
12,780 
-   
-   
12,780  
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (13,572) 
 
 -    
 -    
 (13,572) 
(9,501)
-  
-   
(9,501)
Loss allowance as at 31 December 
26,210 
 
 -    
 2,205  
 
  28,415 
 
22,303 
-   
2,205 
24,508 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-127

--- Page 288 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
126 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Other assets 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 -    
 19,743  
 
 419,613  
 
 439,356  
 
-
17,789
413,188
430,977
Transfers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs
-   
(1,313)
12,277 
10,964 
-   
2,212 
21,693 
23,905 
FX and other movements
- 
 
-
 
 (5,462) 
 
 (5,462) 
-
-
(2,875)
(2,875)
Write-offs
 -    
 6  
 (10,687)
 (10,681)
-   
(258)
(12,393)
(12,651)
Loss allowance as at 31 December 
 -    
 18,436  
 
 415,741  
 
 434,177  
 
-   
19,743 
419,613 
439,356 
 
F-128

--- Page 289 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
127 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
12-month 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
LCs, LGs, irrevocable undrawn 
commitments and acceptances 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 87,711  
 
 42,467  
 
 408,594  
 
 538,772  
91,757
51,984
325,000
468,741 
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (49,497) 
 
 49,497  
 
 -    
 -    
(14,239)
14,239 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1
 4,006  
 
(4,006)
 
 -    
 -    
3,071 
(3,071)
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
-   
(2,963)
2,963 
-   
-   
(86)
86 
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2
-   
1,825 
(1,825)
-   
-
-
-
-
New financial assets originated
 100,455  
 
 -    
 -    
 100,455  
 
69,292 
-   
-   
69,292 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs
 (58,264) 
 
 (10,205) 
 
 300,489  
 
 232,020  
(62,170)
(20,599)
83,508 
739 
Loss allowance as at 31 December
 84,411  
 
 76,615  
 
 710,221  
 
 871,247  
 
87,711 
42,467 
408,594 
538,772 
 
F-129

--- Page 290 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
128 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 
The following tables further explains the changes in the gross carrying amount for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
 
 
2022
 
2021 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Cash and balances with central 
banks 
Gross carrying amount as at 1 
January 
 
17,507,751 
 
 
 -   
 
 -   
 
 
17,507,751  
17,941,941
-
-
17,941,941
New financial assets originated 
550,000
 
- 
 
-
 
550,000
 
2,800,000
-
-
2,800,000
Repayments and other 
movements
13,378,179
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
13,378,179
 
 
(3,234,190)
 
 
-   
 
 
-   
 
 
(3,234,190)
Gross carrying amount as at 
31 December
 
31,435,930
 
 
 -   
 
 -  
 
 
31,435,930
 
 
17,507,751 
 
 
-   
 
 
-   
 
 
17,507,751 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-130

--- Page 291 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
129 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
 
2022
 
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Deposits and balances due from 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as at 1 
January
25,983,624 
2,910,024 
 
78,946 
28,972,594 
22,795,110
5,525,019
85,023
28,405,152
Transfers 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (4,020,902)
 4,020,902 
 -  
 -   
(2,849,582)
2,849,582 
-  
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
-
-
-
-
 
1,987 
    (1,987)
-  
-  
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
-
-
-
-
 
-  
(14)
14 
-  
New financial assets originated 
 26,254,853 
 -  
 -  
 26,254,853  
25,953,680 
-  
-  
25,953,680 
Repayments and other 
movements 
 (23,106,891)
 (3,099,421)
 (9,169)
 (26,215,481)  
 
(19,917,571)
(5,462,576)
 
(6,091)
(25,386,238)
Write-offs
-
-
(44,582)
(44,582)  
-
-
-
-
Gross carrying amount as at 31 
December
 25,110,684 
 3,831,505 
 25,195 
 28,967,384  
 
25,983,624 
 
2,910,024 
 
78,946 
 
28,972,594 
 
F-131

--- Page 292 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
130 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2022
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
 
AED’000
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised cost 
and FVTOCI (debt 
securities)
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
  
23,785,800  
 
 
 -   
 
 
 2,205  
 
 
 23,788,005  
 
17,492,244
-
2,205
17,494,449
New financial assets 
originated
  
13,811,750 
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
   
13,811,750
  
11,787,603  
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
  
11,787,603  
Repayments and other 
movements 
(14,204,461) 
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -    
 
(14,204,461) 
 
(5,494,047)
 
-  
 
 
-   
 
(5,494,047)
Write-offs
(4,178) 
 
 
 
 
 
(4,178) 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December
  
23,388,911
 
 
-   
 
 
2,205 
 
 
23,391,116
  
23,785,800 
 
 
-   
 
 
2,205 
 
 
23,788,005 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-132

--- Page 293 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
131 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
2022
2021
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000
 
AED’000 
Loans and advances 
measured at amortised 
cost
Gross carrying amount as 
at  1 January
62,421,522
5,646,447
4,458,678
72,526,647
 
53,807,604
5,305,950
3,576,483
62,690,037
Transfers
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
 (3,458,173)
 3,458,173 
 -  
 -  
(3,655,063)
3,655,063 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3
 (83,719)
 -  
 83,719 
 -  
(222,739)
-   
222,739 
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
 -  
 (229,563)
 229,563 
 -  
-   
(969,760)
969,760 
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2
 -  
 447,342 
 (447,342)
 -  
-   
14 
(14)
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1
 1,120,386 
(1,120,386)
-  
-  
80,278 
(80,278)
-   
-   
New financial assets originated
 52,279,308 
-  
-  
52,279,308 
38,703,246 
-   
-   
38,703,246 
Repayments and other 
movements 
(39,703,647)
(3,158,612)
240,570 
(42,621,689)
(26,291,804)
(2,264,542)
719,246 
(27,837,100)
Write-offs
 -  
 -  
(2,241,556)
 (2,241,556)
-   
-   
(1,029,536)
(1,029,536)
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December
 72,575,677  
 5,043,401 
 2,323,632  
 79,942,710   
62,421,522
5,646,447
4,458,678
72,526,647
 
 
 
F-133

--- Page 294 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
132 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
2022
2021
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Islamic financing and 
other investments 
measured at amortised 
cost
Gross carrying amount as 
at  1 January
 14,089,965 
 
 615,032  
 
 975,420  
 15,680,417  
13,301,319
291,424
1,060,930
14,653,673
Transfers
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
 (106,746)
 
 106,746  
 
 -    
 -  
(319,103)
319,103 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3
 (1,602)
 
 -    
 1,602  
 
 -  
-  
-   
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3
 -   
 (5,010) 
 
 5,010  
 
 -  
-   
(5,396)
5,396 
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1
 -   
 22,167  
 
 (22,167) 
 
 -  
1,931 
(1,931)
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2
 65,888  
 (65,888) 
 
 -    
 -  
New financial assets originated
 6,763,818  
 -    
 -    
 6,763,818 
7,985,879 
-   
-   
7,985,879 
Repayments and other 
movements 
 (6,454,942)
 
 (425,920) 
 
 (240,848) 
 
 (7,121,710)
(6,880,061)
11,832 
(90,675)
(6,958,904)
Write-offs
 -   
 -    
 (180,162)
 
 (180,162)
-   
-   
(231)
(231)
Gross carrying amount as 
at  31 December
 14,356,381 
 247,127  
 538,855  
 15,142,363  
 
14,089,965 
 
615,032 
 
975,420 
 
15,680,417 
F-134

--- Page 295 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
133 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2022
 
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Other assets
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
 
 -    
 566,635 
 435,185 
 1,001,820  
-
585,565
428,432
1,013,997
Repayments and other 
movements  
 -    
 139,274 
 (1,721)
 137,553  
-   
(18,671)
19,146 
             475 
Write-offs 
 -    
 6 
 (6,564)
 (6,558)  
-   
(258)
(12,393)
(12,651)
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December
 -    
 705,915 
 426,900 
 1,132,815  
 
-   
 
566,636 
 
435,185 
 
1,001,821 
 
Acceptances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
 
14,137,040 
 203,631 
 -  
 14,340,671  
12,680,894
86,567
-
12,767,461
Transfers 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2
 (123,461)
 123,461 
 -  
 -  
(182,817)
182,817 
-  
-  
New financial assets originated
 4,686,361 
 -  
 -  
 4,686,361 
16,073,629 
-  
-  
16,073,629 
Repayments and other 
movements  
 (9,626,756)
 (89,302)
 -  
 (9,716,058)
 
 
(14,434,666)
 
(65,753) 
 
-  
 
(14,500,419)
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December
 9,073,184 
 237,790 
 -  
 9,310,974  
 
14,137,040 
 
203,631 
 
-  
 
14,340,671 
F-135

--- Page 296 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
134 
 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2022
 
2021 
 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
 
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
12-month 
Lifetime 
Lifetime 
Total
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Off-balance sheet items
At 1 January 
 50,120,172  
 
 6,081,088   
 1,241,087  
 
 57,442,347  
 
49,113,388
4,258,429
2,381,713
55,753,530
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (3,874,507) 
 
 3,874,507  
 
 -    
 -    
(3,809,733)
3,809,733 
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 (203) 
 
 -    
 203  
 
 -    
-   
-   
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -    
 (59,846)
 
 59,846  
 
 -    
-   
(16,140)
16,140 
-   
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -    
 15,932  
 
 (15,932)
 
 -    
-   
-   
-   
-   
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 591,762  
 
 (591,762)
 
 -    
 -    
182,400 
(182,400)
-   
-   
New financial assets originated 
 41,738,183  
 
 -    
 -    
 41,738,183 
 
20,878,779 
-   
-   
20,878,779 
Repayment and other movements
(36,678,189) 
 
(4,970,801)
 
 (170,491)  
 (41,819,481)  
(16,244,662)
(1,788,534)
(1,156,766) 
(19,189,962)
At 31 December
51,897,218
4,349,118
1,114,713 
57,361,049
50,120,172 
6,081,088 
1,241,087 
57,442,347 
 
F-136

--- Page 297 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
135 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Write-off policy 
 
The Group writes off financial assets, in whole or in part, when it has exhausted all practical 
recovery efforts and has concluded there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that 
there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include (i) ceasing enforcement activity and (ii) 
where the Group’s recovery method is foreclosing on collateral and the value of the collateral is 
such that there is no reasonable expectation of recovering in full. The Group may write-off 
financial assets but they are still subject to enforcement activity. The Group still seeks to recover 
amounts it is legally owned in full, but which have been partially or fully written off due to no 
reasonable expectation of recovery. 
 
Modification of financial assets 
 
The Group modifies terms of loans provided to customers from time-to-time primarily due to 
ongoing client needs, commercial renegotiations or for managing distressed loans. The risk of 
default of such assets after modification is assessed at the reporting date and compared with 
the risk under the original terms at initial recognition, when the modification is not substantial, 
it does not result in derecognition of the original asset. The Group may determine that credit 
risk has significantly improved after restructuring, and such assets are moved from Stage 3 to 
Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL) to Stage 1 (12 month ECL). This is only done when modified assets 
have performed in accordance with the new terms for twelve consecutive months or more.  
The gross carrying amounts of modified financial assets held at 31 December 2022 (31 
December 2021: gross carrying amount of AED 2.9 billion with a modification loss of AED 
43 million) was not material. 
 
Operational risk management 
 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events, and includes legal risk.  Operational risk excludes 
strategic and reputational risk.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-137

--- Page 298 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
136 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
 
Operational Risk Governance 
 
Whilst the Group cannot eliminate all operational risks, it has developed a comprehensive 
framework of identifying, assessing, controlling, mitigating, monitoring and reporting 
Operational risk and consists of the following: 
 
 
Ownership of the risk & controls by businesses and functional units; 
 
Monitoring and validation by business; 
 
Oversight by Operational risk management team; and 
 
Independent review by Internal Audit 
 
Operational risk management follows three lines of defence model;  
 
The first line of defence is the Business Line Management. The operational risk governance will 
recognize that Business Units (BUs) are the owners of risk and hence responsible for identifying 
and managing the risks, inherent in the products, services and activities, within their BUs.  
 
The second line of defence is the Operational Risk Management function, the Chief Risk Officer, 
the Operational Risk Committee (ORC) and the Enterprise Risk Committee. They are collectively 
responsible for designing, implementing, coordinating, reporting and facilitating effective 
Operational Risk Management on Group-wide basis.  
 
The third line of defence is the Internal Audit who are responsible to independently assess the 
effectiveness and efficiency of the internal control, and for independently validate and provide an 
independent assurance to the Board Audit Committee (BAC) on the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Operational Risk Management Framework. 
 
The Board, through the Board Risk Committee, has the overall responsibility for managing 
operational risk at the Bank and ensure that the three line of defence approach is implemented 
and operated in an appropriate and acceptable manner. 
 
The Group has adopted The Standardized Approach (TSA) to determine its operational risk 
capital requirements.  
 
Operational Risk Appetite 
 
The Group’s operational risk appetite articulates the boundaries for quantitative and qualitative 
operational risks that the Bank is willing to take (or not take), with respect to pursuit of its 
strategic objectives. It helps in setting the risk culture across the Bank and facilitates an effective 
implementation of the Bank’s Operational Risk Management Framework.  The operational risk 
appetite is applied for decision-making and comprehending operational risk exposures across the 
Bank through implementation of policies, controls and operational risk tolerances. 
 
 
F-138

--- Page 299 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
137 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
 
Operational Risk Management Framework 
 
The Group’s Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”) is a set of interrelated tools 
and processes that are used to identify, assess, measure, monitor and remediate operational risks.  
Its components have been designed to operate together to provide a comprehensive approach to 
managing the Group’s most material operational risks.   ORMF components include the setup of 
the three lines of defence as well as roles and responsibilities for the Operational Risk 
management process and appropriate independent challenge, the Group’s approach to setting 
Operational Risk appetite and adhering to it, the Operational Risk type and control taxonomies, 
the minimum standards for Operational Risk management processes including tools, independent 
governance, and the Bank’s Operational Risk capital model.  Tools implemented for the 
identification and assessment of Operational risk include and is not limited to: 
 
a) Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
b) Operational Risk Event Management 
c) Key Risk Indicator Management 
d) New Business Systems & Process Approval (NPPA); and 
e) Issues and Action Management 
 
 
F-139

--- Page 300 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
138 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Incident management 
 
The reporting of Operational risk incidents is a critical component of the Group’s Operational 
risk management framework. This ensures greater risk transparency across the organisation and 
helps to identify gaps and facilitate timely remedial action for potential risk exposures. 
 
The Central Bank of U.A.E. published final guidelines on operational risk management in 
October 2018. These guidelines lay out detailed supervisory expectations relating to operational 
risk governance, identification and assessment, systems and reporting. 
 
The Group is in the process of assessing the Group’s operational risk management framework in 
light of publication of operational risk management regulation by the Central Bank of U.A.E. 
 
Market Risk Management 
 
Market risk is the risk that fair value or cash flows of financial instruments held by the Group or 
its income may be adversely affected by movement in market factors, such as interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices.  
 
Market risk at the Group is governed by a comprehensive control framework as defined by the 
approved Market Risk Framework. This function is independent of any risk taking businesses. 
The Market Risk function folds under Risk Management Group and reports to the Chief Risk 
Officer of the Group.  
 
Market risk arises from the Group’s trading and non-trading activities. The Market Risk 
Management function primarily manages risks arising from its proprietary trading activities. Risk 
exposure arising from non-trading activities is managed by the Assets & Liabilities Committee 
(ALCO). Trading risks are primarily concentrated in Treasury and Capital Markets (“TCM”) and 
are managed by a robust framework of market risk limits that reflect the Group’s market risk 
appetite. Appropriate limits are placed on position sizes, stop loss levels, as well as on market 
factor sensitivities depending on the size and complexity of trading strategies involved. A 
comprehensive risk reporting framework is in place whereby, positions are monitored daily 
against the established limits and monitoring reports are circulated to the Market Risk 
Management and the respective Business Heads. In case of a limit exception, corrective action is 
taken in line with the Market Risk Framework or the concerned trading desk’s limits mandate. 
 
Each trading desk has a ‘permitted product list’ comprising of products and structures which have 
been determined to be appropriate for the TCM desk to trade. Any addition to this list is made 
after approval from Head of TCM, Head of Market Risk and Chief Risk Officer who assess the 
risks associated with the product and verify that they can be controlled effectively prior to 
approving the product. 
 
 
F-140

--- Page 301 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
139 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Market risk management (continued) 
 
The bank uses Value at Risk (“VaR”) methodology as its core analytical tool to assess risks across 
proprietary trading desks. VaR is an estimate of the potential losses arising in a portfolio over a 
specified time horizon due to adverse changes in underlying market factors. The Bank calculates 
its one-day VaR at a 99% confidence interval mainly using Monte Carlo Simulations approach 
across its trading portfolio and open FX position. VaR results are highly dependent on 
assumptions around input variables used in the model and also VaR does not provide the ‘worst 
case’ possible loss. 
 
Being a statistical technique, VaR is known to have limitations and therefore its interpretation 
needs to be further supplemented by other limits, sensitivity triggers or stress tests. Stress testing 
is conducted by generating extreme, but plausible scenarios, such as significant movements in 
interest rates, credit spreads, etc. and analysing their effect on the Group’s trading positions. 
 
Stress testing is conducted by generating extreme, but plausible scenarios, such as significant 
movements in interest rates, credit spreads, etc. and analysing their effect on the Group’s trading 
positions.  
 
In 2022, VaR was being calculated regularly and as of 31 December 2022, the 99% 1-day VaR 
was estimated at USD 1.29 million (31 December 2021: USD 1.62 million) for the bank wide 
market risk positions (stemming mainly from proprietary trading in interest rates products, 
equities and FX net open position). The Bank’s VaR model considers FX risk in all currencies, 
including GCC pegged currencies except USD and AED. 
 
There has been no significant change to the Group’s exposure to market risks or the way these 
risks are managed and measured. 
 
a. 
Counterparty Credit Risk  
 
Counterparty Credit Risk is one of the most significant risks in OTC derivatives trading and 
securities financing transaction (SFTs) related activities. These risks are further sub categorized 
into two forms: 
 
i. 
Pre-Settlement Risk 
 
Counterparty credit risk is defined as the risk attributable to the downgrading and/or insolvency 
of a counterparty on its obligations prior to the final settlement of the transaction’s cash flow. 
Internally the Group manages and monitors the exposure to this risk by defining controls and 
limits around a ‘peak future exposure’ (PFE) measure and in many cases by collateralizing 
facilities under Credit Support Annex (CSA). PFE is an estimate of the amount, at a 95 % 
confidence level, a counterparty may owe over the life of a derivative transaction (or portfolio 
of transactions).  
 
 
F-141

--- Page 302 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
140 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Market risk management (continued) 
 
a. 
Counterparty Credit Risk (continued) 
 
The Group further measures a net Credit Value Adjustment (“CVA”) on all outstanding OTC 
derivative contracts to account for market value of ‘credit risk’ due to any failure to perform 
on contractual agreements by a counterparty. CVA is a function of our expected exposure to 
counterparts, probability of default and recovery rates. CVA ensure derivatives transactions are 
priced or/and adequate reserves are built to account for expected credit losses. 
 
ii. 
Settlement Risk 
 
Settlement Risk arises when a bank, exchanges securities or cash payments to a counterparty 
on a value date and is unable to verify that payment or securities have been received in 
exchange until after it has paid or delivered its side of the transaction. The bank manages this 
exposure by dealing preferentially on a DvP/PvP basis or by defining control mechanism 
around settlement limits at a counterparty level. 
 
Climate risk 
 
The Group recognizes Climate risk as an emerging risk to the Group’s assets, business, and 
operations. Climate risk is the risk of loss emanating from Climate change – the long-term shifts 
in temperatures and weather patterns. These changes occur naturally and in the recent years, have 
mainly been driven by human activities such as burning of fossil fuels. Climate risk is likely to 
have an impact on the principal risk categories discussed above (ie., credit, market, operational 
and liquidity risks), however, due to its pervasive nature has been identified and monitored by the 
Group on an overall basis. 
 
The Group is actively working towards establishing the approach for managing Climate risk 
including defining a set of Sustainability Performance Indicators (SPIs), Climate risk governance, 
financial disclosures, and guidelines for identifying relevant risk factors. The Group is also 
working towards meeting stipulated regulatory reporting requirements in the relevant 
jurisdictions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-142

--- Page 303 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
141 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Market risk management (continued) 
 
Libor transition 
 
The Group has been actively progressing the transition away from LIBOR to Alternative 
Reference Rates (ARR) under the supervision of a cross-functional working committee which 
includes representatives from Risk, Finance, Technology, Legal, Marketing and relevant business 
units. The transition of LIBOR increases the execution and operational risk of the Group and the 
approach implemented by the Group for the transition incorporates the risks associated. The 
Group has partnered with an external consultancy and is following the recommended practices 
from ARR Working Groups in USA and UK. 
 
Over 2021, the Group conducted an impact assessment across operational, financial, and legal 
dimensions before establishing the transition mechanism for all LIBOR-linked assets and 
liabilities including necessary changes to systems and processes, inclusion of appropriate fallback 
provisions in LIBOR-linked contracts and introduction of internal and external LIBOR transition 
awareness programs. These steps enabled to Group to adhere to the first milestone of 31 
December 2021 relating to the cessation of UK, Euro, JPY, CHF LIBOR Rates and certain USD 
LIBOR rates. At this point, the Group also discontinued issuance of new positions linked to USD 
LIBOR. 
 
Over the course of 2022, the Group has commenced the process of negotiating impacted contracts 
with clients as well as continuing to engage in awareness programs. These activities are expected 
to conclude in-line with  the final global transition milestone  related to cessation of USD-LIBOR 
rates, currently scheduled for 30 June 2023.
F-143

--- Page 304 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
142 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Libor transition (continued) 
The Group has commenced use of the following ARR for its floating rate assets and liabilities 
denominated in currencies impacted by LIBOR transition:  
LIBOR 
Tenor 
Alternative 
Reference Rate
Effective date 
Existing contracts
New contracts 
USD LIBOR ON, 1M, 3M, 6M, 12M
SOFR 
1 July 2023 
1 January 2022 
USD LIBOR 
1W, 2M 
SOFR 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
EUR LIBOR 
All 
ESTR 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
GBP LIBOR 
All 
SONIA 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
CHF LIBOR 
All 
SARON 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
JPY LIBOR 
All 
TONA 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
 
Necessary systems and process changes have been implemented to facilitate the use of 
Alternative Reference Rates in client offerings, including the use of simple rate, compounded 
rate with various options of payment notice conventions (lookback, lockout and payment delay) 
and credit adjustment spread. 
External communication program is in place and impacted clients/counterparties are being 
contacted for negotiation of the changes to existing contracts as these become due. The external 
communication program has commenced and will be running until the final publication date of 
LIBOR on 30 June 2023. 
Financial instruments impacted by IBOR reform 
The financial crisis of 2008-2009, followed by the reduced activity in LIBOR, indicated that the 
future of LIBOR was no longer sustainable. In March 2021, the cessation of most LIBOR tenors 
was confirmed by the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-144

--- Page 305 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
143 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Libor transition (continued) 
 
Exposures impacted by the LIBOR Transition as at 31 December 2022 are summarized in the 
table below: 
 
31 December 
2022
AED'000
Non-derivative financial assets 
15,192,773
Deposits and balances due from banks
2,129,479
Loans and advances measured at amortized cost
13,063,294
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
783,965
Medium term loans
783,965
Derivatives1 
25,177,639
Cross currency swap
1,247,248
Interest rate swap
23,930,391
 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not hold any off-balance sheet commitments and 
financial guarantees linked to LIBOR. In addition, as at 31 December 2022 the Group did not 
have any exposure to non-USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments.  
Hedge accounting  
As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group did not hold any LIBOR-linked hedging 
instruments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Represents ‘Notional’ value of derivative contracts 
F-145

--- Page 306 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
144 
 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management 
 
Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect the value of 
financial assets and liabilities to different extents.  The Group is exposed to interest rate risk as a 
result of mismatches or gaps in the amounts of assets and liabilities repricing at different times. 
 
The Group uses simulation-modelling tools to measure and monitor interest rate sensitivity.  The 
results are analysed and monitored by the Assets and Liabilities Committee (“ALCO”).  Since 
majority of the Group’s assets are floating rate, deposits and loans generally are repriced within 
a short period of each other providing a natural hedge, which reduces interest rate risk exposure.  
Moreover, the majority of the Group’s assets and liabilities reprice within one year, thereby 
further limiting interest rate risk. The Group also has a significant current and savings account 
balances in deposits which are largely interest free. 
 
The impact of 50 basis points sudden movement in benchmark interest rate on net interest income 
over a 12 months period as at 31 December 2022 would be a decrease in net interest income by  
4% (in case of decrease of interest rates) and would have been an increase in net interest income 
by 4.1% (in case of increase of interest rates) [31 December 2021: -3.5% and +6.6%] respectively. 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the effective interest rate on due from banks and 
certificates of deposits with central banks was 2.6% (31 December 2021: 1.2%), on loans and 
advances measured at amortised cost 4.6% (31 December 2021: 3.6%), on customers’ deposits 
1.1% (31 December 2021: 1.0%) and on due to banks (including repurchase agreements) 2.0% 
(31 December 2021: 0.6%). 
 
The following table depicts the interest rate sensitivity position and interest rate gap position 
based on contractual repricing arrangement: 
F-146

--- Page 307 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
145 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis: 
 
Within 3 
months 
Over 3 to
6 months
Over 6 to 
12 months
Over 1 to
5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Non-interest
bearing 
items
Total 
 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
Assets  
Cash and balances with central banks
 24,010,142 
 -  
 29,267 
 -  
 -  
 7,396,521 
31,435,930
Deposits and balances due from banks
 18,478,328 
 5,515,453 
 2,074,250 
 721,303 
 384 
 2,056,730 
28,846,448
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value
 1,833,704 
 94,958 
 140,560 
 812,769 
 5,888,202 
 1,659,572 
10,429,765
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
 6,893,955 
 908,233 
 1,596,865 
 4,120,392 
 2,903,502 
 -
16,422,947
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost
 60,324,877 
 3,226,788 
 1,604,933 
 6,624,244 
 1,608,671 
 2,240,831 
75,630,344
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured  at amortised cost
 7,975,415 
 247,638 
 323,651 
 1,384,820 
 2,445,607 
 2,295,766 
14,672,897
Acceptances
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,310,974 
9,310,974
Other assets
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 6,799,304 
6,799,304
Reinsurance contract assets
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,128,009 
3,128,009
Investment in associate
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 43,633 
43,633
Investment properties
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 464,840 
464,840
Property and equipment
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,395,485
1,395,485
Intangible assets
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
230,667
230,667
Total assets  
119,516,421
9,993,070
5,769,526
13,663,528
12,846,366
37,022,332
198,811,243
 
F-147

--- Page 308 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
146 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
  
Within 3 
months 
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
Over 6 to 
12 
months 
 
Over 1 to 5 
years 
 
Over 5 
years 
 
Non-
interest
bearing 
items 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000
31 December 2022 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks
18,172,317
 795,035 
 670,140 
 -  
 -  
8,761,964
28,399,456
Repurchase agreements with banks
 1,452,959 
 473,223 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,926,182
Customers’ deposits
 34,129,897 
 3,415,872 
 4,910,109 
 1,852,514 
 261,770 
 54,257,160 
98,827,322
Islamic customers’ deposits
5,941,328 
1,237,186 
4,400,590 
43,800 
-  
3,356,037 
14,978,941
Acceptances
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,310,974 
9,310,974
Other liabilities
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
8,253,044 
8,253,044
Medium-term loans
 311,623 
 -  
 112,525 
 4,761,752 
 37,665 
 -  
5,223,565
Subordinated debt
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,831,027 
 -  
1,831,027
Insurance contract liabilities
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 5,642,093 
5,642,093
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 23,541,324 
23,541,324
Non-controlling interest
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
877,315 
877,315
Total liabilities and equity 
60,008,124
5,921,316
10,093,364
6,658,066
2,130,462
113,999,911
198,811,243
 
 
On balance sheet gap
59,508,297 
 4,071,754 
 (4,323,838)
 7,005,462 
 10,715,904 
(76,977,579)
- 
Off balance sheet gap
 (1,160,414)
 289,293 
 870,474 
 647 
 -  
- 
- 
Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap 
58,347,883
62,708,930
59,255,566
66,261,675
76,977,579
- 
- 
F-148

--- Page 309 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
147 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
 
Within 3 
months
Over 3 to
6 months
Over 6 to
12 months
Over 1 to
5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Non-
interest
bearing items
Total 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000
AED’000 
31 December 2021 
 
Assets  
Cash and balances with central banks
7,831,318 
-  
-  
-  
-  
9,676,433 
17,507,751 
Deposits and balances due from banks
15,576,629
6,116,818 
3,778,812 
621,417 
-  
2,711,419
28,805,095 
Other financial assets measured at fair value
3,636,168 
1,327,272 
4,578,534 
653,687 
4,722,342 
1,523,120 
16,441,123 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost
1,820,947 
538,198 
1,114,614 
3,409,710 
3,394,355 
-  
10,277,824 
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost
 
51,737,556 
 
4,031,722 
 
1,780,863
5,891,022
1,880,860
1,110,547 
66,432,570 
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured  at amortised cost
9,716,335 
697,368 
220,761
1,193,551
1,658,015
1,567,424 
15,053,454 
Acceptances
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
14,340,671 
14,340,671 
Other assets
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
3,290,085 
3,290,085 
Reinsurance contract assets
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
2,699,966 
2,699,966 
Investment in associate
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
34,809 
34,809 
Investment properties
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
462,829 
462,829 
Property and equipment
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
1,426,096 
1,426,096 
Intangible assets
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
281,336 
281,336 
Total assets 
90,318,953
12,711,378 
11,473,584
11,769,387
11,655,572
39,124,735
177,053,609 
F-149

--- Page 310 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
148 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
 
Within 3 
months 
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
Over 6 to 
12 months  
Over 1 to 5 
years 
 
Over 5 
years 
 
Non-
interest
bearing 
items 
Total 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000
31 December 2021 
 
Liabilities and equity
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks
6,488,833
1,502,705 
2,143,798 
3,000 
-  
9,428,150
19,566,486 
Repurchase agreements with banks
1,418,214 
26,510 
782,459 
501,964 
-  
-  
2,729,147 
Customers’ deposits
23,646,224 
7,181,847 
8,953,601 
2,109,895 
278,037 
44,981,298 
87,150,902 
Islamic customers’ deposits
2,328,279 
4,474,283 
4,264,002 
27,402 
-  
3,238,121 
14,332,087 
Acceptances
14,340,671 
14,340,671 
Other liabilities
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
6,028,308 
6,028,308 
Medium-term loans
472,660 
80,806 
1,054,812 
5,140,175 
40,906 
525,760 
7,315,119 
Insurance contract liabilities
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
4,566,602 
4,566,602 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent
-
-
-
-
-
20,228,225 
 
20,228,225 
Non-controlling interest
-
-
-
-
-
796,062 
796,062 
Total liabilities and equity
34,354,210
13,266,151 
17,198,672 
7,782,436 
318,943 
104,133,197
177,053,609 
On balance sheet gap
55,964,743
(554,773)
(5,725,088)
3,986,951
11,336,629
(65,008,462)
-  
Off balance sheet gap
(26,180)
-  
26,180 
-  
-  
-  
-  
Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap 
55,938,563
55,383,790
49,684,882
53,671,833
65,008,462
-  
-  
 
F-150

--- Page 311 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
149 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Currency risk management 
 
Currency risk represents the risk of change in the value of financial instruments due to changes 
in foreign exchange rates. Limits on positions by currencies are monitored on a regular basis. The 
Group’s exposures on 31 December are as follows: 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
 
Net spot
position
Net 
Forward 
position
Net 
Position
Net spot
position
Net  
Forward 
position
Net Position
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
U.S. Dollars
15,947,133 
(4,954,483)
10,992,650 
8,387,427
(11,162,514)
(2,775,087)
Qatari Riyals
105,137 
(279,698)
(174,561)
50,218
(210,715)
(160,497)
Pound Sterling
(907,395)
907,756 
361 
(782,678)
793,643 
10,965 
Euro
(5,104,078)
5,094,078 
(10,000)
(1,393,027)
1,418,931 
25,904 
Bahrain Dinar
1,746,687 
(1,621,653)
125,034 
507,291
(630,199)
(122,908)
Saudi Riyal
(1,001,668)
1,006,271 
4,603 
(6,342,158)
6,293,524 
(48,634)
Japanese Yen
(631,151)
642,576 
11,425 
(1,081,437)
1,090,335 
8,898 
Swiss Francs
6,366 
46 
6,412 
533 
2 
535 
Kuwaiti Dinar
(49,999)
(132,514)
(182,513)
(2,533)
(180,679)
(183,212)
Chinese Yuan
(2,191,059)
2,360,431
169,372
(1,363,960)
1,427,630 
63,670 
Other
48,553
(601,296)
(552,743)
319,272
118,028
437,300
Total
7,968,526
2,421,514
10,390,040
(1,701,052)
(1,042,014)
(2,743,066)
 
The exchange rate of AED against US Dollar is pegged and the Group’s exposure to currency 
risk is limited to that extent. 
 
Most of the major positions are in currencies that are pegged to the U.S. Dollar; therefore, any 
change in their exchange rates will have insignificant sensitivity on the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss or consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Liquidity risk management 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group’s entities, in various locations and in various currencies, 
will be unable to meet a financial commitment to a customer, creditor, or investor when due.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-151

--- Page 312 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
150 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
The Group’s senior management’s focus on liquidity management is to:  
 
 better understand the various sources of liquidity risk, particularly under stressed conditions; 
 ensure the Group’s short term and long term resilience, as measured by the Basel III 
guidelines, is sufficiently robust to meet realistic adverse scenarios;  
 develop effective contingency funding plans to deal with liquidity crises; 
 develop liquidity risk tolerance levels within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (ICAAP) framework; and 
 demonstrate that the bank can survive the closure of one or more funding markets by ensuring 
that funding can be readily raised from a variety of sources. 
 
In compliance with Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) document titled 
“Principles for Sound Liquidity Management” and CBUAE “Regulations re Liquidity at 
Banks” (Circular Number 33/2015) and accompanying Guidance Manual, the Group has 
established a robust liquidity management framework that is well integrated into the bank-
wide risk management process. A primary objective of the liquidity management framework 
is to ensure with a high degree of confidence that the Bank is in a position to address both its 
daily liquidity obligations as well as withstand a period of liquidity stress. In addition to 
maintaining sound liquidity governance and management practices, the Bank also holds an 
adequate liquidity cushion comprised of High Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) to be in a 
position to survive such periods of liquidity stress. The Bank’s Liquidity Management 
Framework has two tiers: 
 
1. Board of Directors oversight through review and approval of Liquidity Management 
Policy and definition of Liquidity Risk Tolerance Limits 
 
2. Strategies, policies and practices developed by the ALCO to manage liquidity risk 
in accordance with the Board of directors approved risk tolerance and ensure that the 
bank maintains sufficient liquidity. 
 
The Group’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) bears the ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk 
management within the Bank. The Board members hence are familiar with liquidity risk and how 
it is managed as well as have a thorough understanding of how other risks including credit, 
market, operational and reputation risks affect the bank’s overall liquidity risk.  
 
Mashreqbank’s Head Office (“HO”) and International Banking Group (“IBG”) Asset and 
Liability Committees (“ALCO”) are responsible for formulating policies for implementing the 
Board approved liquidity risk appetite. In this regard, the following policies, procedures and 
systems have been implemented: 
 
F-152

--- Page 313 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
151 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
a) Robust ALCO oversight through timely, pertinent information and analysis 
 
ALCOs have a broad range of authority delegated by the Board of Directors to manage the 
Group’s asset and liability structure and funding strategy.  ALCOs meet on a regular basis to 
review liquidity ratios, asset and liability structure, interest rate and foreign exchange 
exposures, internal and statutory ratio compliance, funding and repricing gaps and general 
domestic and international economic and financial market conditions. ALCOs determine the 
structure, responsibilities and controls for managing liquidity risk and for overseeing the 
liquidity position at all locations. The Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) function in the 
Group is then responsible for implementing the ALCO policies.  
 
The Head Office ALCO comprises of the Chief Executive Officer, the Head of Corporate Affairs, 
Chief Risk Officer, Chief Credit Officer, Head of Retail Banking Group, Head of Corporate 
Banking Group, Head of International Banking Group and the Head of Treasury & Capital 
Markets. 
 
The IBG ALCO comprises of Head of International Banking, Head of Retail Banking, Chief 
Risk Officer, Head of Treasury & Capital Markets, Funding Centre, Finance and 
representatives from respective international locations. 
 
b) Maintenance of Adequate High Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) cushion 
The Bank holds a portfolio of HQLA aligned with the established liquidity risk tolerance of 
the bank, which means at a minimum it is sufficient to meet all regulatory and internal ratios 
under normal operating conditions, and enough to meet the liquidity needs under stressed 
conditions as estimated by Stress tests. 
c) Gap limits  
The minimum size of net placements in highly liquid money market instruments and HQLA 
bond portfolio is based on stress testing exercise, which takes into account the stability of 
deposits from different sources as well as contingent funding requirements of overseas 
branches. The Money Book and HQLA deployments are also required to adhere to gap limits, 
to ensure that the bank is in a position to meet short term and intraday liquidity needs. 
 
d) Liquidity risk management over different time horizons and currencies  
The time horizons and activities over which the Bank manages liquidity risk range from 
intraday basis, day-to-day cashflow movements, fund raising capacity over short and medium-
term (up to one year) as well as vulnerabilities to events, activities and strategies beyond one 
year that can put a significant strain on the Bank’s cash generation capability. 
F-153

--- Page 314 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
152 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
e) Forward looking Funding Plan ensuring effective diversification in the sources and 
tenor of funding 
 
Mashreqbank develops its funding plan as part of its annual planning exercise. The plan places 
emphasis on diversifying the funding sources and maintaining market access to different 
sources of funding.  
 
The Group has historically relied on customer deposits for its funding needs.  Over the years, the 
Group has successfully introduced various cash management products and retail savings’ 
schemes which have enabled it to mobilise low cost, broad based deposits.  In order to diversify 
the funding sources, a Euro Medium Term Notes program was launched in 2004 and, as of 31 
December 2022 has an outstanding balance of AED 5.2 billion (31 December 2021: AED 7.32 
billion) [Note 19] in medium-term loans. The Bank also established Certificate of Deposit (CD) 
programmes through its London branch in 2014 and its Hong Kong Branch in 2018.  
 
f) Stress Testing for a variety of short-term and protracted Group-specific and market-
wide stress scenarios 
Stress tests enable the Bank to analyze the impact of stress scenarios on its consolidated group 
wise liquidity position as well as on the liquidity position of individual entities. The stress 
scenarios have been designed to  incorporate the major funding and market liquidity risks to 
which the Bank is  exposed. ALCO and the Board reviews the bank’s choice of scenarios and 
related assumptions as well as the results of the stress tests. 
 
g) Contingency Funding Plan outlining the Bank’s step by step response to Liquidity 
contingency situations of different magnitudes 
Mashreqbank has a formal contingency funding plan (“CFP”), which is updated, reviewed and 
approved by the HO ALCO and the Board on an annual basis. The CFP provides a list of 
liquidity generation tools which would be used to counter liquidity stress at different stages of 
the contingency. 
 
h) FTP Framework for allocating liquidity costs, benefits and risks to all business 
activities 
 
Mashreqbank has a well-developed FTP policy and system that aims to create transparency in 
profitability and insulate Business Units from interest rate risk. 
 
F-154

--- Page 315 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
153 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
i) Regular Internal as well as CBUAE audits focused on HQLA cushion and Liquidity 
management policies and procedures 
 
Mashreqbank’s liquidity policies, procedures and systems are subject to end to end review by 
internal audit as well as by the CBUAE. 
 
The recovery in the oil prices along with renewed access to the international capital markets 
by GCC sovereigns and financial institutions however, have eased the concerns regarding 
GCC Governments’ finances and banking sector’s liquidity. In this environment, 
Mashreqbank has taken measures to manage its liquidity carefully. The Bank’s ALCO meets 
regularly with primary focus on monitoring cash flows and forecasts across all jurisdictions 
in which the Bank operates. The Bank has strengthened its liquidity buffer significantly 
through raising deposits. 
  
Prudent liquidity management by the Bank, has helped to ensure that the Bank is able to meet 
its clients’ banking services requirements effectively and without disruption. Recently, while 
high inflation readings as well as the Russia Ukraine crisis have negatively impacted the US 
and European capital markets, they have not had a discernable impact on liquidity in the UAE 
due to the accompanying rise in oil prices and the resultant increase in Government and 
Related Enterprises (“GRE”) cash balances. 
 
 
 
F-155

--- Page 316 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
154 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
The contractual maturities of assets and liabilities have been determined on the basis of the remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual 
maturity date.  
 
 
Maturity profile: 
 
The maturity profile of assets, liabilities and equity as at 31 December 2022 were as follows: 
 
 
Within  
3 months 
 
Over 3 to 6 
months 
 
Over 6 to 
12 months
 
Over 1 to 
5 years
 
Over  
5 years 
 
 
Total 
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks
 31,435,930 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31,435,930 
Deposits and balances due from banks
 16,472,142 
 
 6,215,754 
 
 3,160,179 
 
 2,998,373 
 
 -    
 28,846,448 
Other financial assets measured at fair value
 2,897,768 
 
 94,958 
 
 140,560 
 
 812,769 
 
 6,483,710 
 
 10,429,765 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost
 6,891,548 
 
 907,931 
 
 1,596,417 
 
 4,119,237 
 
 2,907,814 
 
 16,422,947 
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost
 23,749,242 
 
 5,878,467 
 
 3,897,573 
 
 19,542,951 
 
 22,562,111 
 
 75,630,344 
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost
 5,794,521 
 
 600,367 
 
 337,571 
 
 2,615,141 
 
 5,325,297 
 
 14,672,897 
Acceptances
 6,746,930 
 
 1,533,632 
 
 790,045 
 
 240,145 
 
 222 
 
 9,310,974 
Other assets
 4,729,576 
 
 1,452,740 
 
 161,436 
 
 118,758 
 
 336,794 
 
 6,799,304 
Reinsurance contract assets
 953,991 
 
 621,913 
 
 714,101 
 
 812,311 
 
 25,693 
 
 3,128,009 
Investment in associate
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 43,633 
 
 43,633 
Investment properties
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 464,840 
 
 464,840 
Property and equipment
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,395,485 
 
 1,395,485 
Intangible assets
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
230,667 
 
230,667 
Total assets  
 99,671,648 
 
 17,305,762 
 
 10,797,882 
 
 31,259,685 
 
 39,776,266 
 
 198,811,243 
F-156

--- Page 317 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
155 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
 
Total  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks
 26,934,282 
 
 795,035 
 
 670,139 
 
 -    
 -    
 28,399,456 
Repurchase agreements with banks
 1,452,959 
 
 473,223 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,926,182 
Customers’ deposits
 87,938,308 
 
 3,791,476 
 
 4,959,200 
 
 1,872,480 
 
 265,858 
 
 98,827,322 
Islamic customers’ deposits
 9,297,345 
 
 1,237,206 
 
 4,400,590 
 
 43,800 
 
 -    
 14,978,941 
Acceptances
 6,746,930 
 
 1,533,632 
 
 790,046 
 
 240,145 
 
 221 
 
 9,310,974 
Other liabilities
 7,134,352 
 
 347,442 
 
 385,466 
 
 166,891 
 
 218,893 
 
 8,253,044 
Medium-term loans
 311,623 
 
 -    
 112,525 
 
 4,761,752 
 
 37,665 
 
 5,223,565 
Subordinated debt
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,831,027 
 
 1,831,027 
Insurance contract liabilities
 1,746,174 
 
 906,027 
 
 955,395 
 
 1,522,449 
 
 512,048 
 
 5,642,093 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 23,541,324 
 
 23,541,324
Non-controlling interest
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 877,315 
 
 877,315 
Total liabilities and equity 
 141,561,973 
 
 9,084,041 
 
 12,273,361 
 
 8,607,517 
 
 27,284,351 
 
 198,811,243 
 
Guarantees
 7,624,106 
 
 3,092,458 
 
 4,918,972 
 
 4,796,054 
 
 10,643,541 
 
 31,075,131 
Letters of credit
 11,824,239 
 
 2,821,602 
 
 871,747 
 
 180,835 
 
- 
 
 15,698,423 
Total 
 19,448,345 
 
 5,914,060 
 
 5,790,719 
 
 4,976,889 
 
 10,643,541 
 
 46,773,554 
 
F-157

--- Page 318 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
156 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
The maturity profile of assets, liabilities and equity as at 31 December 2021 were as follows: 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over  
5 years  
 
 
Total  
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks
17,507,751 
-   
-   
-   
-   
17,507,751 
Deposits and balances due from banks
15,439,040 
5,434,342 
5,104,844 
2,826,869 
-   
28,805,095 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
 
4,240,414 
 
 
1,367,214 
 
 
4,607,737 
 
 
653,687 
 
 
5,572,071 
 
 
16,441,123 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost
 
1,839,475 
 
 
538,146 
 
 
1,114,300 
 
 
3,408,507 
 
 
3,377,396 
 
 
10,277,824 
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost
 
19,994,724 
 
 
5,047,357 
 
 
3,746,344 
 
 
18,142,111 
 
 
19,502,034 
 
 
66,432,570 
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost
 
7,086,840 
 
 
663,087 
 
 
463,508 
 
 
2,025,467 
 
 
4,814,552 
 
 
15,053,454 
Acceptances
3,847,093 
4,528,949 
5,831,140 
133,489 
-   
14,340,671 
Other assets
2,525,122 
194,799 
359,255 
78,028 
132,881 
3,290,085 
Reinsurance contract assets
781,827 
517,302 
595,935 
784,907 
19,995 
2,699,966 
Investment in associate
-   
-   
-   
-   
34,809 
34,809 
Investment properties
-   
-   
-   
-   
462,829 
462,829 
Property and equipment
-   
-   
-   
-   
1,426,096 
1,426,096 
Intangible assets
-   
-   
-   
-   
281,336 
281,336 
Total assets  
73,262,286 
18,291,196 
21,823,063 
28,053,065 
35,623,999 
177,053,609 
 
F-158

--- Page 319 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
157 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
 
Total  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks
15,978,784 
1,440,904 
2,143,798 
3,000 
-  
19,566,486 
Repurchase agreements with banks
1,418,213 
26,510 
782,459 
501,965 
-  
2,729,147 
Customers’ deposits
69,069,399 
6,962,385 
8,839,799 
2,003,605 
275,714 
87,150,902 
Islamic customers’ deposits
5,566,381 
4,474,303 
4,264,002 
27,401 
-  
14,332,087 
Acceptances
3,847,093 
4,528,949 
5,831,140 
133,489 
-  
14,340,671 
Other liabilities
4,831,789 
236,957 
576,549 
268,974 
114,039 
6,028,308 
Medium-term loans
457,792 
80,806 
1,542,065 
5,193,550 
40,906 
7,315,119 
Insurance contract liabilities
1,405,261 
804,938 
870,607 
1,081,089 
404,707 
4,566,602 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent 
-  
-  
-  
-  
20,228,225 
20,228,225 
Non-controlling interest 
-  
-  
-  
-  
796,062 
796,062 
Total liabilities and equity 
102,574,712 
18,555,752 
24,850,419 
9,213,073 
21,859,653 
177,053,609 
 
Guarantees
 9,102,914 
 2,854,797 
 4,966,230 
 6,368,103 
 10,414,471 
 33,706,515 
Letters of credit
 10,322,318 
 1,196,716 
 3,659,300 
 607,451 
 -  
 15,785,785 
Total 
 19,425,232 
 4,051,513 
 8,625,530 
 6,975,554 
 10,414,471 
 49,492,300 
 
 
 
 
 
F-159

--- Page 320 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
158 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
The following table summarises the maturity profile based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations as at 31 December 2022. 
 
 
Within 
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
 
Total  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
Deposits and balances due to banks
 26,934,283 
 
 795,035 
 
 670,138 
 
 -    
 -    
 28,399,456 
Repurchase agreements with banks
 1,452,959 
 
 473,223 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,926,182 
Customers’ deposits
 87,999,074 
 
 3,836,664 
 
 5,109,008 
 
 2,148,095 
 
 274,660 
 
 99,367,501 
Islamic customers’ deposits
 9,347,729 
 
 1,271,425 
 
 4,578,610 
 
 46,464 
 
 -    
 15,244,228 
Acceptances
 6,746,930 
 1,533,632 
 790,045 
 240,145 
 222 
 9,310,974 
Other liabilities
 7,134,352 
 
 347,442 
 
 385,466 
 
 166,891 
 
 218,893 
 
 8,253,044 
Medium-term loans
 316,872 
 
 -    
 114,248 
 
 4,826,812 
 
 38,351 
 
 5,296,283 
Subordinated debt
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,831,027 
 
 1,831,027 
Insurance contract liabilities
 1,746,174 
 
 906,027 
 
 955,395 
 
 1,522,449 
 
 512,048 
 
 5,642,093 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 23,541,324
 
 23,541,324 
Non-controlling interest
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 877,315 
 
 877,315 
Total liabilities and equity 
 141,678,373 
 
 9,163,448 
 
 12,602,910 
 
 8,950,856 
 
 27,293,840 
 
 199,689,427 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-160

--- Page 321 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
159 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
The following table summarises the maturity profile based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations as at 31 December 2021. 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
 
Total  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
15,978,784  
1,440,904  
2,143,798  
3,000  
-   
19,566,486 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
1,418,213  
26,510  
782,459  
501,965  
-   
2,729,147 
Customers’ deposits 
69,087,463  
7,001,277  
8,942,058  
2,416,153  
290,812  
87,737,763 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
5,573,160  
4,532,835  
4,490,105  
28,042  
-   
14,624,142 
Acceptances 
3,847,093  
4,528,949  
5,831,140  
133,489  
-   
14,340,671 
Other liabilities 
4,831,789  
236,957  
576,549  
268,975  
114,038  
6,028,308 
Medium-term loans 
459,999  
80,838  
1,550,939  
5,262,919  
41,606  
7,396,301 
Insurance contract liabilities 
1,405,261  
804,938  
870,607  
1,081,089  
404,707  
4,566,602 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent  
-  
 
-  
 
-  
 
-  
 
 
20,228,225 
 
 
20,228,225 
Non-controlling interest
-   
-   
-   
-   
796,062  
796,062 
Total liabilities and equity 
102,601,762 
18,653,208 
25,187,655 
9,695,632 
21,875,450 
178,013,707 
F-161

--- Page 322 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
160 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk 
 
The Group has a robust process for managing risks in accordance with the groupwide risk 
appetite. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) department supervises the Executive Risk 
Committee and the Risk Management Framework. The Executive Risk Committee is 
deliberately designed to be a second line of defense body but composed of members who are 
also in a position to take immediate executive actions to address risk issues. The Executive 
Risk Committee convenes at least on a quarterly basis. The Group has an ongoing commitment 
to maintain an effective risk culture, as it is critical to the Group’s success in maintaining and 
developing an effective risk management system. Accountabilities for the implementation and 
oversight of particular risk are aligned with individual executives. The risk owners are 
responsible for ensuring that the proper level of review and confirmation of the risk and 
control ratings/evaluations have been undertaken. The Group assess the exposure to climate 
changes risk by implementing scenario analysis and stress testing based on outcome of the 
modeling of natural catastrophic events exposure and by reviewing an impact on group’s 
profitability and solvency. The scenarios analysis covers different lines of businesses, 
countries, perils and return data. Overall, the outcome shows that the Group is well capitalized 
to reasonably absorb most of the shocks from the various scenarios included into the stress 
test. 
 
The Executive Committee oversees the management of insurance risks through its Risk 
Committee, Reinsurance Committee, Reserve Committee, Large and strategic accounts 
Forum and Audit Committee. Each of these committees has a distinct role to play within the 
risk governance framework.   
  
Insurance risk is the risk arising from the uncertainty around the actual experience and/or 
policyholder behavior being materially different than expected at the inception of an insurance 
contract. These uncertainties include the amount and timing of cash flows from premiums, 
commissions, expenses, claims and claim settlement expenses paid or received under a 
contract. 
 
For a portfolio of insurance contracts where the theory of probability is applied to pricing and 
provisioning, the principal risk that the Group faces under its insurance contracts is that the 
actual claims and benefit payments exceed the estimated amount of the insurance liabilities. 
This could occur because the frequency or severity of claims and benefits are greater than 
estimated. Insurance events are random and the actual number and amount of claims and 
benefits will vary from year to year from the estimate established using statistical techniques. 
 
The risk under any one insurance contract is the possibility that the insured event occurs and 
the uncertainty of the amount of the resulting claim. By the nature of an insurance contract, 
this risk is random and therefore unpredictable. Factors that aggravate insurance risk include 
lack of risk diversification in terms of type and amount of risk, geographical location and type 
of industry covered. 
F-162

--- Page 323 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
161 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
Experience shows that the larger the portfolio of similar insurance contracts, the smaller the 
relative variability about the expected outcome will be. In addition, a more diversified 
portfolio is less likely to be affected across the board by a change in any subset of the portfolio. 
The Group has developed its insurance underwriting strategy to diversify the type of insurance 
risks accepted and within each of these categories to achieve a sufficiently large population of 
risks to reduce the variability of the expected outcome.  
 
The Group manages risks through its underwriting strategy, adequate reinsurance 
arrangements and proactive claims handling. The underwriting strategy attempts to ensure that 
the underwritten risks are well diversified in terms of type and amount of risk, industry and 
geography. Underwriting limits are in place to enforce appropriate risk selection criteria. 
 
The distribution of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets as at 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 is as follows: 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
Insurance contract liabilities 
UAE
5,429,242
4,210,037
Other GCC and Middle East countries
212,851
356,565
5,642,093
4,566,602
 
Reinsurance contract assets 
 
UAE
2,995,022
2,438,103
Other GCC and Middle East countries
132,987
261,863
3,128,009
2,699,966
 
Frequency and Severity of Claims 
 
The Group has the right not to renew individual policies, to re-price the risk, to impose 
deductibles and to reject the payment of a fraudulent claim. Insurance contracts also entitle 
the Group to pursue third parties for payment of some or all costs (for example, subrogation). 
Furthermore, the Group’s strategy limits the total exposure to any one territory and the 
exposure to any one industry. 
F-163

--- Page 324 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
162 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
Sources of Uncertainty in the Estimation of Future Claim Payments 
 
The estimated cost of claims includes direct expenses to be incurred in settling claims, net of 
the expected subrogation value and other recoveries. The Group takes all reasonable steps to 
ensure that it has appropriate information regarding its claims’ exposures. However, given the 
uncertainty in establishing claims provisions, it is possible that the final outcome will prove 
to be different from the original liability established. The amount of insurance claims is in 
certain cases sensitive to the level of court awards and to the development of legal precedent 
on matters of contract and tort. Where possible, the Group adopts multiple techniques to 
estimate the required level of provisions. This provides a greater understanding of the trends 
inherent in the experience being projected. The projections given by the various 
methodologies also assist in estimating the range of possible outcomes. The most appropriate 
estimation technique is selected taking into account the characteristics of the business class 
and the extent of the development of each accident year. 
 
Assuming all the other factors remained constant; an impact of an increase / decrease of 1% 
in claims will result in corresponding increase / decrease in net claims incurred by AED 15.1 
million (2021: AED 15.5  million). 
 
Developments during the year 
 
Lloyd’s syndicate 
 
Syndicate 2880 was launched under the Syndicate-in-a-box initiative ("SIAB"). On 10 
February 2022, OIC’s Syndicate 2880 received Lloyd’s approval to commence underwriting 
and has started operations under interim operating model where underwriting is carried out 
from London, United Kingdom. OIC has incorporated Oman Insurance Management Services 
Limited (the “Service company”) in Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) as a fully 
owned subsidiary of Oman Insurance Company P.S.C. The Service company will exclusively 
underwrite the business on behalf of OIC’s Syndicate 2880 as per the delegated authority from 
the Syndicate 2880 upon approval from Lloyd’s of London. The Service company received 
its license from the Dubai Financial Service Authority (“DFSA”) on 18 October 2022 to 
commence its operations and subsequently, effective 1 January 2023, the Service company 
received Lloyd’s approval to commence its underwriting on behalf of the Syndicate 2880. As 
part of SIAB arrangement, OIC has also incorporated “OIC Corporate Member Limited”, a 
private limited company in England and Wales, United Kingdom as a fully owned subsidiary 
of Oman Insurance Company P.S.C. 
 
As part of SIAB arrangement, OIC on behalf of ‘OIC Corporate Member Limited’ has pledged 
certain bonds having nominal value of USD 31.88 million (equivalent to AED 117.08 million) 
to be held at Lloyd’s deposit with the beneficial ownership remains with OIC. The net book 
value of these bonds is AED 129.03 million as at 30 September 2022. 
F-164

--- Page 325 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
163 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
Portfolio acquisition 
 
On 23 February 2022, Sukoon and Assicurazioni Generali S.P.A acting through its branch 
office in the UAE ("Generali UAE") signed an agreement to transfer the unit linked life 
insurance portfolio of Generali UAE to Sukoon. The migration of the portfolio was completed 
on 21 November 2022 (portfolio transfer date) after obtaining necessary approvals from the 
regulators (the CBUAE and The Institute for the Supervision of Insurance (IVASS) in Italy). 
On the portfolio transfer date, the Group recognised unit linked assets and unit linked 
liabilities amounting to AED 688,737 thousand each in the consolidated statement of financial 
position. 
 
Sale of subsidiary 
 
On 4 March 2022, a share sale and purchase agreement was signed between Oman Insurance 
Company P.S.C. (OIC) and VHV Reasürans A.Ş. – Istanbul, Turkey (a company of VHV 
Group – Hannover, Germany) for OIC to fully sell 100% shareholding in the Group’s 
subsidiary Dubai Sigorta A.Ş., Turkey. The Company completed the transaction for the sale 
of its subsidiary, Dubai Sigorta A. Ş. After obtaining regulatory approval and subsequently 
shares were transferred on 14 June 2022 for a cash consideration of USD 26.64 million (AED 
97.84 million). 
 
The details of the sale of the subsidiary is as follows: 
 
As at 14 
June 2022 
AED’000
Cash consideration received
97,835
Carrying amount of net assets sold
(32,041)
Carrying amount of goodwill
(2,751)
Gain on sale before reclassification of foreign currency translation 
reserve
63,043
Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve
(89,003)
Loss on sale of a subsidiary recognized in condensed consolidated income 
statement 
(25,960)
 
Acquisition of ASCANA 
 
On 19 December 2022, Sukoon has signed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire a majority 
stake (in excess of 93%) in Arabian Scandinavian Insurance Company (P.S.C.) – Takaful – 
Ascana Insurance (ASCANA) from the key shareholders of ASCANA who represent this 
stake. The transaction is expected to be completed by Q1 2023 subject to regulatory approvals 
from SCA, CBUAE and DFM. This transaction and its financial effect will be reflected in the 
consolidated financial statements once the transaction is completed. 
F-165

--- Page 326 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
164 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact 
 
IFRS 17, ‘Insurance contracts’ is applicable for annual reporting periods commencing on 1 
January 2023 and the Group expects to first apply IFRS 17 on that date. IFRS 17 establishes 
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance 
contracts, reinsurance contracts and investment contracts with direct participation features 
(“DPF”). The key objectives of IFRS 17 are comparable recognition and measurement of 
contracts in the scope of the standard, the recognition of insurance service results based on the 
services provided to the policyholder and provision of disclosures that will enable the users of 
the financial statements to assess the impact of these contracts on the financial position, 
financial results and cash flows of the entity. The standard distinguishes between the sources 
of profit and quality of earnings between insurance service results and insurance finance 
income and expense (reflecting the time value of money and financial risk). 
 
IFRS 17 also allows entities, in limited circumstances, that have applied IFRS 9 ‘Financial 
instruments’ to annual reporting period before the initial application of IFRS 17, to redesignate 
their financial assets associated with insurance. The Group is in the process of assessing 
whether any financial assets will be redesignated. 
 
Both the Group’s audit committee and the IFRS 17 steering committee provide oversight and 
governance over the implementation of the IFRS 17 project. The steering committee is 
comprised of executive management as well as senior management from various functions 
including finance, actuarial, risk, information technology and reinsurance. Accounting policy 
papers, actuarial methodologies and disclosure requirements have been defined and are being 
implemented throughout the Group. The IFRS 17 project team remains up to date, and closely 
monitors, all technical developments from the IASB and industry to evaluate the effects of 
such developments. Where applicable, the policy and methodology papers are updated to 
reflect any changes in requirements. 
 
The Group has made significant progress in the implementation of IFRS 17 and working on 
following areas to complete the transition to IFRS 17;  
● Configuring remaining system integration, including policy choices and enhance key 
controls required to implement IFRS 17. 
● Produce and request business and external auditor sign-off of transition balances. 
● Finalise the layout and disclosure of the IFRS 17 compliant annual financial 
statements. 
● Finalise the management reporting and key performance measures. 
● Continue engaging with the executive committee and business through various 
training initiatives. 
● Finalise and implement future financial and data governance processes and 
accountabilities. 
F-166

--- Page 327 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
165 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
As the Group will be impacted by the application of IFRS 17. Below is an assessment of the 
expected impact. The assessment is preliminary because not all the transition work has been 
finalised. 
 
Measurement model 
 
Measurement is implemented on the basis of groups of contracts. To allocate individual 
insurance contracts to groups of contracts, an entity first needs to define portfolios which 
include contracts with similar risks and that are managed together. These portfolios are to be 
subdivided into groups of contracts on the basis of profitability and annual cohorts. IFRS 17 
consists of 3 measurement models: 
● The general measurement model, also known as the building block approach, consists 
of the fulfillment cash flows and the contractual service margin. 
● The variable fee approach is a mandatory modification of the general measurement 
model regarding the treatment of the contractual service margin in order to 
accommodate insurance contracts with direct participating features. 
● The premium allocation approach is an optional simplified approach for the 
measurement of the liability for remaining coverage. An entity may choose to use 
when the premium allocation approach provides a measurement which is not 
materially different from that under the general measurement model or if the coverage 
period of each contract in the group of insurance contracts is one year or less. Under 
the premium allocation approach, the liability for remaining coverage is measured as 
the amount of premiums received net of acquisition cash flows paid, less the net 
amount of premiums and acquisition cash flows that have been recognized in profit or 
loss over the expired portion of the coverage period based on the passage of time. 
 
The measurement of the liability for incurred claims is identical under all three measurement 
models, apart from the determination of locked-in interest rates used for discounting. An 
explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk is estimated separately from the other estimates 
for the liability for incurred claims. This risk adjustment represents compensation required for 
bearing uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash flows that arises from non-
financial risk. The risk adjustment forms part of the fulfilment cash flows for a group of 
insurance contracts. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-167

--- Page 328 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
166 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
The Group applies the premium allocation approach (PAA) to groups of insurance contracts 
that it issues and groups of reinsurance contracts that it holds where the coverage period is 12 
months or less. The Group performed PAA eligibility assessment for the groups of contracts 
where the coverage period is more than 12 months. Based on the assessment performed, the 
Group expects all of its contracts to be eligible for PAA measurement model, except for long 
term individual life business which will be measured under the GMM. The Group plans to 
apply the GMM for long term individual life insurance policies and the VFA for unit linked 
insurance policies. 
 
Insurance revenue and insurance service expenses are recognised in the statement of 
comprehensive income based on the concept of services provided during the period. The 
standard requires losses to be recognised immediately on contracts that are expected to be 
onerous. For insurance contracts measured under the PAA, it is assumed that contracts are not 
onerous at initial recognition, unless facts and circumstances indicate otherwise. The Group’s 
focus is to grow a profitable and sustainable business and does not anticipate the recognition 
of onerous contracts except where the following have been identified: 
● Relevant pricing decisions. 
● Initial stages of a new business acquired where the underlying contracts are onerous. 
● Any other strategic decisions the board considers appropriate. 
 
Accounting policy choices adopted by the Group 
 
Insurance acquisition cash flows: 
The Group capitalises insurance acquisition cash flows for all contracts. The Group allocates 
the acquisition cash flows to groups of insurance contracts issued or expected to be issued 
using a systematic and rational basis. The Group assesses the recoverability of the asset for 
insurance acquisition cash flows at each reporting period, if facts and circumstances indicate 
the asset may be impaired. 
 
Liability for Remaining Coverage (“LRC”) adjusted for financial risk and time value of money 
The Group makes an allowance for time value of money on the LRC.  
 
Liability for Incurred Claims (“LIC”) adjusted for time value of money 
The LIC will be discounted and adjusted for the time value of money. 
 
Insurance finance income and expenses 
The Group intends to include changes in discount rates and other financial changes within 
OCI. 
 
F-168

--- Page 329 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
167 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
Disaggregation of risk adjustment 
The Group will not disaggregate the change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk between 
a financial and non-financial portion and will include the entire change within the insurance 
service result. 
 
Areas of significant judgements 
 
The following are key judgements and estimates which the Group expects to apply as a result 
of IFRS 17. 
 
Discount rates 
 
The Group will use the bottom-up approach for groups of contracts other than long term 
individual life and top-down approach of long-term individual life contracts to derive the 
discount rates.  
 
Under the bottom-up approach, the discount rate is determined as the risk-free yield, adjusted 
for differences in liquidity characteristics between the financial assets used to derive the risk-
free yield and the relevant liability cash flows (known as an ‘illiquidity premium’). The 
primary difficulty is deriving the illiquidity premium which is required to adjust the risk-free 
yield curve. The risk-free curve itself will either be derived by the Group from risk free assets 
in the market, or the Group may choose to apply a published risk-free curve.  
 
Top-down approach starts with the determination of a reference portfolio. The reference 
portfolio yield will be taken as the yield on the underlying items to which the liability 
cashflows are linked.   
 
Risk adjustment 
The Group will estimate the risk adjustment using a confidence level (probability of 
sufficiency) approach. The Group will use stochastic techniques to estimate the probability 
distribution of the future cash flows which forms the basis for determining the risk adjustment. 
 
Unit of account  
Based on the contract review, the Group did not identify any contracts or arrangements that 
require combination, separation and aggregation which differ from recognition under IFRS 4 
and IFRS 17. 
 
 
 
F-169

--- Page 330 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
168 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
Modification and derecognition 
An insurance contract may be modified, either by agreement between the parties or as result 
of regulation. If the terms are modified, an entity must derecognise the original insurance 
contract and recognise the modified contract as a new contract, if and only if certain conditions 
as prescribed in IFRS 17 are satisfied. The exercise of a right included in the terms of a contract 
is not a modification. Any contract modification that changes the accounting model or the 
applicable standard for measuring the components of the insurance contract, is likely to result 
in derecognition. If a contract modification meets none of the conditions for derecognition, 
any changes in cash flows caused by the modification are treated as changes in the estimates 
of the fulfilment cash flows. For contracts applying the premium allocation approach, any 
adjustments to premium receipts or insurance acquisition cash flows arising from a 
modification adjust the liability for remaining coverage and insurance revenue is allocated to 
the period for services provided (which would also require judgement in determining the 
period to which the modification applies). 
 
Contractual Service Margin and Coverage units  
Currently under IFRS 4, earned premiums are recognized as revenue proportionally over the 
period of coverage. Since PAA will be applicable for the majority of the portfolios, there will 
be no material change in recognition of revenue under IFRS 17.  
 
For long term Individual Life portfolio, measured under the GMM, the Group will recognize 
a contractual service margin (CSM) which represents the unearned profit the group will earn 
as it provides service under those contracts.  A coverage units methodology will be used for 
the release of the CSM. Based on the benefit for the Policy Holders, the applicable CSM 
release pattern will be determined by using coverage unit methodology which will reflect the 
benefit defined in the insurance contracts with the policy holders. 
 
Investment component  
The Group will identify the investment component of a contract by determining the amount 
that it would be required to repay to the policyholder in all scenarios, regardless of whether 
the insurance event occurs. Under IFRS 17, the investment components will be excluded from 
the insurance revenue and insurance service expenses.   
 
F-170

--- Page 331 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
169 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
Contract boundaries 
 
Under IFRS 17, the measurement of a group of contracts includes all of the future cash flows 
within the boundaries of each contract in a group. The period covered by the premiums within 
the contract boundary is the “coverage period’, which is relevant when applying IFRS 17 
requirements. 
 
For insurance contracts, cash flows are within the contract boundary if they arise from 
substantive rights and obligation that exist during the reporting period in which the Group can 
compel the policyholder to pay premium or has a substantive obligation to provide services.  
For reinsurance contracts, cash flows are within the contract boundary if they arise from 
substantive rights and obligation that exist during the reporting period in which the Group is 
compelled to pay amounts to the reinsurer or has a substantive right to receive services from 
the reinsurer.  
 
Transition 
 
On the date of initial application, 1 January 2023, IFRS 17 standard has to be applied 
retrospectively (i.e. using the Full Retrospective Approach) unless impracticable. Where the 
full retrospective approach is impracticable, IFRS 17 allows for alternative transition methods 
as follows. 
- 
Modified retrospective approach: based on reasonable and supportable information 
available without undue cost and effort to the entity, certain modifications of 
requirements are applied to the extent their full retrospective application is not 
possible, but still with the objective to achieve the closest outcome to retrospective 
application possible; or 
- 
Fair value approach: the CSM is determined as the positive difference between the fair 
value determined in accordance with IFRS 13 and the fulfilment cash flows (any 
negative difference would be recognized in retained earnings at the transition date).  
 
Group has assessed that it is impractical to apply the full retrospective approach to groups of 
contracts or to an asset for insurance acquisition cash flows due to factors such as the 
impossibility of running models since the inception of the contracts, the lack of historical data, 
etc. The Group is currently assessing and finalising the transition approach to the groups of 
contracts. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-171

--- Page 332 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
170 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
IFRS 17 transition impact (continued) 
 
Impact on transition to IFRS 17 
 
Management expects that the adoption of IFRS 17 will have an impact on the amounts 
reported and disclosures made in these consolidated financial statements in respect of its 
insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held.  
 
The assessment of the impacts on the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements is in 
progress. Although the work is well advanced as of the date of the publication of these 
Consolidated Financial Statements, it is not yet practicable to reliably quantify them. 
 
Impact on presentation and disclosures on transition to IFRS 17 
 
In the consolidated statement of financial position, deferred acquisition costs and insurance 
related receivables will no longer be presented separately but as part of the insurance 
liabilities. This change in presentation will lead to a reduction in total assets, offset by a 
reduction in total liabilities.  
 
The amounts presented in the statement of financial performance relating to insurance revenue 
and the insurance service expenses, and insurance finance, income and expenses and 
corresponding reinsurance contracts held are disclosed within other income in the Group's 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
IFRS 17 will significantly change how insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts and 
investment contracts with DPF are presented and disclosed in the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements. The Group will be required to provide disaggregated qualitative and 
quantitative information about: 
● Amounts recognised in its financial statements from insurance contracts issued and 
reinsurance contracts held within the scope of IFRS 17;  
● Significant judgements, and changes in those judgements, when applying the standard; 
and 
● The nature and extent of the risks from contracts within the scope of the standard. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-172

--- Page 333 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
171 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Compliance Risk 
Compliance risk is the risk of an activity not being conducted in line with the applicable laws 
and regulations leading to reputational and/or financial losses. The Group manages 
compliance risk through a compliance function which is responsible for monitoring 
compliance of laws and regulations across the various jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates.  
In 2015, the Bank became aware that certain historical US dollar payment processing activities 
involving Sudan may have potentially breached US sanction laws in effect at the time. The 
Bank proactively cooperated with the UAE and the US regulators and appointed external legal 
advisors to assist in the review of these transactions, which occurred prior to March 2009, 
including compliance with US sanction laws as well as its own compliance processes. In 2018, 
the Bank formally submitted the findings of the review to the regulators in both the UAE and 
the US. 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2021 the Bank reached a joint settlement with the Office 
of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the New York State Department of Financial Services 
(DFS) and the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (FRB). The settlement included a financial 
penalty of US$100 million to be paid by the Bank to the DFS which was fully provided for 
and recognised as an expense in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021. No separate financial penalty was levied by OFAC and FRB. Dialogue with 
another US agency on the same matter is ongoing and, based on legal advice, it is premature 
at this stage to determine if the Bank is likely to be subject to any further penalty or the 
quantum of the penalty. The Group, on a continuous basis, identifies and assesses such risks 
and recognizes provisions, in consultation with its legal counsel, in accordance with the 
accounting policy for provisions as disclosed in note 3. 
F-173

--- Page 334 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
172 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements 
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of 
whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In 
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the 
characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics 
into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 
In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into 
Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are 
observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, 
which are described as follows: 
 
 
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date; 
 
 
Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are 
observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and  
 
 
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
Valuation techniques and assumptions applied for the purposes of measuring fair value 
 
The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined using similar 
valuation techniques and assumptions as used for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
 
Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on recurring basis 
 
Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting 
period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial 
assets are determined: 
 
 
 
F-174

--- Page 335 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
173 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
Other financial assets 
Fair value as at 
Fair value 
hierarchy Valuation techniques and key inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
input 
Relationship of 
unobservable 
inputs to fair 
value 
  
2022  
2021
AED’000  
AED’000
Other financial assets measured at
FVTPL 
  
   
  
  
  
  
Quoted debt investments 
202,752
257,064
Level 1
Quoted bid prices in an active market
None
Not Applicable
Quoted equity investments 
16,667
37,668
Level 1
Quoted bid prices in an active market
None
Not Applicable
Unquoted debt investments  
1,145,385
1,291,065
Level 2 
Based on the recent similar transaction 
in market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Funds 
1,286,743
686,534
Level 2 
Quoted prices in secondary market. 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted equity investments   
707
1,113
Level 3 
Net assets valuation method due to the 
unavailability 
of 
market 
and 
comparable financial information. Net 
assets values were determined based on 
the latest available audited / historical 
financial information.
Net assets value 
Higher 
the 
net 
assets value of the 
investees, 
higher 
the fair value. 
 
2,652,254
2,273,444  
 
 
 
F-175

--- Page 336 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued) 
 
174 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
Other financial assets 
Fair value as at 
Fair value 
hierarchy 
Valuation 
techniques and key 
inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
input 
Relationship of 
unobservable 
inputs to fair 
value 
  
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
Other financial assets measured at FVTOCI  
  
  
  
Quoted equity investments  
699,587 
577,857 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an 
active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted debt investments 
- 
559,930 
Level 3 
Based on the recent 
similar transaction in 
market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Quoted debt investments 
6,934,735 
12,920,789 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an 
active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted equity investments  
63,117 
53,589 
Level 3 
Comparable sales 
transactions with 
appropriate haircut, 
Discounted cash flows 
(DCF) and for very 
insignificant assets, net 
assets as per financial 
statements. 
1. Hair cut for 
comparable 
transactions. 
2. Interest rate 
1. Changes in hair 
cut for comparable 
sales transactions 
will directly 
impact fair value. 
 
2. Interest rate 
changes in DCF 
will directly 
impact the fair 
valuation 
calculation.
Funds 
80,072 
55,514
Level 2 
Quoted 
prices 
in 
secondary market.
None 
Not Applicable 
7,777,511
14,167,679
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
10,429,765
16,441,123
  
  
  
  
F-176

--- Page 337 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
175 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
There were no transfers between each of level during the year. There are no financial liabilities 
which should be categorised under any of the level in table above.  
 
The movement in the level 3 financial assets were due to exchange differences and changes in 
fair value.  
 
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial assets measured at FVTPL 
 
 
2022
2021
 
AED’000
AED’000
 
At 1 January
1,113  
1,112
Change in fair value 
(406)
1
At 31 December 
707
1,113
 
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial assets measured at FVTOCI 
 
2022
2021
AED’000
AED’000
At 1 January 
613,519
615,541
Purchases
12,856
7,933 
Disposals/matured
(573,611)
(1,118)
Change in fair value 
10,353
(8,837)
At 31 December 
63,117
613,519
 
All gain and losses included in consolidated statement of comprehensive income relate to 
unquoted investments in equity instruments held at the end of the reporting period and are 
reported as changes of ‘investments revaluation reserve’. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-177

--- Page 338 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
176 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
Fair value of financial instruments measured at amortised cost 
 
Except as detailed in the following table, the management considers that the carrying amounts of 
financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the consolidated financial 
statements approximate their fair values as these are substantially short term in nature and carry 
market rates of interest. 
 
 
Carrying  
Fair value 
 
amount
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
31 December 2022
Financial assets:
Other financial 
assets measured at 
amortised cost
16,451,362
13,843,005
1,468,843
741,681
16,053,529
31 December 2021
Financial assets:
Other financial 
assets measured at 
amortised cost
10,302,332
7,142,239
1,944,036
1,385,285
10,471,560
 
 
Carrying  
Fair value 
 
Amount
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
  AED’000
31 December 2022
Financial liabilities
Medium-term notes
5,223,565
4,060,351
-
1,055,949
5,116,300
31 December 2021
Financial liabilities
Medium-term notes
7,315,119
  5,259,890
-
2,070,100
7,329,990
 
F-178

--- Page 339 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
177 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
Fair value sensitivity analysis  
The following table shows the sensitivity of fair values to 1% increase or decrease as at 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
Reflected in 
consolidated 
statement of profit 
or loss 
Reflected in 
consolidated statement 
of comprehensive 
income 
Favourable 
change
Unfavourable 
change 
Favourable 
change
Unfavourable 
change
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
AED’000
31 December 2022 
Other financial assets  
measured at fair value
26,523 
 
(26,523)  
 
77,775 
 
(77,775) 
Derivatives
9,642  
(9,642) 
 
395 
(395) 
31 December 2021
Other financial assets 
measured at fair value
 22,734 
 (22,734)
 
141,677 
(141,677)
Derivatives
 6 
 (6)
 585 
 (585)
 
Majority of the derivative financial instruments are back-to-back; therefore, any change to the 
fair value of the derivatives resulting from price input changes will have insignificant impact on 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss or consolidated statement of comprehensive income.  
 
44 
Foreign restricted assets 
 
Net assets equivalent to AED 549 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: AED 
218 million) maintained by certain branches of the Bank, operating outside the UAE, are subject 
to exchange control regulations of the countries in which these branches operate. 
 
45  
Taxation 
 
Tax expense 
 
Tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2021, excludes an amount of AED 59 million which 
has been classified within general and administrative, this is immaterial to the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group and has not been adjusted. 
 
Implementation of UAE Corporation Tax Law and application of IAS 12 Income Taxes 
 
On 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance released Federal Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 
on the Taxation of Corporations and Businesses (Corporate Tax Law or the Law) to enact a 
Federal corporate tax regime in the UAE. 
F-179

--- Page 340 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (continued) 
 
178 
45  
Taxation (continued) 
 
Implementation of UAE Corporation Tax Law and application of IAS 12 Income Taxes (continued) 
 
The Law was published in the official gazette on 10 October 2022 and became effective on 25 
October 2022. The Corporate Tax law will apply to taxable persons for financial years beginning 
on or after 1 June 2023. Generally, UAE businesses will be subject to a 9% corporate tax rate, 
while a rate of 0% will apply to taxable income not exceeding AED 375,000. However, there are 
a number of significant decisions that are yet to be finalised by way of a Cabinet Decision, that 
are critical for entities to determine their tax status and the amount of tax due. Therefore, pending 
such important decisions by the Cabinet, the Group has determined that the Law is not applicable 
to the financial year ended 31 December 2022, and so not enacted or substantively enacted from 
the perspective of IAS 12 – Income Taxes. The Group shall continue to monitor the timing of the 
issuance of these critical Cabinet Decisions to determine its tax status and the applicability of 
IAS 12 – Income Taxes. The Group is currently in the process of assessing the possible impact 
on its financial statements, both from current and deferred tax perspective, in preparation for full 
compliance with the new Corporate tax law noting that the first tax period for the Group is starting 
on 1 January 2024. 
 
46 
Additional Tier 1 capital securities 
 
In July 2022, the Bank issued US$ 300 million (AED 1,101.9 million) regulatory Additional 
Tier 1 (AT1) capital securities. These securities are perpetual, conditional, subordinated and 
unsecured and are classified as equity. These securities are issued at a coupon rate of 8.5% 
p.a. The Bank can elect not to pay a coupon at its own discretion and has an option to call 
back the securities in July 2027 subject to Central Bank approval. 
 
47 
Subordinated debt 
 
In November 2022, the Bank issued US$ 500 million of subordinated Tier 2 notes. The notes, 
which were issued at a re-offer price and yield of 99.702 and 7.95 per cent, respectively, and with 
a coupon of 7.875%, are callable after 5.25 years and have a final maturity of 10.25 years .They 
will rank pari passu among themselves, rank subordinate and junior to all senior obligations and 
rank in priority only to all junior obligations, subject to solvency conditions. 
 
48 
Subsequent events 
 
There have been no events subsequent to the statement of financial position date that would 
significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
49 
Approval of consolidated financial statements 
 
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 were approved by 
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 30 January 2023. 
 
F-180

--- Page 341 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
F-181

--- Page 342 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Report and consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Contents 
Pages 
Board of Directors’ report 
1 
Independent auditor’s report 
2 - 9 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
10 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
11 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
12 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
13 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
14 - 15 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
16 – 173 
F-182

--- Page 343 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Board of Directors’ report  
The Board of Directors has pleasure in submitting their report and the audited consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Incorporation and registered offices  
Mashreqbank PSC was incorporated in the Emirate of Dubai in 1967 under a decree issued by 
The Ruler of Dubai. The address of the registered office is P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates.  
Principal activities  
The principal activities of the Bank are retail banking, commercial banking, investment 
banking, Islamic banking, brokerage and asset management. These activities are carried out 
through its branches in the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Hong Kong, India, 
Qatar, the United Kingdom and the United States of America.  
Financial position and results  
The financial position and results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set 
out in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  
Dividend  
The Board of Directors has proposed a cash dividend of 10% for the year ended 31 December 
2021 at the meeting held on 31 January 2022. 
Directors  
The following are the Directors of the Bank as at 31 December 2021 
Chairman:   
H.E. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Vice Chairman:  
Ali Rashed Ahmad Lootah 
Directors: 
 
Rashed Saif Saeed Al Jarwan Al Shamsi 
 Rashed Saif Ahmed Al Ghurair 
 John Gregory Iossifidis 
 Iyad Mazher Saleh Malas 
 Saeed Saif Ahmed Majid Al Ghurair 
Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been audited 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
By order of the Board of Directors  
H.E. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Chairman  
31 January 2022 
11
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-183

--- Page 344 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
2
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
2
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Mashreqbank PSC (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries (together the 
“Group”) as at 31 December  2021, and  its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated 
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
What we have audited 
 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise: 
• the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021; 
•
the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;
•
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
•
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
and other explanatory information.  
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
 
Independence 
 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the United Arab Emirates. 
We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the 
IESBA Code.   
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch), License no. 102451 
Emaar Square, Building 5, P O Box 11987, Dubai - United Arab Emirates 
T: +971 (0)4 304 3100, F: +971 (0)4 346 9150, www.pwc.com/me 
Mohamed ElBorno ,Jacques Fakhoury, Douglas O’Mahony, Murad Alnsour and Rami Sarhan are registered as practicing auditors with the UAE 
Ministry of Economy 
2
F-184

--- Page 345 ---
3
3
3
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
Key Audit Matters 
●
Measurement of Expected Credit Losses
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where the 
Directors made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates 
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in 
all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of 
material misstatement due to fraud.  
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the 
Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
F-185

--- Page 346 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
4
4
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Our audit approach (continued) 
 
Key audit matters (continued) 
 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit 
matter 
Measurement of Expected Credit Losses  
The Group applies Expected Credit Losses (ECL) 
on all its financial assets measured at amortised 
cost, debt instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and 
financial guarantee contracts including financing 
commitments. 
 
The Group exercises significant judgements and 
makes a number of assumptions in developing its 
ECL models, which includes probability of default 
computation separately for retail and corporate 
portfolios, determining loss given default and 
exposure at default for both funded and unfunded 
exposures, forward looking adjustments and 
staging criteria.  
We performed the following audit procedures on 
the computation of the  ECL included in the 
Group’s consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2021: 
 
➢ We tested the completeness and accuracy of 
the data used in the calculation of ECL. 
 
➢ For a sample of exposures, we checked the 
appropriateness of the Group’s  application of 
the staging criteria.  
 
➢ We involved our internal experts to assess 
the following areas: 
● 
Conceptual framework used for 
developing the Group’s impairment policy 
in the context of its compliance with the 
requirements of IFRS 9. 
● 
ECL modelling methodology and 
calculations used to compute the 
Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given 
Default (LGD), and exposure at default 
(EAD) for the Group’s classes of financial 
assets. The appropriateness of the model 
methodology was assessed, giving 
specific consideration to COVID-19 and 
the judgement overlay. 
● 
Reasonableness of the assumptions 
made in developing the modelling 
framework including assumptions used 
for estimating forward looking scenarios 
and significant increase in credit risk. 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
4
F-186

--- Page 347 ---
5
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
5
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Our audit approach (continued) 
Key audit matters (continued) 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit 
matter 
For defaulted exposures, the Group exercises 
judgements to estimate the expected future cash 
flows related to individual exposures, including the 
value of collateral. 
The Group’s impairment policy under IFRS 9 is 
presented in Note 3.14 to the consolidated 
financial statements. 
Measurement of ECL is considered as a key audit 
matter as the Group applies significant judgments 
and makes a number of assumptions which have 
significantly increased as a result of Covid-19, 
affecting the staging criteria applied to the 
financial assets as well as in developing ECL 
models and assumptions for calculating its 
impairment provisions. 
•
For a sample of exposures, we checked
the appropriateness of determining EAD,
including the consideration of repayments
and collateral.
Ø In addition, for the Stage 3 corporate portfolio,
the appropriateness of provisioning
assumptions were independently assessed for
a sample of exposures selected on the basis
of risk and the significance of individual
exposures. An independent view was formed
on the levels of provisions recognised, based
on the detailed loan and counterparty
information available in the credit file. For the
Stage 3 retail portfolio, assumptions were
independently assessed for each product
category and an independent view was formed
on the levels of provisions recognised.
  We assessed the consolidated financial 
statement disclosures to ensure compliance 
with IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 and the disclosures 
made relating to the impact of COVID-19 on 
ECL.  
F-187

--- Page 348 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
6
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
 
Other information  
 
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Board of 
Directors' report (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon) which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the Chairman’s Report, 
Corporate Governance Report and Financial Highlights, which are expected to be made available to 
us after that date. 
 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.  
 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
 
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date 
of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.  
 
When we read the Chairman’s Report, Corporate Governance Report and Financial Highlights, if we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to 
those charged with governance. 
 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the 
consolidated financial statements 
 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and their preparation in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Law No. (2) of 2015, as amended, and 
for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.  
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the 
Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process. 
 
 
F-188

--- Page 349 ---
7
7
7
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
•
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
•
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.
•
Conclude on the appropriateness of Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
F-189

--- Page 350 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
8
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with 
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Further, as required by the UAE Federal Law No. (2) of 2015, as amended, we report that: 
(i)
we have obtained all the information we considered necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(ii)
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared and comply, in all material
respects, with the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Law No. (2) of 2015 as
amended;
(iii)
the Group has maintained proper books of account;
(iv)
the financial information included in the Directors' report is consistent with the books of
account of the Group;
(v)
note 7 to the consolidated financial statements discloses the shares purchased by the
Group during the year ended 31 December 2021;
(vi)
note 37 to the consolidated financial statements discloses material related party
transactions, and the terms under which they were conducted;
F-190

--- Page 351 ---
9
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
9
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
Mashreqbank PSC Group (continued) 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements (continued) 
(vii)
Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements discloses the social contributions made
during the year ended 31 December 2021; and
(viii)
based on the information that has been made available to us, nothing has come to our
attention which causes us to believe that the Group has contravened during the financial
year ended 31 December 2021 any of the applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Law No.
(2) of 2015, as amended, or in respect of the Bank, its Articles of Association, which would
materially affect its activities or its financial position as at 31 December 2021.
Further, as required by Article (114) of the Decretal Federal Law No. (14) of 2018, we report that we 
have obtained all the information and explanations we considered necessary for the purpose of our 
audit. 
F-191

--- Page 352 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
10
Mashreqbank PSC Group
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
 
 
      Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Notes 
AED’000  
USD’000  
AED’000  
USD’000 
 
 
  Equivalent  
  
Equivalent 
 
 
  
  
  
 
ASSETS 
 
 
  
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
5 
17,507,751   4,766,608   17,941,941  
 4,884,819  
Deposits and balances due from banks 
6 
28,805,095   7,842,389   28,239,030  
 7,688,274  
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
7 
16,441,123   4,476,211   
8,439,103  
 2,297,605  
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost 7 
10,277,824  
2,798,210  11,000,654  
 2,995,005  
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
8 
66,432,570   18,086,733  57,286,411  
 15,596,627  
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost 
9 
 
15,053,454   
4,098,408  14,246,343  
 3,878,667  
Acceptances 
 
14,340,671  
3,904,348  12,767,461  
 3,476,031  
Other assets 
10 
3,290,085  
895,749  
3,478,455  
 947,035  
Reinsurance contract assets 
20 
2,699,966  
735,085  
2,891,920  
 787,345  
Investment in associate 
 
34,809  
9,477  
20,996  
 5,716  
Investment properties 
11 
462,829  
126,008  
449,715  
 122,438  
Property and equipment 
12 
1,426,096  
388,265   1,466,769   
 399,338  
Intangible assets 
13 
281,336  
76,596  
 294,442   
 80,164  
Total assets 
 
177,053,609   48,204,087   158,523,240  
 43,159,064  
 
 
  
  
  
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
  
  
  
 
LIABILITIES 
 
  
  
  
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
14 
19,566,486    5,327,113   14,844,380  
 4,041,487  
Repurchase agreements with banks  
15 
2,729,147   
 743,029   
2,289,723  
 623,393  
Customers’ deposits 
16 
87,150,902    23,727,444   76,375,973  
 20,793,894  
Islamic customers’ deposits 
17 
14,332,087    3,902,011   11,884,566  
 3,235,656  
Acceptances 
 
14,340,671   3,904,348   12,767,461  
 3,476,031  
Other liabilities 
18 
6,028,308   1,641,249   
5,808,908  
 1,581,516  
Medium-term loans 
19 
7,315,119   1,991,593   
9,616,042  
 2,618,035  
Insurance contract liabilities 
20 
4,566,602   1,243,290   
4,747,779  
 1,292,616  
Total liabilities 
 
156,029,322   42,480,077   138,334,832  
 37,662,628  
 
 
  
  
  
 
EQUITY 
 
  
  
  
 
Capital and reserves 
 
  
  
  
 
Issued and paid up capital 
21(a) 
2,006,098   
 546,174   
1,775,308  
 483,340  
Statutory and legal reserves 
21(b) 
1,012,320   
 275,611   
912,099  
 248,325  
General reserve 
21(c) 
312,000   
 84,944   
312,000  
 84,944  
Currency translation reserve 
21(d) 
(116,116)  
 (31,613)  
(98,332)   
 (26,771) 
Investments revaluation reserve 
21(e) 
(547,489)   (149,058)  
(358,088)   
 (97,492) 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
21(f) 
-  
 -   
(437)  
 (119) 
Retained earnings 
 
17,561,412   4,781,218   16,888,178  
 4,597,925  
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent 
 
20,228,225    5,507,276   19,430,728  
 5,290,152  
Non-controlling interests  
22 
796,062   
 216,734   
757,680  
 206,284  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Total equity 
 
21,024,287    5,724,010   20,188,408  
 5,496,436  
Total liabilities and equity 
 
177,053,609   48,204,087   158,523,240  
 43,159,064  
 
To the best of our knowledge, the consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial 
condition, results of operation and cashflows of the Group as of, and for, the periods presented therein. 
F-192

--- Page 353 ---
11
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
11
Mashreqbank PSC Group
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
For the year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
USD’000 
AED’000 
USD’000 
Notes 
Equivalent 
Equivalent 
Interest income 
24 
4,251,824 
1,157,589 
4,514,924 
 1,229,220 
Income from Islamic financing and 
investment products 
25 
475,253 
129,391 
543,477 
 147,965 
Total interest income and income from 
Islamic financing and investment products 
4,727,077 
 1,286,980 
5,058,401 
 1,377,185 
Interest expense 
26 
(1,505,704) 
 (409,939) 
(2,110,697) 
 (574,652) 
Distribution to depositors – Islamic products 27 
(175,884) 
 (47,886) 
(271,404) 
 (73,892) 
Net interest income and income from 
Islamic products net of distribution to 
depositors 
3,045,489 
829,155 
2,676,300 
 728,641 
Fee and commission income 
28 
3,418,086 
 930,598 
2,642,536 
 719,449 
Fee and commission expenses 
28 
(1,841,287) 
 (501,303) 
(1,423,024) 
 (387,428) 
Net fee and commission income 
1,576,799 
 429,295 
1,219,512 
 332,021 
Net investment income 
29 
176,807 
 48,137 
321,380 
 87,498 
Other income, net 
30 
1,006,977 
 274,157 
931,072 
 253,491 
Operating income 
5,806,072 
 1,580,744 
5,148,264 
 1,401,651 
General and administrative expenses 
32 
(2,622,957) 
 (714,119) 
(2,944,856) 
 (801,758) 
Operating profit before impairment 
3,183,115 
 866,625 
2,203,408 
 599,893 
Allowances for impairment, net 
31 
(2,058,626) 
 (560,475) 
(3,356,819) 
 (913,918) 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
1,124,489 
 306,150 
(1,153,411) 
 (314,025) 
Tax expense 
(48,778) 
 (13,280) 
(51,840) 
 (14,114) 
Profit/(loss) for the year 
1,075,711 
 292,870 
(1,205,251) 
 (328,139) 
Attributable to: 
Owners of the Parent 
1,002,203 
 272,857 
(1,277,826) 
 (347,897) 
Non-controlling interests 
73,508 
 20,013 
72,575 
 19,758 
1,075,711 
 292,870 
(1,205,251) 
 (328,139) 
Earnings/(loss) per share 
33 
AED 5.56 
USD 1.51 AED (7.09) 
USD (1.93) 
F-193

--- Page 354 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
12
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
AED’000
USD’000 
AED’000 
USD’000 
 
Equivalent 
 
Equivalent 
 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) for the year 
1,075,711  
292,870  (1,205,251) 
   (328,139) 
 
  
  
 
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
  
  
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss: 
  
  
 
 
Changes in fair value of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(equity instruments)  [Note 7(k)] 
58,631 
  
 
15,963  
(30,966) 
(8,431) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to  
 profit or loss: 
 
    
 
 
Changes in currency translation reserve 
(23,150) 
 (6,303)  
(13,072) 
(3,559) 
Changes in fair value of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(debt instruments) [Note 7(k)] 
(232,616)  
 
 
(63,332)  
(73,325) 
(19,963) 
Loss/(gain) on hedging instruments designated as 
hedges of net investment in foreign operations  
(1,586)  
 
 (432)  
716 
196 
Cash flow hedges - fair value loss arising  
 during the year [Note 21(f)] 
437  
 
 120   
(4,729)  
(1,288) 
Total other comprehensive loss for the year 
(198,284)  
 (53,984)  
(121,376)  
(33,045) 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 
877,427  
 238,886   (1,326,627) 
(361,184) 
 
 
  
 
 
Attributable to: 
 
  
 
 
Owners of the Parent 
791,895  
 215,599   (1,391,731) 
(378,909) 
Non-controlling interests 
85,532  
 23,287   
65,104 
17,725 
 
877,427  
238,886  (1,326,627) 
(361,184) 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
F-194

--- Page 355 ---
13
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
13
Mashreqbank PSC Group  
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
13 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Issued and 
paid up 
capital 
Statutory 
and legal 
reserves 
General 
reserve 
   Currency 
translation 
reserve 
Investments 
revaluation 
reserve 
Cash flow 
hedge 
reserve 
Retained 
earnings 
Equity 
attributable 
to owners of 
the  Parent 
Non-
controlling 
interests 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Balance at 1 January 2020 
1,775,308 
907,714 
312,000 
(88,720) 
(273,595) 
4,292 
18,895,583 
21,532,582 
710,348 
22,242,930 
Loss for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
- 
-
- 
-
-
-
(1,277,826) 
(1,277,826)
72,575 
(1,205,251) 
Other comprehensive loss for the year 
- 
-
- 
(9,612) 
(99,564) 
(4,729)  
- 
(113,905)
(7,471) 
(121,376) 
Total comprehensive loss for the year 
- 
-
- 
(9,612) 
(99,564) 
(4,729) 
(1,277,826) 
(1,391,731) 
65,104 
(1,326,627) 
Transfer from investments revaluation 
   reserve to retained earnings  
- 
-
- 
-
15,071 
-
(15,071)
- 
-
- 
Transfer to statutory and legal reserves 
-
4,385
- 
-
- 
-
(4,385)
- 
-
- 
Transaction with non-controlling interest 
(NCI) 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
(17,772) 
(17,772) 
Payment of dividends [Note 21(g)] 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
(710,123) 
(710,123) 
-
(710,123)
Balance at 31 December 2020 
1,775,308 
912,099 
312,000 
(98,332) 
(358,088) 
(437)
16,888,178 
19,430,728
757,680 
20,188,408 
Profit for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
- 
-
- 
-
-
-
1,002,203
1,002,203 
73,508 
1,075,711 
Other comprehensive loss/(income) for 
the year 
- 
-
- 
(17,784) 
(192,962) 
437 
-
(210,309)
12,024 
(198,285) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
- 
-
- 
(17,784) 
(192,962) 
437 
1,002,203 
791,894 
85,532 
877,426 
Transfer from investments revaluation  
   reserve to retained earnings  
- 
-
- 
-
3,561 
-
(3,561)
- 
-
- 
Transfer to statutory and legal reserves 
-
100,221
- 
-
- 
-
(100,221)
- 
-
- 
Bonus shares issued during the year 
230,790 
- 
-
- 
-
-
(230,790)
- 
-
- 
Transaction with common control entity 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
5,603 
5,603 
5,603 
Transaction with non-controlling interest 
(NCI) (Note 22) 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
(14,325) 
(14,325) 
Payment of dividends (Note 22) 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
(32,825) 
(32,825) 
Balance at 31 December 2021 
2,006,098 
1,012,320 
312,000 
(116,116) 
(547,489) 
-
17,561,412 
20,228,225
796,062 
21,024,287 
F-195

--- Page 356 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
14
Mashreqbank PSC Group  
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
For the year ended 31 December
2021
2020
Notes 
AED’000
USD’000
AED’000
USD’000
Equivalent
Equivalent
Cash flows from operating activities 
Profit/(loss) before taxation for the year 
1,124,489 
306,150 
(1,153,411) 
 (314,025) 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation and amortisation 
32 
 255,569 
 69,580 
231,963 
 63,154 
Allowances for impairment, net 
31
 2,058,626 
 560,475 
3,356,819 
 913,919 
Gain on disposal of property and 
equipment 
30 
3,447 
 939 
(8,110) 
 (2,208) 
Unrealised gain on other financial assets 
held at FVTPL  
29 
 (8,521) 
 (2,320) 
(9,564) 
 (2,604) 
Fair value adjustments of investment 
properties 
30 
(13,114) 
 (3,571) 
23,876 
 6,500 
Net realized gain from sale of other 
financial assets measured at FVTPL 
29 
 (28,305) 
 (7,706) 
(43,145) 
 (11,747) 
Dividend income from other financial 
assets measured at FVTOCI 
29 
 (21,337) 
 (5,809) 
(24,961) 
 (6,796) 
Net realised gain from sale of other 
financial assets measured at amortised 
cost/ FVTOCI 
29 
 (117,603) 
 (32,018) 
(242,328) 
 (65,976) 
Share of loss from associate 
 (7,090) 
 (1,930) 
(8,359) 
 (2,276) 
Unrealised (gain)/loss on derivatives 
30 
 (30,724) 
 (8,365) 
19,602 
 5,337 
Operating cash flows before tax paid 
and changes in operating assets and 
liabilities 
3,215,437 
 875,425 
2,142,382 
583,278 
Tax paid 
(48,778) 
(13,280) 
(51,840) 
 (14,114) 
Changes in operating assets and 
liabilities 
Decrease/(increase) in deposits with 
central banks  
 4,363,482 
 1,187,989 
(346,953) 
  (94,460) 
Increase in deposits and balances due 
from banks maturing after three months 
(4,029,531) 
(1,097,068) 
(309,339) 
 (84,220) 
(Increase)/decrease in loans and 
advances measured at amortised cost 
 (10,926,602) 
(2,974,844) 
  1,755,721 
  478,007 
Increase in Islamic financing and 
investment products measured at 
amortised cost 
(984,092) 
 (267,926) 
(102,448) 
  (27,892) 
Decrease/(increase)  in reinsurance assets 
 191,954 
 52,261 
(306,002) 
 (83,311) 
Decrease/(increase)  in other assets 
 219,532 
 59,769 
(1,089,214) 
(296,546) 
(Increase)/decrease in financial assets 
carried at FVTPL 
(783,251) 
 (213,246) 
3,893 
 1,060 
Increase in repurchase agreements with 
banks 
439,424 
 119,636 
1,201,186 
327,031 
Increase/(decrease) in customers’ 
deposits 
 10,774,929 
 2,933,550 
(63,599) 
 (17,315) 
Increase/(decrease)  in Islamic 
customers’ deposits 
 2,447,522 
 666,356 
(2,644,695) 
 (720,037) 
Increase in deposits and balances due to 
banks 
4,722,106 
 1,285,626 
3,659,885 
 996,429 
(Decrease)/increase in insurance contract 
liabilities 
 (181,177) 
 (49,327) 
493,990 
 134,493 
Increase in other liabilities 
 120,435 
 32,789 
858,350 
233,692 
Net cash generated from operating 
activities 
 9,541,390 
 2,597,710 
5,201,317 
1,416,095 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
F-196

--- Page 357 ---
15
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
15
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
Notes
AED’000  
USD’000 
AED’000 
USD’000 
Equivalent 
Equivalent 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Purchase of property and equipment 
12 
 (129,216) 
 (35,180) 
(336,461) 
 (91,604) 
Purchase on intangible assets 
13 
 (82,298) 
 (22,406) 
(137,468) 
 (37,427) 
Proceeds from sale of property and  
equipment  
 1,441 
 393 
117,500 
31,990 
Purchase of other financial assets measured 
at fair value or amortised cost 
(40,877,370) 
(11,129,151) 
(12,740,338) 
 (3,468,646) 
Proceeds from sale of other financial assets 
measured at fair value or amortised cost 
34,330,239 
 9,346,648 
8,885,295 
 2,419,084 
Dividend income from other financial assets 
measured at FVTOCI  
29 
 21,337 
 5,809 
24,961 
 6,796 
Investment in associate  
 (13,813) 
 (3,761) 
- 
- 
Net cash used in investing activities 
 (6,749,680) 
 (1,837,648) 
(4,186,511) 
 (1,139,807) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Transaction with NCI 
 (14,325) 
 (3,900) 
(17,772) 
 (4,839) 
Dividend paid 
 (32,825) 
 (8,937) 
(710,123) 
 (193,336) 
Medium term notes issued  
- 
-   
2,355,258 
 641,236 
Medium term notes redeemed  
 (2,300,922) 
 (626,442) 
(4,577,973) 
 (1,246,385) 
Net cash used in financing activities 
 (2,348,072) 
 (639,279) 
(2,950,610) 
(803,324) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
 443,638 
 120,783 
(1,935,804) 
  (527,036) 
Net foreign exchange difference 
 17,784 
 4,842 
9,613 
 2,617 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
20,840,616 
5,674,004 
22,766,807 
 6,198,423 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 
December 
35 
21,302,038 
5,799,629 
20,840,616 
5,674,004 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
F-197

--- Page 358 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
16
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021  
1 
General information 
Mashreqbank PSC (the “Bank”) was incorporated in the Emirate of Dubai in 1967 under a 
decree issued by The Ruler of Dubai. The Bank carries on retail banking, commercial banking, 
investment banking, Islamic banking, brokerage and asset management activities through its 
branches in the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Hong Kong, India, Qatar, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America.   
The accompanying consolidated financial statements combine the activities of the Bank and its 
subsidiaries (collectively the “Mashreqbank PSC Group” or “Group”), as listed in Note 36. 
The address of the Bank’s registered office is P.O. Box 1250, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) 
2.1 
New and revised IFRS applied on the consolidated financial statements 
The following new and revised IFRS, which became effective for annual periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2021, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. The 
application of these revised IFRSs, except where stated, have not had any material impact on the 
amounts reported for the current and prior years. 

Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform – phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS
39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 - The Phase 2 amendments address issues that arise
from the implementation of the reforms, including the replacement of one benchmark
with an alternative one. The amendments cover the following areas:
Accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows as a
result of IBOR reform: For instruments to which the amortised cost measurement
applies, the amendments require entities, as a practical expedient, to account for
a change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of
IBOR reform by updating the effective interest rate using the guidance in
paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS 9. As a result, no immediate gain or loss is recognised.
This practical expedient applies only to such a change and only to the extent it is
necessary as a direct consequence of IBOR reform, and the new basis is
economically equivalent to the previous basis. Insurers applying the temporary
exemption from IFRS 9 are also required to apply the same practical expedient.
IFRS 16 was also amended to require lessees to use a similar practical expedient
when accounting for lease modifications that change the basis for determining
future lease payments as a result of IBOR reform.
End date for Phase 1 relief for non-contractually specified risk components in
hedging relationships: The Phase 2 amendments require an entity to
prospectively cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs to a non-contractually specified
risk component at the earlier of when changes are made to the non-contractually
specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is discontinued. No
end date was provided in the Phase 1 amendments for risk components.
F-198

--- Page 359 ---
17
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
17
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021  
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) (continued) 
 
2.1 
New and revised IFRS applied on the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
 
 
Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform – phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 
39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 
 
 Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting 
requirements: The Phase 2 amendments provide some additional temporary 
reliefs from applying specific IAS 39 and IFRS 9 hedge accounting 
requirements to hedging relationships directly affected by IBOR reform.  
 
 Additional IFRS 7 disclosures related to IBOR reform: The amendments 
require disclosure of: (i) how the entity is managing the transition to alternative 
benchmark rates, its progress and the risks arising from the transition; (ii) 
quantitative information about derivatives and non-derivatives that have yet to 
transition, disaggregated by significant interest rate benchmark; and (iii) a 
description of any changes to the risk management strategy as a result of IBOR 
reform. 
 
Refer to page 144 of the financial statements for the impact of IBOR reform on the 
Group. 
 
 
Amendment to IFRS 16, 'Leases' - Covid-19 related rent concessions - As a result 
of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, rent concessions have been granted to 
lessees. In May 2020, the IASB published an amendment to IFRS 16 that provided an 
optional practical expedient for lessees from assessing whether a rent concession 
related to COVID-19 is a lease modification. On 31 March 2021, the IASB published 
an additional amendment to extend the date of the practical expedient from 30 June 
2021 to 30 June 2022. Lessees can elect to account for such rent concessions in the 
same way as they would if they were not lease modifications. In many cases, this will 
result in accounting for the concession as variable lease payments in the period(s) in 
which the event or condition that triggers the reduced payment occurs. 
 
 
F-199

--- Page 360 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
18
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) (continued) 
 
2.2 
New and revised IFRS issued but not yet effective and not early adopted 
 
The Group has not yet applied the following new standards, amendments and interpretations 
that have been issued but are not yet effective: 
 
New standards, amendments and interpretations 
Effective for 
annual periods 
beginning on 
or after 
 
 
IFRS 17, ‘Insurance contracts’ - On 18 May 2017, the IASB 
finished its long-standing project to develop an accounting 
standard on insurance contracts and published IFRS 17, 
‘Insurance Contracts’. IFRS 17 replaces IFRS 4, which currently 
permits a wide variety of practices. IFRS 17 will fundamentally 
change the accounting by all entities that issue insurance contracts 
and investment contracts with discretionary participation 
features. The standard applies to annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2023, with earlier application permitted if IFRS 
15, ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ and IFRS 9, 
‘Financial instruments’ are also applied. IFRS 17 requires a 
current measurement model, where estimates are remeasured in 
each reporting period. The measurement is based on the building 
blocks of discounted, probability-weighted cash flows, a risk 
adjustment and a contractual service margin (“CSM”) 
representing the unearned profit of the contract. A simplified 
premium allocation approach is permitted for the liability for the 
remaining coverage if it provides a measurement that is not 
materially different from the general model or if the coverage 
period is one year or less. However, claims incurred will need to 
be measured based on the building blocks of discounted, risk-
adjusted, probability weighted cash flows. 
Management expects that the adoption of IFRS 17 will have an 
impact on the amounts reported and disclosures made in these 
consolidated financial statements in respect of its insurance 
contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held. However, it is not 
practicable to provide a reasonable estimate of the effects of the 
application of this standard until the Group performs a detailed 
review. Management has completed the gap analysis in relation 
to this standard and is currently in the process of performing a 
detailed assessment of the impact of the above new standard on 
the Group's consolidated financial statements. Due to the short 
term nature of the majority of the contracts issued by the Group, 
the Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)  model will be applied 
and the general model / variable fee approach model will be 
applied to the insurance contracts that do not meet the PAA 
eligibility criteria. 
1 January 2023 
F-200

--- Page 361 ---
19
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
19
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) (continued) 
2.2 
New and revised IFRS issued but not yet effective and not early adopted 
(continued) 
New standards, amendments and interpretations 
Effective for 
annual periods 
beginning on or 
after 

Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements’ 
on classification of liabilities - These narrow-scope amendments
to IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’, clarify that 
liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, 
depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting 
period. Classification is unaffected by the expectations of the
entity or events after the reporting date (for example, the receipt
of a waiver or a breach of covenant). The amendment also
clarifies what IAS 1 means when it refers to the ‘settlement’ of a
liability.
The impact of the above amendment is expected to be immaterial
on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Deferred until 
accounting periods 
starting not earlier 
than 1 January 2024 

Narrow-scope amendments to IFRS 3, IAS 16, IAS 37 and
some annual improvements on IFRS 9 and IFRS 16
Amendments to IFRS 3, ‘Business combinations’ update a
reference in IFRS 3 to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
Reporting without changing the accounting requirements for
business combinations.
Amendments to IAS 16, ‘Property, plant and equipment’
prohibit a company from deducting from the cost of property,
plant and equipment amounts received from selling items
produced while the company is preparing the asset for its
intended use. Instead, a company will recognise such sales
proceeds and related cost in profit or loss.
Amendments to IAS 37, ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and
contingent assets’ specify which costs a company includes when
assessing whether a contract will be loss-making.
Annual improvements make minor amendments to IFRS 9,
‘Financial 
instruments’, 
and 
the 
Illustrative 
Examples
accompanying IFRS 16, ‘Leases’.
The impact of the above amendments is expected to be
immaterial on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
1 January 2022 
F-201

--- Page 362 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
20
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
2 
Application of new and revised International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) (continued) 
2.2 
New and revised IFRS issued but not yet effective and not early adopted 
(continued) 
New standards, amendments and interpretations 
Effective for 
annual periods 
beginning on or 
after 

Narrow scope amendments to IAS 1, Practice statement 2
and IAS 8 - The amendments aim to improve accounting policy
disclosures and to help users of the financial statements to
distinguish between changes in accounting estimates and
changes in accounting policies.
The impact of the above amendments is expected to be
immaterial on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
1 January 2023 

Amendment to IAS 12 – deferred tax related to assets and
liabilities arising from a single transaction - These
amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax on
transactions that, on initial recognition give rise to equal
amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences.
1 January 2023 
There are no other relevant applicable new standards and amendments to published standards 
or IFRS IC interpretations that have been issued but are not effective for the first time for the 
Group’s financial year beginning on 1 January 2021 that would be expected to have a material 
impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
F-202

--- Page 363 ---
21
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
21
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies 
3.1 
Statement of compliance 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting 
Standards Board (“IASB”) and applicable requirements of the laws of the United Arab 
Emirates (“UAE”). 
The Group is required, for the year ended 31 December 2021, to be in compliance with the 
provisions of the UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 2015, as amended.  
On 20 September 2021, the UAE Federal Decree Law No. 32 of 2021 ("Companies Law") was 
issued and came into effect on 2 January 2022 which repealed the UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 
2015. The Group has 12 months from 2 January 2022  to comply with the provisions of the 
UAE Federal Decree Law No 32 of 2021. 
3.2 
Basis of preparation 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared on the historical cost 
basis except for certain financial instruments, including derivatives, investment properties and 
reserves for unit linked policies which are measured at fair value. 
Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for 
assets.  
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) and all 
values are rounded to the nearest thousands AED, except where otherwise indicated. 
The accounting policies used in the preparation of this consolidated financial statements are 
consistent with those audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial 
statements are set out below: 
F-203

--- Page 364 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
22
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation 
These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Bank and 
entities controlled by the Bank and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Bank: 

has power over an investee,

is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee,
and

has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s
returns.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate 
that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the 
investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant 
activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances 
in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, 
including: 

the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of
holdings of the other vote holders;

potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders and other parties;

rights raising from other contractual arrangements; and

any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not
have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need
to be made, including voting patterns and previous shareholders’ meetings.
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Bank obtains control over the subsidiary and/or 
ceases when the Bank loses control over the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a 
subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss from the date the Bank gains control until the date when the Bank ceases to control 
the subsidiary.  
Profit or loss of each component of other comprehensive income is attributable to the owners of 
the Group and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is 
attributable to the owners of the Bank and to the non-controlling interest even if this results in 
the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intragroup assets, 
liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of 
the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
F-204

--- Page 365 ---
23
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
23
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
Changes in the Group’s ownership interest in existing subsidiaries 
Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group 
losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying 
amounts of the Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the 
changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by 
which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or 
received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to shareholders of the Parent. 
When a change in the Group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary results in a loss of control 
over the subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary including any goodwill are 
derecognised. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of 
that entity are also reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss or transferred 
directly to retained earnings. 
Any retained equity interest in the entity is remeasured at fair value. The difference between 
the carrying amount of the retained interest at the date when control is lost and its fair value 
is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is 
lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 
9 ‘Financial Instruments’ or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment 
in an associate or a joint venture. 
Business combinations 
Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration 
transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum 
of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred 
by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group 
in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in 
profit or loss as incurred. 
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business 
combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the 
acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on 
an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s 
proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets. 
F-205

--- Page 366 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
24
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
 
Business combinations (continued) 
 
The excess of the 
 
 
consideration transferred; 
 
amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity; and 
 
acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity 
 
over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those 
amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the 
difference is recognised directly in the consolidated statement profit or loss as a bargain 
purchase. 
 
Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the 
future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used 
is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could 
be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. 
 
Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts 
classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair 
value recognised in profit or loss. 
 
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the 
acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the 
acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit 
or loss. 
 
Investment in joint venture 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the 
arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the 
contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions 
about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 
 
Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and 
adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of 
the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive 
income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from 
associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the 
investment. 
 
 
F-206

--- Page 367 ---
25
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
25
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.3 
Basis of consolidation (continued) 
Investment in joint venture (continued) 
When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its 
interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Company does 
not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of 
the other entity. 
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures 
are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are 
also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset 
transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where 
necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group. 
When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the joint venture or business 
is remeasured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in the carrying 
amount recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. The fair value becomes the 
initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as 
a joint venture. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive 
income in respect of that entity or business are accounted for as if the related assets or 
liabilities have been directly disposed off. If the ownership in a joint venture is reduced but 
joint control is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in 
other comprehensive income are reclassified to the statement of profit or loss where 
appropriate. 
3.4 
Goodwill 
Goodwill arising on acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of 
acquisition of the business (see Note 3.3 above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any. For 
the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating 
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the 
combination.  
A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, 
or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit might be impaired. If the recoverable 
amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount, the impairment loss is 
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the 
other assets of the unit pro-rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any 
impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss 
recognised for goodwill is not reversed in the subsequent periods.  
On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included 
in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.  
F-207

--- Page 368 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
26
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.5 
Revenue recognition  
(a)
Interest income and expense
Interest income and expense for all interest-bearing financial instruments is calculated by 
applying the effective interest rate (refer Note 3.14.1) to the gross carrying amount of the 
financial instrument, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired 
(or stage 3), for which interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to 
their amortised cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss provision) and are recognised within 
‘interest income’ and ‘interest expense’ in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
(b)
Income from Islamic financing and investments products
The Group’s policy for recognition of income from Islamic financing and investments products 
is described in Note 3.20 (iii). 
(c)
Fee and commission income and expenses
The Group earns fee and commission income from a diverse range of services it provides to its 
customers. Fee income can be divided into the following two categories: 
(i)
Fees earned for the provision of services over a period of time are accrued over that
period. These fees include commission income and asset management, custody and other
management and advisory fees. Loan commitment fees for loans that are likely to be
drawn down and other credit-related fees are deferred (together with any incremental
costs) and recognised as an adjustment to the effective interest rate on the loan. When it
is unlikely that a loan will be drawn down, the loan commitment fees are recognised over
the commitment period on a straight-line basis.
(ii)
Fees arising from negotiating or participating in the negotiation of a transaction for a third
party, such as the arrangement of the acquisition of shares or other securities or the
purchase or sale of businesses, are recognised on completion of the underlying
transaction. Fees or components of fees that are linked to a certain performance are
recognised after fulfilling the corresponding criteria.
(d)
Dividend income
Dividend income from investments is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
when the Group’s right to receive dividend has been established (provided that it is probable that 
the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of Income can be measured 
reliably).  
F-208

--- Page 369 ---
27
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
27
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.5 
Revenue recognition (continued) 
(e)
Insurance contracts revenue and insurance commission income
Premiums are recognised as revenue (earned premium) on time-proportion basis over the 
effective period of policy coverage. The portion of premium received on in-force contracts that 
relates to unexpired risks at the end of the reporting period is reported as the unearned premium 
liability. 
Premium on life assurance policies are accounted for on the date of writing of policies and on 
subsequent due dates. 
Insurance commission income is recognised when the policies are written based on the terms 
and percentages agreed with the reinsurers. 
(f)
Gain or loss from redemption of medium-term loans
Gain or loss from redemption of medium-term loans represents the difference between the 
amount paid and the carrying amount of the liability on the date of redemption. 
(g)
Rental income
Rental income from investment property which are leased under operating leases are recognised 
on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 
3.6 
Leasing 
The group leases various branches, offices and premises for ATMs. Rental contracts are 
typically made for fixed periods of 12 months to 5 years, but may have extension options. 
Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms 
and conditions.  
Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which 
the leased asset is available for use by the group. Each lease payment is allocated between the 
liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so 
as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for 
each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and 
the lease term on a straight-line basis. 
F-209

--- Page 370 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
28
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.6 
Leasing (continued) 
 
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in 
the measurement of the liability.  
 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate 
cannot be readily determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate 
that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset 
of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms 
and conditions.  
 
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:  
 
the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability; and  
 
any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives 
received  
 
 3.7 
Foreign currencies 
 
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the 
purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each entity 
are expressed in UAE Dirham (AED), which is the functional currency of the Bank, and the 
presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements. 
  
The presentation currency of the Group is the UAE Dirham (AED); however, for presentation 
purposes only, additional columns for US Dollar (USD) equivalent amounts have been presented 
in the consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement of profit or loss, 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flows and 
certain notes to the consolidated financial statements using a fixed conversion rate of USD 1.00 
= AED 3.673.  
 
In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other 
than the Group’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recorded at the rates of exchange 
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At each reporting date, monetary items denominated 
in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the reporting date. Non-monetary 
items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates 
prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured 
in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-210

--- Page 371 ---
29
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
29
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.7 
Foreign currencies (continued) 
Exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period 
in which they arise except for: 

Exchange differences which relate to assets under construction for future productive use,
which are included in the cost of those assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to
interest costs on foreign currency borrowings;

exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign
currency risks; and

exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign
operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur, which form part of
the net investment in a foreign operation, and which are recognised initially in the foreign
currency translation reserve and recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss on
disposal of the net investment.
For the purpose of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of 
the Group’s foreign operations are expressed in AED using exchange rates prevailing at the 
reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the 
period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that year, in which case the exchange 
rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are classified 
as equity and recognised in the Group’s Currency translation reserve. Such exchange differences 
are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which the foreign 
operation is disposed. 
In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Bank 
losing control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange 
differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of 
associates or jointly controlled entities that do not result in the Bank losing significant 
influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is 
reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets and liabilities acquired arising on 
the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. 
Exchange differences arising are recognised in equity. 
F-211

--- Page 372 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
30
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.8 
Borrowing costs 
 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their 
intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
 
Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their 
expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. 
 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. 
 
3.9 
Investment properties 
 
Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation 
including properties under construction for such purposes. Investment properties are measured 
initially at cost, including transaction costs. Cost includes the cost of replacing part of an 
existing investment property at the time that cost is incurred if the recognition criteria are met; 
and excludes the cost of day to day servicing of an investment property. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at 
the reporting date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment 
properties are included in the profit or loss in the year in which they arise. 
 
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the 
investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is 
expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment 
property are recognised in the profit or loss in the period of retirement or disposal. 
 
Transfer is made to or from investment property only when there is a change in use evidenced 
by the end of owner-occupation or commencement of an operating lease to another party. For 
a transfer from investment property to owner occupied property, the deemed cost for 
subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. If owner occupied property 
becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the 
policy stated under property and equipment up to the date of the change in use. Fair value is 
determined by open market values based on valuations performed by independent surveyors 
and consultants or broker’s quotes. 
 
 
F-212

--- Page 373 ---
31
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
31
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.10 
Property and equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated 
impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or 
recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the item will flow to the Bank and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the 
financial period in which they are incurred. 
Freehold land and capital work in progress are not depreciated. 
Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than land and capital 
work in progress), using the straight-line method, over the estimated useful lives of the 
respective assets, as follows: 
    Years 
Properties for own use  
20 – 50 
Furniture, fixtures, equipment and vehicles 
4 - 15 
Improvements to freehold properties and others 
5 - 10 
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year 
end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.   
An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic 
benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on 
the disposal or retirement of an item of property  and equipment is determined as the difference 
between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Capital work-in-progress are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Cost 
includes professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance 
with the Group's accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories 
of property and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these 
assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for 
their intended use. 
F-213

--- Page 374 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
32
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.11 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-
financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated 
in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). When it is not possible to 
estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable 
amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and 
consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual 
cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating 
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified. 
 
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing 
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-
tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.  
 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its 
carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss. 
 
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, such that the 
increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in 
prior years.  
 
3.12 
Intangible assets 
 
Intangible assets consists of software which are stated at cost less amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight lines over the estimated 
useful lives of 5 to 10 years. The estimated useful lives, residual values and amortisation 
method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted 
for on a prospective basis.   
 
 
 
F-214

--- Page 375 ---
33
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
33
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.13 
Provisions 
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 
result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
 
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle 
the present obligation at the reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to 
settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows. 
 
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be 
recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that 
reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably. 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments  
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit and 
loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, 
as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition 
of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are recognised 
immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Immediately after initial 
recognition, an expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance is recognised for financial assets 
measured at amortised cost and investments in debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, as 
described in note 43, which results in an accounting loss being recognised in profit or loss 
when an asset is newly originated. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-215

--- Page 376 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
34
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
When the fair value of financial assets and liabilities differs from the transaction price on 
initial recognition, the entity recognises the difference as follows: 
(a)
When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical
asset or liability (i.e. a Level 1 input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only
data from observable markets, the difference is recognised as a gain or loss.
(b)
In all other cases, the difference is deferred and the timing of recognition of deferred
day one profit or loss is determined individually. It is either amortised over the life of
the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be determined using
market observable inputs, or realised through settlement.
3.14.1 Financial assets 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a 
trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that 
require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the 
marketplace. 
(i)
Classification of financial assets
For the purposes of classifying financial assets, an instrument is an ‘equity instrument’ if it is 
a non-derivative and meets the definition of ‘equity’ for the issuer except for certain non-
derivative puttable instruments presented as equity by the issuer. All other non-derivative 
financial assets are ‘debt instruments’. Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the 
definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s perspective, such as loans and government 
and corporate bonds. 
Debt instruments: 
Debt instruments are measured at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met: 
i.
the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to
collect contractual cash flows; and
ii.
the contractual terms of the instrument give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest/profit on the principal amount
outstanding.
All other financial assets except for debt instruments carried at amortized cost are 
subsequently measured at fair value. 
F-216

--- Page 377 ---
35
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
35
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14     Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following 
three measurement categories:  
•
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and Interest (‘SPPI’), and that are not
designated at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), are measured at amortised cost.
The carrying amount of these assets is adjusted by any expected credit loss allowance
recognized and measured as described in Note 43.

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI): financial assets that are
held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not
designated at FVTPL, are measured at FVTOCI. Movements in carrying amount are
taken through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), except for the recognition of
impairment gains and losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses
on the instruments’ amortised cost which are recognized in profit or loss. When the
financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in
OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘Net Investment
Income’.

Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the criteria for
amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A gain or
loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or
loss and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in profit or loss and
presented in the statement of profit or loss within ‘Net investment income’ in the
period in which it arises, unless it arises from debt instruments that were designated at
fair value or which are not held for trading, in which case they were presented
separately in ‘Net investment income’.
Business model: the business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows. That is, whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual 
cash flows from the assets or is to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows 
arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held 
for trading purposes), then the financial assets are classified as part of ‘other’ business model 
and measured at FVTPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model 
for a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were 
collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to key management 
personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.   
F-217

--- Page 378 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
36
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued)  
 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
  
(i)  
Classification of financial assets (continued) 
 
SPPI: Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to collect 
contractual cash flows and sell, the Group assesses whether financial instruments’ cash flows 
represent solely payments of principal and interest (the ‘SPPI test’). In making this 
assessment, the Group considers whether contractual cash flows are consistent with a basic 
lending arrangement i.e. interest includes only consideration for the time value of money, 
credit risk, other basic lending risks and an interest rate that is consistent with basic lending 
arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are 
inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and 
measured at fair value through profit or loss.  
 
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining 
whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest. 
 
The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing 
those assets changes. The reclassification takes place from the start of the first reporting period 
following the change. Such changes are expected to be very infrequent and there were no 
material reclassification during the year. 
 
Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective; that is, instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay and that 
evidence a residual interest in the issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity instruments include 
basic ordinary shares.  
 
The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, 
except where the Group’s management has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably 
designate an equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income. The 
Group’s policy is to designate equity investments as FVTOCI when those investments are 
held for purposes other than to generate investment returns. When this election is used, fair 
value gains and losses are recognized in OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or 
loss, including on disposal. On disposal of these equity investments, any related balance within 
the FVOCI reserve is reclassified to retained earnings. Impairment losses (and reversal of 
impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. Dividends, 
when representing a return on such investments, continue to be recognized in profit or loss as 
other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.  
 
 
 
F-218

--- Page 379 ---
37
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
37
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
(i)
Classification of financial assets (continued)
Amortised cost and effective interest method 
The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured 
at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative 
amortization using the effective interest rate method of any difference between that initial 
amount and the maturity amount and, for financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance.  
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or 
receipts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its amortised cost before any impairment  allowance) 
or to the amortised cost of a financial liability. The calculation does not consider expected 
credit losses and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees paid or received 
that are integral to the effective interest rate, such as origination fees.  
When the Group revises the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the 
respective financial asset or financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new estimate 
discounted using original effective interest rate. Any changes are recognized in profit or loss. 
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying 
amount of financial assets, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
impaired (or stage 3), for which interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest 
rate to their amortised cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss provision). 
(ii)
Impairment of financial assets
The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (‘ECL’) associated 
with its debt instrument assets carried at amortised cost and FVTOCI and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Group recognizes a 
loss allowance for such losses at each reporting date. The measurement of ECL reflects:  

An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range
of possible outcomes;

The time value of money; and

Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort
at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
economic conditions.
Note 43 provides more detail of how the expected credit loss allowance is measured. 
F-219

--- Page 380 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
38
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
(iii)
Modification of loans
The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans 
to customers. Where this happens, the Group assesses whether or not the new terms are 
substantially different to the original terms. The Group does this by considering, among 
others, the following factors: 

If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the
contractual cash flows to amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay.

Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share / equity based
return that substantially affects the risk profile of the loan.

Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.

Significant change in the interest rate.

Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.

Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect
the credit risk associated with the loan.
If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognizes the original financial asset and 
recognizes a ‘new’ asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the 
asset. The date of renegotiation is consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition 
for impairment calculation purposes, including for the purpose of determining whether a 
significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the Group also assesses whether the 
new financial asset recognized is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial recognition, 
especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to 
make the originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognized 
in profit or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.  
If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in 
the derecognition, and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised 
cash flows of the financial asset and recognizes a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
The new gross carrying amount is recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the 
original effective interest rate. 
F-220

--- Page 381 ---
39
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
39
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.1 Financial assets (continued) 
(iii)
Modification of loans (continued)
Derecognition other than on a modification
Financial assets, or a portion thereof, are derecognized when the contractual rights to receive 
the cash flows from the assets have expired, or when they have been transferred and either (i) 
the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownerships, or (ii) the Group 
neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and the Group 
has not retained control.  
The Group enters into transactions where it retains the contractual rights to receive cash flows 
from assets but assumes a contractual obligation to pay those cash flows to other entities and 
transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards.  
These transactions are accounted for as ‘pass through’ transfers that result in derecognition if 
the Group: 

Has no obligation to make payments unless it collects equivalent amounts from the
assets;

Is prohibited from selling or pledging the assets; and

Has an obligation to remit any cash it collects from the assets without material delay.
Collateral (shares and bonds) furnished by the Group under standard repurchase agreements and 
securities lending and borrowing transactions are not derecognised because the Group retains 
substantially all the risks and rewards on the basis of predetermined repurchase price, and the 
criteria for derecognition are therefore not met. This also applies to certain securitisation 
transactions in which the Group retain a subordinated residual interest. 
3.14.2 Financial liabilities  
Classification and subsequent measurement 
Financial liabilities (including deposits and balances due to banks, repurchase agreements 
with banks, medium term loans and customer deposits) are initially recognised as fair value 
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for:  

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: this classification is applied to
derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities
designated as such on initial recognition. Gains or losses on financial liabilities
designated at fair value through profit or loss are presented partially in other
comprehensive income (the change in fair value due to credit risk) and partially profit
or loss (the remaining amount of change in the fair value of the liability).
F-221

--- Page 382 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
40
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.2 Financial liabilities (continued) 
This is  unless such a presentation would create, or enlarge, an accounting mismatch, 
in which case the gains and losses attributable to changes in the credit risk of the 
liability are also presented in profit or loss; 

Financial liabilities arising from the transfer of financial assets which did not qualify
for derecognition whereby for financial liability is recognised for the consideration
received for the transfer. In subsequent periods, the Group recognises any expense
incurred on the financial liability; and

Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments.
Derecognition 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished (i.e. when the obligation 
specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires). 
When replacing an existing debt with a new debt from a new lender, the existing debt would 
be de-recognized in the financial statements, with the difference between the carrying amount 
and the fair value of the consideration paid recognized in profit or loss. However, when 
modifying or exchanging a debt while keeping the original lender, the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) have specific guidance on whether the transaction results in a de-
recognition or is accounted for differently. This analysis is driven by the question whether the 
modification is “substantial” or whether the original debt has been replaced by another debt 
with “substantially” different terms. 
3.14.3 Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments 
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the Group to make specified payments to 
reimburse the holders for a loss they incur because a specified debtor fails to make payment 
when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Loan commitments are 
irrevocable commitments to provide credit under pre-specified terms and conditions. 
Financial guarantee contracts are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured 
at the higher of: 
-
The amount of the loss allowance; and
-
The premium received on initial recognition less income recognized in accordance
with the principles of IFRS 15.
Loan commitments provided by the Group are measured as the amount of the loss allowance 
(calculated as described in note 43).  
F-222

--- Page 383 ---
41
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
41
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.14 
Financial instruments (continued) 
3.14.4 Foreign exchange gains and losses 
The fair value of financial assets denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that 
foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. The foreign 
exchange component forms part of its fair value gain or loss. Therefore,  

for financial assets that are classified as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component
is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss;

for financial assets that are monetary items and designated as at FVTOCI, any foreign
exchange component is recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss;

for financial assets that are non-monetary items and designated as at FVTOCI, any
foreign exchange component is recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income; and

for foreign currency denominated debt instruments measured at amortised cost at the
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined
based on the amortised cost of the financial assets and are recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss.
3.15 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and reported net in the consolidated statement of 
financial position only when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts or when the Group intends to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle 
the liability simultaneously. 
3.16 
Derivative financial instruments 
The Group deals with derivatives such as forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate 
futures, forward rate agreements, currency and interest rate swaps, currency and interest rate 
options (both written and purchased). Further details of derivatives financial instruments are 
disclosed in Note 41. Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative 
contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of 
each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated statement of 
profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging 
instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship. All derivatives are carried at their fair 
values as assets where the fair values are positive and as liabilities where the fair values are 
negative. Fair values are generally obtained by reference to quoted market prices, discounted 
cash flow models and recognised pricing models as appropriate. 
F-223

--- Page 384 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
42
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.16 
Derivative financial instruments (continued) 
(a)
Embedded derivatives
Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the 
scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (e.g. financial liabilities) are treated as separate 
derivatives when their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host 
contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL. 
3.17 
Hedge accounting 
The Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives and non-
derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or hedges of net 
investments in foreign operations. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are 
accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the 
hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its 
strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge 
and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly 
effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to 
the hedged risk. 
Note 41 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging 
purposes.  
Fair value hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss immediately, together with any changes 
in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The change 
in the fair value of the hedging instrument and the change in the hedged item attributable to the 
hedged risk are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, when the 
hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. The fair value adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item arising 
from the hedged risk is amortised to the consolidate statement of profit or loss from that date.  
F-224

--- Page 385 ---
43
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
43
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.17 
Hedge accounting (continued) 
Cash flow hedges 
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify 
as cash flow hedges is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the 
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in consolidated statement of profit or loss, and is 
included in the other income line item. 
Amounts previously recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated in equity are reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss in the periods 
when the hedged item affects in the recognition of a non-financial assets or a non-financial 
liability, the gains and losses previously recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income and accumulated in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial 
measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. 
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, when the 
hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. Any gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the 
forecase transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. When 
a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is 
recognised  immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations 
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow 
hedges. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the 
hedge is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and accumulated 
under the heading of cumulative translation reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective 
portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge 
accumulated in the cumulative translation reserve are reclassified to the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss on the disposal of the foreign operation. 
F-225

--- Page 386 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
44
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.18 
Insurance contracts 
3.18.1 Product classification 
Insurance contracts are those contracts when the Group (the insurer) has accepted the 
significant insurance risk from another party (policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the 
policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the 
policyholder. As a general guideline, the Group determines whether it has significant 
insurance risk by comparing benefits paid with benefits payable if the insured event did not 
occur. An insurance contract can also transfer financial risk. 
Investment contracts are those contracts that transfer significant financial risk. Financial risk 
is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of a specified interest rate, financial 
instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of price or rates, credit rating 
or credit index or other variable provided in the case of a non-financial variable, that the 
variable is not specific to a party to the contract. 
Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract, it remains an insurance contract 
for the remainder of its lifetime even if the insurance risk reduces significantly during this 
period unless all rights and obligations are extinguished or expire. An investment contract can 
however be classified as an insurance contract after its inception if the insurance risk becomes 
significant.  
Some insurance contracts and investment contracts contain discretionary participating features 
(DPF) which entitle the contract holder to receive, as a supplement to the standard guaranteed 
benefits, additional benefits: 

that are likely to be a significant portion of the total contractual benefits;

whose amount or timing is contractually at the discretion of the insurer;

that are contractually based on:
(i)
the performance of a specified pool of contracts or a specified type of contract,
(ii)
realised/unrealised investment returns on a specified pool of assets held by the
issuer or,
(iii)
the profit or loss of the Company, fund or other entity that issues that contract.
Under IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, DPF can be either treated as an element of equity or as a 
liability, or can be split between the two elements. The Group policy is to treat all DPF as 
liabilities within insurance or investment contract liabilities. 
F-226

--- Page 387 ---
45
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
45
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.18 
Insurance contracts (continued) 
3.18.1 Product classification (continued) 
The policyholder bears the financial risks relating to some insurance contracts or investment 
contracts. Such products are usually unit-linked contracts. 
3.18.2 Recognition and measurement 
Insurance contracts are classified into two main categories, depending on the nature of the risk, 
duration of the risk and whether or not the terms and conditions are fixed. 
These contracts are general insurance contracts and life assurance contracts. 
3.18.3 General insurance contracts 
Premiums are recognised as revenue (earned premiums) proportionally over the period of 
coverage. The portion of premium received on in-force contracts that relates to unexpired risks 
at the end of the reporting period is reported as the unearned premium liability. Premiums are 
shown in the profit and loss before deduction of commission. 
Claims and loss adjustment expenses are charged to the profit or loss as incurred based on the 
estimated liability for compensation owed to contract holders or third parties damaged by the 
contract holders. 
3.18.4 Life assurance contracts 
In respect of the short term life assurance contracts, premiums are recognised as revenue (earned 
premiums) proportionately over the period of coverage. The portion of the premium received in 
respect of in-force contracts that relates to unexpired risks at the end of the reporting period is 
reported as the unearned premium liability. Premiums are shown before the deduction of the 
commission. 
In respect of long term life assurance contracts, premiums are recognised as revenue (earned 
premiums) when they become payable by the contract holder. Premiums are shown before 
deduction of commission.  
Premiums for group credit life policies are recognised when paid by the contract holder. 
A liability for contractual benefits that are expected to be incurred in future is recorded when the 
premiums are recognised. The liability is based on the assumptions as to mortality, persistency, 
maintenance expenses and investment income that are established at the time the contract is 
issued. A margin for adverse deviation is included in the assumptions. 
F-227

--- Page 388 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
46
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.18 
Insurance contracts (continued) 
3.18.4 Life assurance contracts (continued) 
Where a life assurance contract has a single premium or limited number of premium payments 
due over a significantly shorter period than the period during which the benefits are provided, the 
excess of the premiums payable over the valuation premiums is deferred and recognised as 
income in line with the decrease of unexpired insurance risk of the contract in-force or for 
annuities in force, in line with the decrease of the amount of future benefits expected to be paid.  
The liabilities are recalculated at the end of each reporting period using the assumptions 
established at the inception of the contract.     
Claims and benefits payable to contract holders are recorded as expenses when they are incurred. 
3.18.5 Reinsurance contracts  
Contracts entered into by the Group with reinsurers under which the Group is compensated for 
losses on one or more contracts issued by the Group and that meet the classification requirements 
for insurance contracts are recognised as reinsurance contracts. Contracts that do not meet these 
classification requirements are classified as financial assets. Insurance contracts entered into by 
the Group under which the contract holder is another insurer, are included in insurance contracts. 
The benefits to which the Group is entitled under its reinsurance contracts are recognised as 
reinsurance contract assets.  
The Group assesses its reinsurance contract assets for impairment on a regular basis. If there is 
objective evidence that the reinsurance contract assets are impaired, the Group reduces the 
carrying amount of the reinsurance contract assets to their recoverable amounts and recognises 
that impairment loss in the profit or loss.  Amounts recoverable from or due to reinsurers are 
measured consistently with the amounts associated with the reinsured insurance contracts and in 
accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Reinsurance liabilities are primarily 
premiums payable for reinsurance contracts and are recognised as expenses when due. 
The Group also assumes reinsurance risk in the normal course of business for life insurance 
and general insurance contracts where applicable. Premium and claims on assumed 
reinsurance contracts are recognised as revenue or expenses in the same manner as they would 
be if the reinsurance were considered direct business, taking into account the product 
classification of the reinsured business. Reinsurance liabilities represent balances due to 
reinsurance companies. Amounts payable are estimated in a manner consistent with the related 
reinsurance contract. 
Reinsurance assets or liabilities are derecognised when the contractual rights are extinguished 
or expire or when the contract is transferred to another party. 
F-228

--- Page 389 ---
47
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
47
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.18      Insurance contracts (continued) 
3.18.6   Insurance contract liabilities 
(a)
Unearned premium reserve
At the end of the reporting period, proportions of net retained premium of the general insurance 
and medical insurance are provided to cover portions of risks which have not expired.  The 
reserves are calculated on a time-proportion basis whilst maintaining the minimum reserve 
requirements required by the regulations relating to insurance companies. Unearned premium for 
group life and individual life classes of business is estimated by the Group’s actuary in the 
calculation of the insurance contracts liabilities for life assurance business. 
(b)
Additional reserve
The additional reserve comprises of the provisions made for: 

the estimated excess of potential claims over unearned premiums (premium
deficiency),

the claims incurred but not reported at the end of the reporting period (IBNR), and

the potential shortfall in the estimated amounts of the unpaid reported claims.
The reserve represents management’s best estimates of the potential liabilities at the end of the 
reporting period. The liabilities for unpaid reported claims are estimated using the input of 
assessments for individual cases reported to the Group and management estimates based on past 
claims settlement trends for the claims incurred but not reported. At the end of each reporting 
period, prior year claims estimates are reassessed for adequacy by the Group’s actuary and 
changes are made to the provision. 
(c)
Life assurance fund
The life assurance fund is determined by independent actuarial valuation of future policy 
benefits at the end of each reporting period. Actuarial assumptions include a margin for 
adverse deviation and generally vary by type of policy, year of issue and policy duration. 
Mortality and withdrawal rate assumptions are based on experience and industry mortality 
tables.  Adjustments to the balance of the fund are effected by charging to consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
(d)
Unit-linked liabilities
For unit-linked policies, the liability is equal to the policy account values. The account value 
is the number of units times the bid price. 
F-229

--- Page 390 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
48
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
 
3.18      Insurance contracts (continued) 
 
3.18.6   Insurance contract liabilities (continued) 
 
(e) 
Outstanding claims 
 
Insurance contract liabilities towards outstanding claims are recognised for all claims 
intimated and unpaid at the end of the reporting period. These liabilities are known as the 
outstanding claims provision, which are based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims 
incurred but not settled at the end of the reporting period after reduction for the expected value 
of salvage and other recoveries. Delays can be experienced in the notification and settlement 
of certain types of claims, therefore the ultimate cost of claims cannot be known with certainty 
at the end of the reporting period. The liability is not discounted for the time value of money. 
No provision for equalisation or catastrophic reserves is recognised. The liability is 
derecognised when it is expired, discharged or cancelled. 
 
Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs (DAC) 
 
Commissions and other acquisition costs that vary with and are related to securing new 
contracts and renewing existing contracts are capitalised as an intangible asset (DAC). All 
other costs are recognised as expenses when incurred. The DAC is subsequently amortised as 
follows: 
 
• 
For property, casualty and short-duration life insurance contracts, DAC is amortised 
over the terms of the policies as premium is earned; 
 
• 
For long-term insurance contracts, DAC is amortised in line with premium revenue 
using assumptions consistent with those used in calculating future policy benefit 
liabilities; and  
 
• 
For long-term investment contracts, DAC is amortised over a period of four years. 
 
3.18.7 Salvage and subrogation reimbursements 
 
Estimates of salvage and subrogation reimbursements are considered as an allowance in the 
measurement of the insurance liability for claims. 
 
3.18.8  Liability adequacy test 
 
At the end of each reporting period, liability adequacy tests are performed to ensure the 
adequacy of the insurance contract liabilities. In performing these tests, current best estimates 
of future contractual cash flows and claims handling and administration expenses, as well as 
investment income from the assets backing such liabilities, are used. Any deficiency is 
immediately charged to the profit or loss. 
F-230

--- Page 391 ---
49
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
49
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.19 
Taxation 
Where applicable, provision is made for current and deferred taxes arising from the operating 
results of overseas branches that are operating in taxable jurisdictions. 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products 
In addition to conventional banking products, the Group offers its customers a variety of non-
interest based banking products, which are approved by its Internal Shari’ah Supervision 
Committee. 
Any conventional terminologies that are used only for reasons of legal requirement, explanation 
and/or clarity will be considered as replaced with its Shari’ah compliant equivalent and will not 
impact the Islamic products or documentation in terms of their Shari’ah compliance. 
All Islamic banking products are accounted for in conformity with the accounting policies 
described below: 
(i)
Definitions
The following terms are used in Islamic financing: 
Murabaha 
Murabaha is a sale of goods with an agreed upon profit mark-up on the cost. 
The arrangement is referred to as a Murabaha to the Purchase Orderer where the company sells 
to a customer a commodity or an asset, which the company has purchased and acquired, based 
on a promise received from customer. 
Ijarah 
Ijarah is a contract, or part of contractual agreement, that transfers the usufruct of an asset (the 
underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for an agreed consideration, from lessor (the 
owner of underlying asset i.e. the company) to a lessee (the customer). 
This may involve a hybrid Ijarah arrangement (known as Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek) which, in 
addition to the Ijarah contract, includes a promise (by the company) resulting in transfer of the 
ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee (the customer) through a sale or gift – independent 
of Ijarah Contract. 
F-231

--- Page 392 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
50
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products (continued) 
(i)
Definitions (continued)
Istisna’ 
Istisna’ is a contract of sale of specified items to be manufactured or constructed, with an 
obligation on part of the manufacturer or builder (contractor) to deliver them to the customer 
upon completion. 
Under this arrangement, the Group provides funds to a customer for construction of a real estate 
and/or manufacturing of any other assets. Istisna’ requires properly specifying the finished 
product. The customer is required to arrange/employ all the resources required to produce the 
specified asset(s). 
Mudarabah 
Mudarabah is a partnership in profit whereby one party provides capital (Rab al-Mal) and the 
other party provides labour (Mudarib). The Mudarib is responsible for investing such funds in a 
specific enterprise or activity in return for a pre-agreed percentage of the Mudarabah profit. In 
case of loss, the same is borne by Rab-al-Mal. The Mudarib is not liable for losses except in case 
of misconduct in respect to Mudarabah fund, negligence and breach of the terms of Mudarabah 
contract. 
Wakalah 
Wakalah is an act of one party (principal) delegating another party (the agent) to perform a 
permissible activity on his behalf. This may involve Al-Wakalah Bi Al-Istithmar, in which the 
Company appoints another person an agent to invest its funds with an intention to earn profit, in 
return for a certain fee (a lump sum of money or a percentage of the amount invested). The agent 
is obliged to return the invested amount in case of default, negligence or violation of any of the 
terms and conditions of the Wakalah. 
(ii)
Accounting policy
Islamic financing and investment products are measured at amortised cost, using the effective 
profit method, less any amounts written off, allowance for doubtful accounts and unearned 
income. The effective profit rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash flow 
through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period. 
Allowance for impairment is made against Islamic financing and investment products when their 
recovery is in doubt taking into consideration IFRS requirements (as explained in Note 3.14.1). 
Islamic financing and investment products are written off only when all possible courses of action 
to achieve recovery have proved unsuccessful. 
F-232

--- Page 393 ---
51
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
51
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 
3.20 
Islamic financing and investment products (continued) 
(iii)
Revenue recognition policy
Income from Islamic financing and investing assets are recognised in the consolidated statement 
of profit or loss using the effective profit method.  
The calculation of the effective profit rate includes all fees paid or received, transaction costs, and 
discounts or premiums that are an integral part of the effective profit rate. Transaction costs are 
incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, issue or disposal of a financial 
asset. 
Murabaha 
Murabaha income is recognised on effective profit rate basis over the period of the contract based 
on the balance outstanding. 
Ijarah 
Ijarah income is recognised on effective profit rate basis over the lease term. 
Mudarabah 
Income or losses on Mudarabah financing are recognised on an accrual basis if they can be 
reliably estimated. Otherwise, income is recognised on distribution by the Mudarib, whereas the 
losses are charged to income on their declaration by the Mudarib. 
Wakalah 
Estimated income from Wakalah is recognised on an accrual basis over the period, adjusted by 
actual income when received.  Losses are accounted for on the date of declaration by the agent. 
(iv)
Islamic customers’ deposits and distributions to depositors
Islamic customers’ deposits are initially measured at fair value which is normally consideration 
received net of directly attributable transaction costs incurred, and subsequently measured at their 
amortised cost using the effective profit method. 
Distributions to depositors (Islamic products) are calculated according to the Group’s standard 
procedures and are approved by the Group’s Internal Shari’ah Supervision Committee. 
F-233

--- Page 394 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
52
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
3 
Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)  
 
3.21 
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity 
 
Provision is made for the employees' end of service indemnity in accordance with the UAE labour 
law for their periods of service up to the financial position date. In addition, in accordance with 
the provisions of IAS 19, management has carried out an exercise to assess the present value of 
its obligations at the reporting date, using the projected unit credit method, in respect of 
employees’ end of service benefits payable under the UAE Labour Law. The expected liability 
at the date of leaving the service has been discounted to net present value using an appropriate 
discount rate based on management’s assumption of average annual increment/promotion 
costs. The present value of the obligation as at 31 December 2021 is not materially different 
from the provision computed in accordance with the UAE Labour Law. 
 
The provision arising is disclosed as ‘provision for employees’ end of service indemnity’ in 
the consolidated statement of financial position under ‘other liabilities’ (Note 18). 
 
Pension and national contribution for UAE citizens are made by the Group in accordance with 
Federal Law No. 7 of 1999 and no further liability exists. 
 
3.22 
Acceptances 
 
Acceptances are recognised as a financial liability in the consolidated statement of financial 
position with a contractual right of reimbursement from the customer as a financial asset. 
Therefore, commitments in respect of acceptances have been accounted for as financial assets 
and financial liabilities. 
 
3.23 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise 
cash on hand and other balances with the UAE Central Bank (excluding statutory reserve) and 
money market placements which are maturing within three months from the value date of the 
deposit or placement. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at amortised cost in the consolidated 
statement of financial position. 
  
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty 
 
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, 
management is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates 
and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are 
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision 
affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects 
both current and future periods.   
 
 
F-234

--- Page 395 ---
53
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
53
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty (continued) 
Significant areas where management has used estimates, assumptions or exercised judgements 
are as follows: 
4.1 
Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at 
amortised cost and FVTOCI is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant 
assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour (e.g. the likelihood of 
customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and 
estimation techniques used in measuring Expected Credit Loss (ECL) is further detailed in 
note 43. 
A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements 
for measuring ECL, such as: 

Determining the criteria for significant increase in credit risk;

Determining the criteria and definition of default;

Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL, including
measurement of ECL for default exposures;

Establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each
type of product/market and the associated ECL; and

Establishing groups of similar financial assets for the purposes of measuring ECL.
4.2 
Fair value of financial instruments 
Where the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded on the consolidated 
statement of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined 
using a variety of valuation techniques that include the use of mathematical models. The inputs 
to these models are derived from observable market data where possible, but where observable 
market data are not available, judgment is required to establish fair values. These include 
comparison with similar instruments where market observable prices exist, discounted cash 
flow analysis and other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants.   
4.3 
Derivative financial instruments 
Subsequent to initial recognition, the fair values of derivative financial instruments measured 
at fair value are generally obtained by reference to quoted market prices, discounted cash flow 
models, recognised market accepted pricing models and from counterparty statements. When 
prices are not available, fair values are determined by using valuation techniques which refer 
to observable market data. These include comparison with similar instruments where market 
observable prices exist, discounted cash flow analysis and other valuation techniques 
commonly used by market participants.  
F-235

--- Page 396 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
54
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
4 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty (continued) 
 
4.4 
The ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts 
 
The estimation of ultimate liability arising from the claims made under insurance contracts is 
the Group’s most critical accounting estimate. There are sources of uncertainty that need to 
be considered in the estimate of the liability that the Group will eventually pay for such claims. 
Estimates have to be made at the end of the reporting period for both the expected ultimate 
cost of claims reported and for the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not reported 
(“IBNR”). Liabilities for unpaid reported claims are estimated using the input of assessments 
for individual cases reported to the Group and management estimates based on past claims 
settlement trends for the claims incurred but not reported. At the end of each reporting period, 
prior year claims estimates are reassessed for adequacy and changes are made to the provision. 
 
5 
Cash and balances with central banks  
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s cash and balances with central banks is as follows: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
Cash on hand 
1,027,306  
996,803 
Balances with central banks: 
  
 
  Current accounts and other balances 
9,223,621  
8,124,831 
  Statutory deposits 
 4,456,824   
3,770,307 
  Certificates of deposit 
 2,800,000   
5,050,000 
 
17,507,751  
17,941,941 
 
(b) 
The geographical analysis of the cash and balances with central banks is as follows: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
Within the UAE 
   10,336,038  
14,186,941 
Outside the UAE 
7,171,713  
3,755,000 
 
17,507,751  
17,941,941 
 
(c) 
The Group is required to maintain statutory deposits with various central banks on 
demand, time and other deposits as per the statutory requirements. The statutory deposits 
are not available for use in the Group’s day-to-day operations. Cash on hand and current 
account balances are non-interest-bearing. Certificate of deposits are at an average 
interest rate of 0.18% (31 December 2020: 0.21%) per annum 
 
 
F-236

--- Page 397 ---
55
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
55
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
6 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
(a)
The analysis of the Group’s deposits and balances due from banks is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Demand 
 1,256,536 
2,419,545 
Time 
27,716,058 
25,985,607 
28,972,594 
28,405,152 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(167,499)
(166,122) 
28,805,095 
28,239,030 
(b)
The above represent deposits and balances due from:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Banks within the UAE 
  4,391,518 
5,878,872 
Banks outside the UAE 
24,581,076 
22,526,280 
28,972,594 
28,405,152 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(167,499) 
(166,122) 
28,805,095 
28,239,030 
(c)
Allowance for impairment movement:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
At beginning of the year 
166,122 
108,602 
Charge during the year (Note 31) 
(4,404) 
54,678 
Interest in suspense 
5,495 
2,910 
Exchange rate and other adjustments 
286 
(68) 
At end of the year 
167,499 
166,122 
F-237

--- Page 398 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
56
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
7 
Other financial assets  
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s other financial assets as at 31 December is as follows: 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
  
 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
  
 
(i) 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
through  profit and loss (FVTPL) 
 
  
 
Debt securities 
1,548,129  
815,671 
  
 
Equities  
  
 
Quoted 
37,668  
6,719 
Unquoted 
1,113  
1,112 
  
 
Mutual and other funds 
686,534  
629,865 
2,273,444  
1,453,367 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Other financial assets measured at fair value  
through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) 
Debt securities 
13,480,719  
6,470,966 
 
 
Equities 
 
 
Quoted 
 577,857   
459,821 
Unquoted 
 53,589   
54,949 
  
 
Mutual and other funds 
55,514  
- 
 
14,167,679 
6,985,736 
 
  
 
Total other financial assets measured at fair 
value (A) 
16,441,123  
8,439,103 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
Debt securities 
10,302,332  
11,021,883 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(24,508)  
(21,229)  
  
 
Total other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost (B) 
10,277,824  
11,000,654 
Total other financial assets [(A) +(B)] 
26,718,947  
19,439,757 
 
 
F-238

--- Page 399 ---
57
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
57
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
7 
Other financial assets (continued) 
(b)
The geographic analysis of other financial assets is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Within the UAE 
10,908,883 
4,687,824 
Outside the UAE 
15,834,572 
14,773,162 
26,743,455 
19,460,986 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(24,508) 
(21,229) 
26,718,947 
19,439,757 
(c)
The analysis of other financial assets by industry sector is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Government and public sector 
  15,988,557 
 15,706,622 
Commercial and business 
    1,402,840 
 660,723 
Financial institutions 
9,284,617 
 3,044,738 
Other 
42,933 
 27,674 
26,718,947 
19,439,757 
(d)
The movement of the allowance for impairment of other financial assets measured at
amortised cost during the year was as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
At the beginning of the year 
21,229 
26,365 
Charge/(reversal) during the year (Note 31) 
3,270 
(5,134) 
Exchange rate and other adjustments 
9 
(2) 
At end of the year 
24,508 
21,229 
(e)
The fair value of other financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to AED
10.47 billion as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: AED 11.33 billion) (Note
43).
(f)
At 31 December 2021, certain financial assets measured at amortised cost, financial
assets measured at fair value included debt securities with an aggregate carrying value  of
AED 2,890 million (fair value of AED 2,905 million) [31 December 2020: carrying value 
of AED 1,112 million (fair value of AED 1,146 million)] which were collateralised as at
that date against repurchase agreements with banks (“Repo”) of AED 2,288 million (31
December 2020: AED 708 million).
F-239

--- Page 400 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
58
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
7 
Other financial assets (continued) 
 
(g) 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has reviewed its portfolio and 
sold certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, resulting in a gain of 
AED 51 million (31 December 2020: a gain of AED 63 million) on the sale. 
 
(h) 
As of 31 December 2021, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk for debt 
instruments measured at amortised cost. The carrying amount reflected above represents 
the Group’s maximum exposure for credit risk for such assets. 
 
(i) 
During the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021, dividends received from 
financial assets measured at FVTOCI amounting to AED 21 million (year ended 31 
December 2020: AED 25 million) were recognised as net investment income in the 
condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
(j) 
As of 31 December 2021, change in fair value of other financial assets measured at 
FVTPL resulted in gain of AED 9 million (31 December 2020: a gain of AED 10 million) 
and was recognised as investment income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
(Note 29). 
 
(k) 
As of 31 December 2021, change in fair value of other financial assets measured at 
FVTOCI resulted in a loss of AED 174  million (31 December 2020: a loss of AED 104 
million) and was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
(l) 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group purchased and disposed equity 
shares amounting to AED 1,526 million (31 December 2020 : AED 1,227 million) and 
AED 1,447 million (31 December 2020 : AED 1,251 million) respectively. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-240

--- Page 401 ---
59
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
59
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
8 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
(a)
The analysis of the Group’s loans and advances measured at amortised cost is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Loans 
63,354,455 
54,811,763 
Overdrafts 
6,465,665 
5,331,364 
Credit cards 
1,915,726 
1,784,967 
Others 
790,801 
761,943 
Total 
72,526,647 
62,690,037 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(6,094,077)
(5,403,626) 
66,432,570 
57,286,411 
(b)
The analysis of loans and advances measured at amortised cost by industry sector is as
follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Manufacturing 
 11,404,850 
 9,487,506 
Construction 
 6,939,219 
 5,409,471 
Trade 
 14,706,291 
 13,073,340 
Transport and communication 
 3,065,888 
 2,857,810 
Services 
7,368,222 
 5,916,728 
Financial institutions 
 2,532,671 
927,106 
Personal 
 8,196,625 
 7,697,088 
Residential mortgage 
6,819,805 
 5,538,042 
Government and related enterprises 
11,493,076 
 11,782,946 
72,526,647 
 62,690,037 
Less: Allowance for impairment 
(6,094,077) 
(5,403,626) 
66,432,570 
57,286,411 
F-241

--- Page 402 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
60
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
8 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost (continued) 
 
(c)    The analysis of allowance for impairment on loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost by industry sector is as follows: 
 
 
31 December 
 2021 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
Manufacturing 
  246,502  
 
 341,500  
Construction 
  2,017,902  
 
 452,769  
Trade 
  684,979  
 
 646,108  
Transport and communication 
  531,710  
 
 136,437  
Services 
  660,663  
 
 655,002  
Financial institutions 
  14,630  
 
 68,996  
Personal 
  1,777,812  
 
 1,446,062  
Residential mortgage 
  99,050  
 
 140,016  
Government and related enterprises 
  60,829  
 
 1,516,736  
 
  6,094,077  
 
 5,403,626  
 
(d) 
In certain cases, the Group continues to carry certain classified doubtful debts and 
delinquent accounts on its books which have been fully provided. Interest is accrued 
on most of these accounts for litigation purposes only. As at 31 December 2021 and 
2020, legal proceedings are pursued for some of these accounts by the Group in the 
normal course of business. 
 
(e) 
The movement during the year of the allowance for impairment and suspended interest 
of loans and advances measured at amortised cost was as follows: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
At beginning of the year 
5,403,626 
 
3,844,371 
Impairment allowance for the year (Note 31) 
1,529,908  
2,393,760 
Interest in suspense 
150,359  
292,394 
Exchange rate and other adjustments 
39,720  
9,329 
Written off during the year  
(1,029,536)  
(1,136,228) 
At end of the year 
6,094,077  
5,403,626 
 
(f)      In determining the recoverability of loans and advances, the Group considers any 
change in the credit quality of the loans and advances measured at amortised cost 
from the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The 
concentration of credit risk at customer level is limited due to the fact that the 
customer base is large and unrelated. 
F-242

--- Page 403 ---
61
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
61
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
8 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost (continued) 
 
(g)        At 31 December 2021, certain loans and advances measured at amortised cost with an 
aggregate carrying value of AED 1,332 million (fair value of AED 945 million) [31 
December 2020: carrying value of AED 1,435 million (fair value of AED 1,134 
million)] were collateralised as at that date against repurchase agreements with banks 
(“Repo”) of AED 441 million (31 December 2020: AED 550 million). 
 
9 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised 
cost 
 
(a) 
The analysis of the Group’s Islamic financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost is as follows: 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
Financing 
  
 
Murabaha 
11,403,396  
8,788,168 
Ijarah 
5,344,195  
6,087,374 
16,747,591  
14,875,542 
Investment 
  
 
Wakalah 
464,826  
426,010 
464,826  
426,010 
  
 
Total 
17,212,417  
15,301,552 
  
 
Less:  Unearned income 
(1,532,000)  
(647,879) 
         Allowance for impairment 
(626,963)  
(407,330) 
15,053,454  
14,246,343  
 
 
 
F-243

--- Page 404 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
62
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
9 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised 
cost (continued) 
(b) 
The analysis of Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised cost 
by industry sector is as follows: 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
  
 
Manufacturing 
 1,878,933  
 1,025,362  
Construction 
 1,875,799   
 3,531,481  
Trade 
 1,001,147  
 1,365,946  
Transport and communication 
 291,898   
 388,312  
Services 
 2,692,387   
 3,093,488  
Financial institutions 
 1,098,307   
 1,052,322  
Personal 
 4,331,202   
 2,023,739  
Residential mortgage 
1,202,193  
 1,155,660  
Government and related enterprises 
2,840,551  
 1,665,242  
Total 
17,212,417  
 15,301,552  
Less: Unearned income 
 
(1,532,000)  
 (647,879) 
Allowance for impairment 
(626,963)  
 (407,330) 
15,053,454  
 14,246,343  
(c) The analysis of allowance for impairment on Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost by industry sector is as follows: 
2021 
 
2020 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Manufacturing 
  7,957  
 
 9,452  
Construction 
  378,133  
 
 243,891  
Trade 
  109,196  
 
 55,767  
Transport and communication 
  7,885  
 
 12,906  
Services 
  17,002  
 
 22,678  
Financial institutions 
  3,707  
 
 3,931  
Personal 
  11,299  
 
 8,571  
Residential mortgage 
  36,947  
 
 45,782  
Government and related enterprises 
  54,837  
 
 4,352  
  626,963  
 
 407,330  
F-244

--- Page 405 ---
63
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
63
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
9 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at amortised 
cost (continued) 
(d)
Allowance for impairment movement:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
At beginning of the year  
407,330 
128,590 
Impairment allowance for the year (Note 31) 
 203,822 
310,864 
Profit in suspense 
 16,042 
29,477 
Written off during the year 
(231)
(61,601)
At end of the year 
626,963 
407,330 
(e)
In determining the recoverability of Islamic financing and investment products, the Group
considers any change in the credit quality of the Islamic financing and investment products
measured at amortised cost from the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the
reporting period. The concentration of credit risk at customer level is limited due to the fact
that the customer base is large and unrelated.
(f)
At 31 December 2021, certain Islamic financing and investment products measured at
amortised cost included with an aggregate carrying value of nil (fair value of nil) [31
December 2020: carrying value of AED 471 million (fair value of AED 455 million)]
which were collateralised as at that date against repurchase agreements with banks
(“Repo”) of nil (31 December 2020: AED 222 million).
F-245

--- Page 406 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
64
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
10 
Other assets  
 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
 
Interest receivable 
296,794  
277,350 
Property acquired in settlement of debts* 
86,055  
94,951 
Prepayments 
111,284  
70,556 
Positive fair value of derivatives (Note 41) 
1,028,186  
1,512,413 
Insurance related receivables (net) ** 
562,465  
583,020 
Insurance related deferred acquisition costs 
150,381  
154,765 
Credit card related receivables 
228,299  
313,322 
Taxes paid in advance 
109,041  
102,519 
Commission / income receivable 
36,155  
32,758 
Advances to suppliers/ vendors  
241,748  
138,395 
Others 
437,677  
198,406 
 
3,290,085  
3,478,455 
 
*  
As of 31 December 2021, property acquired in settlement of debts includes property with 
a book value of AED 202 million (31 December 2020: AED 209 million) against which 
a provision of AED 116 million is held (31 December 2020: AED 114 million). This 
includes some properties which are registered in the name of the Chairman on trust and 
for the benefit of the Group. 
 
** 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group has recorded a provision of AED 439 million (31 
December 2020: AED 431 million) against insurance related receivables. 
 
11 
Investment properties  
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
 
At fair value 
  
 
At beginning of the year 
449,715 
 
473,591 
Change in fair value during the year (Note 30) 
13,114 
 
(23,876) 
At end of the year 
462,829 
 
449,715 
 
All of the Group’s investment properties are held under freehold interest and located in the 
UAE. As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 these were classified as level 3 in the 
fair value hierarchy. 
  
 
 
 
 
F-246

--- Page 407 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
65
65
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
11 
Investment properties (continued) 
 
Valuation processes  
 
The Group’s investment properties were valued as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 by independent external professionally qualified valuers who hold a recognised relevant 
professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments of the 
investment properties valued. The fair value is in accordance with relevant appraisal and 
valuation standards issued by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (“RICS”). 
 
Valuation techniques underlying management’s estimation of fair value 
 
Valuation of Group’s investment properties was determined using either of Discounted Cash 
Flow (DCF), Residual valuation, Income capitalization or sales comparison methods based on 
the available inputs as follows. 
 
DCF method of valuation considers expected net cash flow discounted using discount rates 
which reflect current market conditions. Residual method considers construction costs for 
development, capitalization rates based on the location, size, quality of the properties and 
market data, operational cost estimates to maintain the property for its useful life and estimated 
vacancy rates. Income capitalization method considers contracted rental income and 
capitalization rate. Sales comparison approach consider value of comparable properties in 
close proximity adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size and quality of 
interior fittings. 
 
Sensitivity on the fair value of Investment properties based on each methodology was as 
follows:  
 
For the sales comparison method, if the prices of the comparable properties were to increase/ 
decrease by 1%, the fair value would increase / decrease by AED 1.8 million (31 December 
2020: AED 0.6 million). For the DCF method, if the discount rate were to increase/ decrease 
by 0.25% and considering all other assumptions to remain constant, the fair value would 
increase/decrease by 3% (31 December 2020: 1%). For the residual method, if the 
capitalization rate were to increase/ decrease by 0.25% and considering all other assumptions 
to remain constant, the fair value would increase/ decrease by +4%/-4% (31 December 2020: 
for the residual or income capitalisation method, if the capitalization rates were to increase/ 
decrease by 0.25% and considering all other assumptions to remain constant, the fair value 
would increase/ decrease by +7%/-6%).   
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-247

--- Page 408 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
66
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
12 
Property and equipment 
 
 
 
 
Properties  
for own use 
 
Furniture, 
fixtures, 
equipment & 
vehicles 
 Improvements 
to freehold 
properties and 
others 
 
 
 
Right-of-use 
 assets 
 
 
Capital  
work-in- 
progress* 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2020 
 631,503   
 330,921   
 152,294   
 192,126   
 642,568   
 1,949,412  
Additions during the year 
 -    
 48,692   
 96,644   
 42,684   
 148,441   
 336,461  
Transfers 
 532,928   
100,192   
 113,061   
 -    
 (746,181)  
 -   
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
 (7,924) 
 
 (35,919) 
 
 (135,768) 
 
 (39,734) 
 
 -   
 (219,345) 
At 31 December 2020 
1,156,507 
 
443,886 
 
226,231 
 
195,076 
 
44,828  
2,066,528 
Additions during the year 
- 
 
30,304 
 
21,123 
 
26,222 
 
51,567  
129,216 
Transfers 
32,525 
 
8,502 
 
2,100 
 
- 
 
(43,127)  
- 
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
- 
 
(64,720) 
 
(17,118) 
 
(52,798) 
 
(318)  
(134,954) 
At 31 December 2021 
1,189,032 
 
417,972 
 
232,336 
 
168,500 
 
52,950 
 
2,060,790 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
At 1 January 2020 
 203,431   
 212,306   
 74,072   
 91,610   
 -    
 581,419  
Charge for the year (Note 32) 
 22,878   
 46,279   
 33,865   
 52,716   
 -    
 155,738  
Disposals/write-offs 
 (3,085) 
 
 (30,657) 
 
 (63,921) 
 
 (39,735)  
 -    
 (137,398) 
At 31 December 2020 
 223,224   
 227,928   
 44,016   
 104,591   
 -    
 599,759  
Charge for the year (Note 32) 
 30,018   
 50,761   
 32,171   
 47,765   
 -  
 160,715  
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
 -   
 (58,948) 
 
 (12,667) 
 
 (54,165) 
 
 -  
 (125,780) 
At 31 December 2021 
 253,242   
 219,741   
 63,520   
 98,191   
 -  
 634,694  
Carrying amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
At 31 December 2021 
935,790 
 
198,231 
 
168,816 
 
70,309 
 
52,950  
1,426,096 
At 31 December 2020 
933,283 
 
215,958 
 
182,215 
 
90,485 
 
44,828  
1,466,769 
 
 * Capital work-in-progress mainly related to the new Head Office of the Group which has been capitalised during the year ended 31 December 2020.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
66
F-248

--- Page 409 ---
67
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
67
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
13 
Intangible assets 
Software 
AED’000 
Cost
At 1 January 2020 
 526,452 
Additions during the year 
137,469 
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
(63,021) 
At 31 December 2020
 600,900 
Additions during the year 
82,298
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
(13,544)
At 31 December 2021
669,654
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2020 
 263,575 
Charge for the year (Note 32) 
 76,225 
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
 (33,342) 
At 31 December 2020
 306,458 
Charge for the year (Note 32) 
94,854
Disposals/write-offs/elimination 
(12,994)
At 31 December 2021
388,318
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2021
281,336
At 31 December 2020
294,442
F-249

--- Page 410 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
68
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
14 
Deposits and balances due to banks  
 
(a) 
The analysis of deposits and balances due to banks is as follows: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
 
Time 
13,947,840  
10,117,449 
Demand 
3,192,445  
2,079,656 
Overnight  
2,426,201  
2,647,275 
 
19,566,486  
14,844,380 
 
(b) 
The above represent deposits and balances due to banks from: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
 
Banks within the UAE 
1,761,073  
1,751,736 
Banks outside the UAE 
17,805,413  
13,092,644 
   
19,566,486  
14,844,380 
 
15 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements 
2,729,147 
 
2,289,723 
 
The above repurchase agreements with banks are at an average interest rate of 1.14% (31 
December 2020: 2.66%) per annum. Collateral provided as security against these Repo 
borrowings are disclosed in Note 7(f), 8(g) and 9(f)  to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
16 
Customers' deposits  
 
(a) 
The analysis of customers’ deposits is as follows: 
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
 
Current and other accounts 
50,248,066   
39,907,698 
Saving accounts 
6,109,303   
4,271,221 
Time deposits 
30,793,533   
32,197,054 
 
87,150,902  
76,375,973 
 
F-250

--- Page 411 ---
69
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
69
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
16 
Customers' deposits (continued) 
(b)
Analysis by industry sector:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Government and public sector 
  6,105,551 
 5,812,573 
Commercial and business 
   56,772,841 
 48,157,046 
Personal 
   19,846,620 
 17,385,515 
Financial institutions 
3,842,613 
 4,533,955 
Other 
    583,277 
 486,884 
87,150,902 
76,375,973 
17 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
(a)
The analysis of Islamic customers’ deposits is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Current and other accounts 
3,586,227 
2,649,864 
Saving accounts 
191,227 
153,396 
Time deposits 
10,554,633 
9,081,306 
14,332,087 
11,884,566 
(b)
Analysis by industry sector:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Government and public sector 
  812,773 
 456,559 
Commercial and business 
      3,899,289 
 3,246,715 
Personal 
1,082,002 
 955,007 
Financial institutions 
  8,538,023 
 7,226,285 
14,332,087 
11,884,566 
F-251

--- Page 412 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
70
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
18 
Other liabilities  
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
  
 
Interest payable 
425,204 
 
 552,774  
Negative fair value of derivatives (Note 41) 
970,260 
 
 1,292,784  
Insurance related payables 
572,859 
 
 594,729  
Accrued expenses 
861,278 
 
 925,219  
Income received in advance 
538,702 
 
 295,802  
Pay orders issued 
533,625 
 
 550,775  
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity** 
234,980   
 248,331  
Provision for taxation 
104,531   
 90,936  
Lease liability 
62,280 
 
 82,160  
Others 
1,185,817 
 
706,656  
Allowance for impairment – off balance sheet 
538,772 
 
 468,742  
6,028,308  
5,808,908 
 
** 
Provision for employees’ end of service indemnity included AED 212 million (31 
December 2020: AED 231 million) for estimated amounts required to cover employees’ 
end of service indemnity at the reporting date as per UAE Labour Law. 
 
 
The remaining amount of provision for employees’ end of service indemnity relates to 
overseas branches and subsidiaries outside UAE and is computed based on the local laws 
and regulations of respective jurisdictions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-252

--- Page 413 ---
71
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
71
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
19 
Medium-term loans 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Medium term notes 
7,315,119 
9,616,042 
(a)
The maturities of the medium-term notes (MTNs) issued under the Euro Medium Term
Note (EMTN) programme are as follows:
Year 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
2021 
-
2,225,351
2022 
 2,095,531 
2,126,261
2023 
 389,753 
402,886 
2024 
 3,989,012 
3,994,994 
2025 
799,917 
826,462 
2029 
40,906 
40,088 
7,315,119 
9,616,042 
Medium term notes are denominated in following currencies: 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
U.S. Dollars 
5,254,006 
6,904,126 
Japanese Yen 
593,340 
887,436 
Australian Dollars 
53,376 
56,785 
Chinese Yuan 
1,170,251 
1,161,424 
Euro 
83,223 
90,246 
South African Rand 
36,941 
40,077 
Great Britain Pound 
123,982 
475,948 
7,315,119 
9,616,042 
The Group established a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme for USD 5 billion 
(AED 18.37 billion) under an agreement dated 15 March 2010. 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, AED 2 billion of medium-term notes were 
redeemed. 
F-253

--- Page 414 ---
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Insurance contract liabilities 
  
 
Outstanding claims 
 2,188,676   
2,295,448 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve 
 484,339   
623,989 
Life assurance fund 
 113,442   
133,755 
Unearned premium 
 1,346,425   
1,295,244 
Unit linked liabilities 
 426,321   
391,701 
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses reserve 
 7,399   
7,642 
4,566,602  
4,747,779 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Reinsurance contract assets 
  
 
Outstanding claims 
 1,734,884   
1,838,783 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve 
 227,102   
344,412 
Life assurance fund 
 21,502   
24,981 
Unearned premium 
 716,478   
683,744 
2,699,966  
2,891,920 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Insurance contract liabilities-net 
  
 
Outstanding claims 
 453,792   
456,665 
Incurred but not reported claims reserve 
 257,237   
279,577 
Life assurance fund 
 91,940   
108,774 
Unearned premium 
 629,948   
611,500 
Unit linked liabilities 
 426,321   
391,701 
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses reserve 
 7,398   
7,642 
1,866,636  
1,855,859 
 
   
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
72
F-254

--- Page 415 ---
73
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets  (continued) 
20.1 Movement in the provision for outstanding claims, IBNR and unallocated loss adjustment expenses and the related reinsurers’ share 
2021 
 
2020 
Gross 
Reinsurance 
Net 
Gross 
Reinsurance 
Net 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
At 1 January 
2,927,079 
(2,183,195) 
743,884 
2,438,081 
(1,841,540) 
596,541 
Claims incurred during the year 
2,394,478 
(1,295,860)
1,098,618 
2,772,951 
(1,668,815) 
1,104,136 
Claims settled during the year 
 (2,641,143) 
 1,517,068 
 (1,124,075) 
(2,283,953) 
1,327,160 
(956,793) 
At 31 December  
 2,680,414 
 (1,961,987) 
 718,427 
2,927,079 
(2,183,195) 
743,884 
20.2 Movement in life assurance fund 
AED’000 
At 1 January 2020 
142,302 
Net movement during the year 
(33,528) 
At 31 December 2020 
108,774 
Net movement during the year 
 (16,834) 
At 31 December 2021 
 91,940 
20. 3 Movement in unit linked liabilities
AED’000 
At 1 January 2020 
332,324 
Net movement during the year 
59,377 
At 31 December 2020 
391,701 
Net movement during the year 
 34,620 
At 31 December 2021 
 426,321 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
73
F-255

--- Page 416 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
74
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
20 
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets 
(continued) 
The following table presents the sensitivity of the value of insurance contract liabilities disclosed 
in this note to movements in the assumptions used in the estimation of insurance contract 
liabilities.  For liabilities under long-term insurance contracts with fixed and guaranteed terms, 
changes in assumptions will not cause a change to the amount of liability, unless the change is 
severe enough to trigger a liability adequacy test adjustment. No losses arose in either 2021 or 
2020, based on the results of the liability adequacy test. The table below indicates the level of the 
respective variable that will trigger an adjustment and then indicates the liability adjustment 
required as a result of further deterioration in the variable. 
Change in 
assumptions 
Increase /(decrease) in net 
liability 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Morality/morbidity 
+10%
 518 
620 
Discount rate 
+75bps
 (2,541) 
(3,149) 
Morality/morbidity 
-10%
(522)
(625)
Discount rate 
-75bps
 2,735 
3,400 
21 
Issued and paid up capital and reserves 
(a)
Issued and paid up capital
At the general meeting held on 9 November 2021, the shareholders approved increase in the 
share capital of the Bank to AED 2,006,098,300 by issuing 23,079,007 bonus shares based on 
the existing face value of AED 10 per share, which is a non cash transaction. 
As at 31 December 2021, 200,609,830 ordinary shares of AED 10 each (31 December 2020: 
177,530,823 ordinary shares of AED 10 each) were fully issued and paid up. 
(b)
Statutory and legal reserves
In accordance with UAE Federal Law No. (2) of 2015, 10% of net profit for the year is to be 
transferred to the statutory reserve.  Such transfers to reserves may cease when they reach the 
levels established by the respective regulatory authorities (in the UAE. this level is 50% of the 
issued and paid up share capital). The legal reserve relates to the Group's foreign operations. 
Neither the statutory reserve nor the legal reserve is available for distribution. 
(c)
General reserve
The general reserve is computed pursuant to the Bank’s Articles of Association and can be 
used for the purposes determined by the Annual General Meeting. 
F-256

--- Page 417 ---
75
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
75
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
21 
Issued and paid up capital and reserves (continued) 
 
(d) 
Currency translation reserve 
 
Exchange differences relating to the translation of the results and net assets of the Group's 
foreign operations from their functional currencies to the Group's presentation currency (i.e. 
AED), are recognised directly in consolidated statement of comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the Currency translation reserve. Gains and losses on hedging instruments that 
are designated as hedging instruments for hedges of net investments in foreign operations are 
included in the Currency translation reserve. Exchange differences previously accumulated in 
the Currency translation reserve (in respect of translating both the net assets of foreign 
operations and hedges of foreign operations) are reclassified to the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss on the disposal or reduction of net equity via distribution of the foreign operation. 
  
(e) 
Investments revaluation reserve 
 
Investments revaluation reserve shows the effects from the fair value measurement of 
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI. The change in fair value for the year amounted to a 
loss of AED 174 million (31 December 2020: loss of AED 104 million) and was reflected in 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income [note 7(k)]. 
 
(f) 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
 
The cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses 
arising on changes in fair value of cross currency swap hedging instruments entered into for 
cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value for cross 
currency swap of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accumulated under the 
heading of cash flow hedging reserve will be reclassified to consolidated statement of profit 
or loss only when the hedged transaction affects the consolidated statement of profit or loss, 
or included as a basis adjustment to the non-financial hedged item, consistent with the Group’s 
accounting policy.   
 
 (g) 
Dividends on equity instruments 
 
At the Annual General Meeting of the shareholders held on 19 April 2021, the shareholders 
approved a nil cash dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: cash 
dividend of 40% of the issued and paid up capital amounting to AED 710 million).  
 
F-257

--- Page 418 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
76
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
22 
Non-controlling interests 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
At beginning of the year  
757,680 
710,348 
Share of profit for the year (Note 36) 
73,508 
72,575 
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) for the 
year 
12,024 
(7,471) 
Dividend paid 
(32,825) 
- 
Transaction with NCI 
(14,325) 
(17,772) 
At end of the year  
796,062 
757,680 
23 
Contingent liabilities and commitments 
(a)
The analysis of the Group’s contingent liabilities and commitments is as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Guarantees 
33,706,515 
     40,270,247 
Letters of credit     
15,785,785 
9,235,601 
Commitments for capital expenditure 
290,668 
317,697 
49,782,968 
49,823,545 
(b)
Irrevocable undrawn credit facilities commitments as at 31 December 2021 amounted to
AED 7.95 billion (31 December 2020: AED 6.25 billion).
The analysis of contingent liabilities and commitments by geographic region and industry 
sector is shown in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. 
F-258

--- Page 419 ---
77
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
77
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
24 
Interest income  
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Loans and advances 
2,647,739  
2,895,464  
Banks  
689,138  
847,521 
Central banks 
73,641  
148,669 
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost 
469,375  
444,623 
Others 
371,931  
178,647 
4,251,824  
4,514,924 
 
25 
Income from Islamic financing and investment products 
 
2021 
 
2020 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Financing 
 
 
 
Murabaha 
302,081  
304,587 
Ijarah 
154,190   
209,738 
Other 
4,512   
- 
460,783  
514,325 
 
 
 
Investment 
 
 
 
Wakalah 
14,470   
29,152 
 
14,470   
29,152 
 
 
 
Total 
475,253  
543,477 
 
26 
Interest expense  
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Customers’ deposits 
927,886  
1,320,733 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
301,234  
457,305 
Medium-term loans 
276,584  
332,659 
1,505,704  
2,110,697 
 
27 
Distribution to depositors – Islamic products 
 
This represents the share of income allocated to depositors of the Group.  The allocation and 
distribution to depositors is approved by the Group’s Internal Shari’ah Supervision Committee. 
 
F-259

--- Page 420 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
78
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
28 
Net fee and commission income 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Fee and commission income 
Commission income 
588,614 
481,081 
Insurance commission 
228,609 
195,032 
Fees and charges on banking services 
667,576 
598,659 
Credit card related fees 
1,720,244 
1,167,108 
Others 
213,043 
200,656 
Total 
3,418,086 
2,642,536 
Fee and commission expenses 
Commission expense 
(34,553) 
(27,235) 
Insurance commission 
(327,286) 
(324,485) 
Credit card related expenses 
(1,356,517) 
(986,744) 
Others 
(122,931) 
(84,560) 
Total 
(1,841,287) 
(1,423,024) 
Net fee and commission income 
1,576,799 
1,219,512 
29 
Net investment income 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Net realised gain from sale of other financial assets 
 measured at FVTPL  
28,305 
43,145 
Unrealised gain on other financial assets 
 measured at FVTPL [Note 7(j)] 
8,521 
9,564 
Dividend income from other financial assets measured 
 at FVTPL 
1,041 
1,382 
Net realised gain from sale of other financial assets 
 measured at amortised cost/ FVTOCI 
117,603 
242,328 
Dividend income from other financial assets measured 
at  FVTOCI [Note 7 (i)] 
21,337 
24,961 
176,807 
321,380 
F-260

--- Page 421 ---
79
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
79
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
30 
Other income, net 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Foreign exchange gains  
472,228 
390,141 
Insurance related income (Note 36) 
454,995 
528,027 
(Loss)/gain on disposal of property and equipment 
(3,447) 
8,110 
Unrealised gain/(loss) on derivatives 
30,724 
(19,602) 
Unrealised gain/(loss) on investment properties (Note 11) 
13,114 
(23,876) 
Others 
39,363 
48,272 
1,006,977 
931,072 
31 
Allowances for impairment, net 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Deposits and balances due from banks [Note 6(c)] 
(4,404) 
54,678 
Other financial assets measured at amortised cost 
[Note 7(d)] 
3,270 
(5,134) 
Other financial assets measured at FVOCI 
3,372 
728 
Loans and advances measured at amortised cost [Note 
8(e)] 
1,529,908 
2,393,760 
Islamic financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost [Note 9(d)] 
203,822 
310,864 
Other assets 
10,190 
13,441 
Change in impairment allowance on off-balance sheet 
items 
88,773 
312,099 
Loans and advances including Islamic financing and 
investment products measured at amortized cost written 
off 
408,412 
327,384 
Recovery of loans and advances including Islamic 
financing and investment products measured at 
amortised cost previously written off 
(184,717)
(51,001) 
2,058,626 
3,356,819 
32 
General and administrative expenses 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Salaries and employees related expenses 
   1,466,741 
1,535,704 
Depreciation on property and equipment (Note 12) 
160,715 
155,738 
Amortisation on intangible assets (Note 13) 
94,854 
76,225 
Social contribution 
1,785 
3,733 
Others 
   898,862 
1,173,456 
2,622,957 
2,944,856 
F-261

--- Page 422 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
80
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
33 
Earnings/(loss) per share  
 
The basic and diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net (loss) / profit 
attributable to owners of the Parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue 
during the year.  
 
2021  
2020 
 
 
Profit/(loss) for the year (AED'000)  
   (Attributed to owners of the Parent) 
   1,002,203
 
(1,277,826) 
Number of ordinary shares outstanding [Note 21(a)] 
    200,609,830  
177,530,823 
Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share (AED) 
5.56  
(7.09) 
 
In accordance with IAS 33 “Earnings Per Share”, the impact of bonus shares issued have been 
considered retrospectively while computing the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
during all periods presented. 
 
34 
Proposed dividends  
 
The board of Directors has proposed a 10% cash dividend for the year ended 31 December  2021 
at their meeting held on 31 January 2022. 
 
35 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, current accounts and other balances with 
central bank, certificates of deposits, balances with banks and money market placements which 
are maturing within three months from the value date of the deposit or placement, as below.  
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
Cash on hand 
 
1,027,306  
996,803 
Current accounts and other balances with central banks 
9,223,621  
8,124,832 
Certificates of deposit maturing within 3 months 
2,800,000  
- 
Deposits and balances due from banks maturing  
   within 3 months 
8,251,111 
 
11,718,981 
21,302,038  
20,840,616 
F-262

--- Page 423 ---
81
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
81
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates 
(a)
At 31 December 2021, Mashreqbank PSC Group (the “Group”) comprises the Bank and
the following direct subsidiaries, associates and joint venture:
Name 
Place of incorporation 
(or registration) and 
operation 
Proportion of 
ownership 
interest 
Principal activity 
Subsidiary 
% 
Oman Insurance Company (PSC) 
United Arab Emirates 
64.46 
Insurance & reinsurance 
Mindscape FZ LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
IT services 
Mashreq Securities LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
99.98 
Brokerage 
Mashreq Capital (DIFC) Limited 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Brokerage and asset & 
fund  management 
Mashreq Al Islami Finance Company  
(PJSC) 
United Arab Emirates 
99.80 
Islamic finance company 
Injaz Services FZ LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Service provider 
Invictus Limited 
Cayman Islands 
100.00 
Special purpose vehicle 
Al Taqania Employment Services One 
Person Company LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Al Kafaat Employment Services One 
Person Company LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Mashreq for Business Process Support 
(Sole Person Company) 
Egypt 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Mashreq Global Services (SMC 
private) Limited 
Pakistan 
100.00 
Employment Services 
Shorouq Commodities Trading DMCC United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Trading 
IDFAA Payment Services LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
100.00 
Payment service provider 
Osool – A Finance Company (PJSC) * United Arab Emirates 
98.00 
Finance  
Associate 
Emirates Digital Wallet LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
23.22 
Digital wallet service 
Joint venture 
Noon Digital Pay LLC 
United Arab Emirates 
51.00 
Digital wallet service 
* Under liquidation
F-263

--- Page 424 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
82
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued) 
 
(b) 
Financial details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank are as follows: 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Profit allocated to non-
controlling interest 
Accumulated non- 
controlling interests 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Oman Insurance Company 
(PSC) 
73,077  
     72,330   
789,970  
  748,973  
 
  
    
  
 
Individually immaterial 
subsidiaries with non - 
controlling interests 
  
 
431   
          245   
6,092  
       8,707  
 
 73,508   
     72,575   
796,062  
  757,680  
 
(c) 
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL include investments by Oman Insurance 
Company PSC amounting to AED 447 million (31 December 2020: AED 394 million).  
 
(d) 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group sold investments held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income amounting to AED 154 million at the time of sale 
(31 December 2020: AED 133 million). The Group realised a loss of AED 6 million (31 
December 2020: loss of  AED 27 million) which was transferred to retained earnings. 
 
F-264

--- Page 425 ---
83
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
83
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
36 
Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued) 
(e)
Below is the summarised financial information of Oman Insurance Company (PSC)
Group, the only subsidiary in which there is a material non-controlling interest. The
financial information represents balances before intra-group eliminations.
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Statement of financial position 
Total assets 
7,555,814 
7,634,687 
Total liabilities 
5,332,820 
5,558,920 
Net equity  
2,222,994 
2,075,767 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Gross insurance premium 
 3,538,930 
3,585,104 
Less: Insurance premium ceded to reinsurers 
 (1,953,527) 
(1,952,002) 
Net retained premium 
 1,585,403 
1,633,102 
Net change in unearned premium and mathematical 
reserve 
 (31,791) 
(939) 
Net earned insurance premium 
 1,553,612 
1,632,163 
Gross claims settled 
 (2,641,143) 
(2,283,953) 
Insurance claims recovered from reinsurers 
 1,517,068 
1,327,160 
Net claims settled 
 (1,124,075) 
(956,793) 
Net change in outstanding claims and additional reserve 
 25,457 
(147,343) 
Net claims incurred 
 (1,098,618) 
(1,104,136) 
Insurance related income (Note 30) 
 454,994 
528,027 
Net commission and other loss 
 (55,976) 
(87,085) 
Net investment income 
 138,323 
90,296 
Net expenses 
 (331,216) 
(334,693) 
Profit for the year 
 206,125 
196,545 
Other comprehensive loss 
 38,056 
(15,463) 
Total comprehensive income  
 244,181 
181,082 
Statement of cash flows 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
53,562 
199,106 
Net cash used in investing activities 
17,184 
(45,780) 
Net cash used in financing activities 
(97,940) 
(26,950) 
Net (decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents 
(27,194) 
126,376 
F-265

--- Page 426 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
84
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
37 
Related party transactions 
(a)
Certain “related parties” (such as directors, key management personnel and major
shareholders of the Group and companies of which they are principal owners) are
customers of the Group in the ordinary course of business. Transactions with such related
parties are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral,
as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with external customers
and parties.  Such related party transactions are disclosed below.
(b)
Related party balances included in the consolidated statement of financial position are as
follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Balances with major shareholders 
Loans and advances 
2,810,150 
3,575,543 
Deposits/ financial instruments under lien 
1,029,236 
979,128 
Letter of credit and guarantees 
1,854,305 
1,362,098 
Balances with directors and key management 
personnel 
Loans and advances 
125,107 
72,488 
Deposits/ financial instruments under lien 
230,884 
189,520 
Letter of credit and guarantees 
5,369 
82,832 
(c)
Profit/(loss) for the year includes related party transactions as follows:
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Transactions with major shareholders 
Interest income 
79,407 
135,070 
Interest expense 
891 
1,705 
Other income 
33,984 
46,120 
Transactions with directors and key management 
personnel 
Interest income 
2,011 
3,198 
Interest expense 
71 
490 
Other income 
341 
501 
(d)
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly.
Compensation of key management personnel comprises of salaries, bonuses and other
benefits amounted in total to AED 40 million (31 December 2020: AED 38 million).
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
84
F-266

--- Page 427 ---
85
85
85
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
38 
Concentration of assets, liabilities and off balance sheet items 
 
(a) 
Geographic regions 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
UAE.  
89,063,593  
74,602,940  
26,291,091  
 87,839,540   
 72,494,789   
31,227,767 
Other Middle East Countries 
37,079,026  
31,949,362  
8,772,586  
 27,550,381   
 24,881,814   
6,145,460 
O.E.C.D. 
19,846,199  
29,787,617  
6,264,462  
 17,423,643   
 21,325,242   
5,301,288 
Others 
31,064,791  
19,689,404  
8,164,161  
 25,709,676   
 19,632,987   
6,831,333 
 
177,053,609  156,029,323  
49,492,300   158,523,240    138,334,832   
49,505,848 
 
(b) 
Industry Sectors 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Letter of 
credit and 
guarantees 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Liabilities 
 Letter of credit 
and guarantees 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000   
AED’000 
Government and public sector 
29,948,837  
7,194,809  
44,682  
 28,620,730   
 6,502,837   
 234,787  
Commercial & business 
59,148,116  
74,139,651  
34,386,637  
 54,781,239   
 65,843,185   
 38,604,914  
Personal 
19,243,040  
21,504,238  
480,376  
 15,180,851   
 18,869,364   
 407,917  
Financial institutions 
66,620,002  
51,993,297  
14,374,179  
 58,365,437   
45,424,934  
 10,198,730  
Others 
2,093,614  
1,197,328  
206,426  
 1,574,983   
 858,633   
 59,500  
177,053,609
156,029,323
49,492,300
158 523 240
138 334 832
49,505,848
F-267

--- Page 428 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
86
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
39 
Segmental information 
Reportable segments 
IFRS 8 – Operating Segments – requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of 
internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their performance. 
Reportable segments 
Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports about the components of the 
Group that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s CEO (the Group’s chief operating decision 
maker) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance. Information 
reported to the Group’s CEO for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of 
performance is based on following strategic business units offering products and services to 
different markets. 
The Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are therefore as follows: 
(i)
Corporate and Investment Banking segment comprises of domestic corporate and
commercial banking. It also includes global Financial Institution business. It offers
complete suite of corporate banking products such as Trade finance, contracting
finance, project finance, investment banking, cash management, correspondent
banking, etc.
(ii)
The Retail segment includes products and services offered to individuals or small
businesses within U.A.E, Qatar and Egypt. The product offerings to customers include,
current accounts, savings accounts, fixed deposits, investment products, “Mashreq
Millionaire” deposits, personal loans, mortgage loans, business loans, credit cards with
unique loyalty programs, bank assurance, overdraft, priority banking, SME, private
banking and wealth management services.
(iii)
The Treasury & Capital Markets segment consists of customer flow business and
proprietary business and funding centre management. Customer flow business
includes transactions for foreign exchange, derivatives, margin FX, futures, hedging,
investment products, domestic equities (brokerage) and asset management undertaken
on behalf of customers. The proprietary business includes trading and investing
activity undertaken on behalf of the Group.
(iv)
The International Banking segment consists of Corporate business for the Group’s
overseas banking branches. Product range covers complete suite similar to domestic
corporate.
(v)
All Islamic banking products offered to customers are included under the Islamic
Banking segment. These products are Ijarah Home Finance, Mudarabah Deposit,
Mudarabah savings account, Musharaka finance, Murabaha commodity finance, Ijarah
Equipment Finance, Sukuk Underwriting, Musharaka LC, Murabaha LC, TR
Murabaha, Kafala, Wakala Deposit, Reverse Murabaha Deposit & Sukuk Advisory.
F-268

--- Page 429 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
87
87
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Reportable segments (continued) 
 
(vi) 
The Insurance subsidiary, Oman Insurance Company (PSC) Group – comprises the 
Insurance segment. The product offerings to customers include life, health, motor, 
marine cargo and hull, aviation, fire and general accident, engineering, liability and 
personal lines insurance.  
(vii) 
Other consists of Head office and certain investments and assets held centrally due to 
their strategic significance to the Group.  
 
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting 
policies described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statement Segment profit represents the 
profit earned by each segment without allocation of general and administrative expenses, 
allowances for impairment and tax expenses. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-269

--- Page 430 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
88
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Reportable segments (continued) 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
Corporate & 
Investment 
banking  
Retail  
Treasury & 
capital 
markets  
 
Islamic 
banking 
 
International 
banking  Insurance  
Other  
Total 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Net interest income and earnings from 
Islamic products 
1,016,181
954,511  
 
  214,689  
   
299,368  
371,702
  81,381
107,657
 3,045,489
Non interest income, net 
  686,150
  707,735  
  661,088  
  74,658  
  195,520
  453,230
  (17,798)
  2,760,583 
Operating income 
  1,702,331
  1,662,246  
  875,777  
  374,026  
  567,222
  534,611
  89,859
  5,806,072
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
General and administrative expenses 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  (2,622,957)
Operating profit before impairment 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  3,183,115 
Allowances for impairment, net 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  (2,058,626)
Profit before tax 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1,124,489
Tax expense 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
(48,778)
Profit  for the year 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1,075,711
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Owners of the Parent 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1,002,203
Non-controlling interests 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
73,508 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
1,075,711
 
 
 
 
Segment Assets 
  61,650,177
  17,263,207  
  36,209,355    15,093,871
  18,634,754
  7,466,493
  20,735,752
  177,053,609
Segment Liabilities 
  51,973,472
  36,727,897  
  17,472,601    15,033,770
  11,887,394
  5,305,995
  17,628,193
  156,029,322
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
88
F-270

--- Page 431 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
89
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
89
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
 
Reportable segments (continued) 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
Corporate & 
Investment 
banking  
Retail  
Treasury & 
capital 
markets  
 
Islamic 
banking 
 
International 
banking  Insurance  
Other  
Total 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Net interest income and earnings from 
Islamic products 
 
 850,554   
  
913,053   
  
(11,434)  
 
 272,073  
 
 
 280,066   
  
82,343   
 
 289,645   
 
 2,676,300  
Non interest income, net 
 589,191   
 495,004   
 673,098   
 65,312   
 184,584   
 449,051   
 15,724   
 2,471,964  
Operating income 
1,439,745  
1,408,057  
661,664  
337,385  
464,650  
531,394  
305,369  
 5,148,264  
 
 
  
 
 
 
General and administrative expenses 
 
  
 
 
(2,944,856) 
Operating profit before impairment 
 
  
 
 
2,203,408 
Allowances for impairment, net 
 
  
 
 
(3,356,819) 
Loss before tax 
 
  
 
 
(1,153,411) 
Tax expense 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(51,840)
Loss for the year 
 
  
 
 
(1,205,251) 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Attributable to: 
 
  
 
 
 
Owners of the Parent 
 
  
 
 
(1,277,826) 
Non-controlling interests 
 
  
 
 
72,575 
 
 
  
 
 
(1,205,251) 
 
Segment Assets 
 50,953,938
 14,611,527  
 40,493,411  
 14,743,950 
 11,134,784
 7,513,691   19,071,939
  158,523,240 
Segment Liabilities 
 48,281,737
 30,133,069  
 15,127,649  
 12,668,622 
 10,853,882
 5,529,196   15,740,677
  138,334,832 
F-271

--- Page 432 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
90
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
39 
Segmental information (continued) 
Geographical information 
The Group operates in four principal geographical areas – UAE. (country of domicile), other 
Middle East Countries (Kuwait, Bahrain, Egypt and Qatar), O.E.C.D. (USA and UK) and other 
countries (India and Hong Kong). 
The Group’s revenue from continuing operations from external customers and information about 
its non-current assets by geographical location are detailed below: 
Operating income  
from external customers * 
Non-current assets ** 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
UAE 
4,711,137 
4,188,913 
2,062,938 
2,093,416 
Other Middle East countries 
810,728 
687,634 
76,036 
79,546 
O.E.C.D. 
173,383 
186,150 
22,250 
29,582 
Other countries 
110,824 
85,567 
9,037 
8,382 
5,806,072 
5,148,264 
2,170,261 
2,210,926 
*
Operating income from external customers is based on the Group’s operational centres.
** 
Non-current assets include property & equipment, intangible assets and investment
properties. The additions to non-current assets during the year relate to property &
equipment and intangible assets which has been disclosed in note 12 and 13. Refer to note
12 and 13 for depreciation and amortisation.
Revenue from major products and services 
Revenue from major products and services are disclosed in Notes 24, 25, 28, 29 and 30 in the 
consolidated financial statements. 
Information about major customers 
No single customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020. 
F-272

--- Page 433 ---
91
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
91
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
40 
Classification of financial assets and liabilities 
 
(a) 
The table below sets out the Group’s classification of each class of financial assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
FVTPL  FVTOCI   
Amortised 
 cost  
Total 
 
AED’000  AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
  
  
 
 
Financial assets: 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 - 
 
  -
  17,507,751 
17,507,751 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 - 
 
  -
28,805,095 
 28,805,095 
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
2,273,444 
 14,167,679 
  -
 16,441,123 
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
  - 
 
  -
   10,277,824 
 10,277,824 
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost 
 - 
 
  -
   66,432,570 
66,432,570 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised cost 
 - 
 
  -
15,053,454 
  15,053,454 
Acceptances 
 
 
14,340,671 
14,340,671 
Other assets 
    1,028,186 
 
  -
1,887,183 
  2,915,369 
Total 
3,301,630 
 14,167,679 
154,304,548 
171,773,857 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
Financial liabilities: 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 - 
 
 -
 19,566,486 
 19,566,486 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 - 
 
 -
 2,729,147 
 2,729,147 
Customers' deposits 
 - 
 
 -
 87,150,902 
 87,150,902 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 - 
 
 -
 14,332,087 
 14,332,087 
Acceptances 
 
 
 14,340,671 
 14,340,671 
Other liabilities 
 970,260 
 
 -
 3,606,976 
 4,577,236 
Medium-term loans 
 - 
 
 -
 7,315,119 
 7,315,119 
Total 
 970,260 
 
 -
 149,041,388 
 150,011,648 
 
 
F-273

--- Page 434 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
92
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
40 
Classification of financial assets and liabilities (continued) 
(b)
The table below sets out the Group’s classification of each class of financial assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2020:
FVTPL 
FVTOCI 
Amortised 
 cost 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Financial assets: 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 -   
-   
 17,941,941 
 17,941,941 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 -   
-   
 28,239,030 
 28,239,030 
Other financial assets measured at fair value  1,453,367 
 6,985,736 
-
8,439,103
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
 -   
-   
 11,000,654 
 11,000,654 
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost 
 -   
-   
 57,286,411 
 57,286,411 
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost 
 -   
-   
 14,246,343 
 14,246,343 
Acceptances 
 -   
-   
 12,767,461 
 12,767,461 
Other assets 
 1,512,413 
-
1,629,844
 3,142,257 
Total 
 2,965,780 
 6,985,736 
143,111,684 
153,063,200 
Financial liabilities: 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 -   
-   
 14,844,380 
 14,844,380 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 -   
-   
 2,289,723 
 2,289,723 
Customers' deposits 
 -   
-   
 76,375,973 
 76,375,973 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 -   
-   
 11,884,566 
 11,884,566 
Acceptances 
 -   
-   
 12,767,461 
 12,767,461 
Other liabilities 
 1,292,784 
-
3,286,327
 4,579,111 
Medium-term loans 
 -   
-   
9,616,042
 9,616,042 
Total 
 1,292,784 
-
131,064,472  
132,357,256
F-274

--- Page 435 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
93
93
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
41 
Derivatives 
 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group utilises the following derivative financial 
instruments for both trading and hedging purposes. These derivative financial instruments are 
based on observable market inputs i.e. Level 2. 
 
(a) 
Swaps are commitments to exchange one set of cash flows for another.  For interest rate 
swaps, counter-parties generally exchange fixed and floating rate interest payments in a 
single currency without exchanging principal. For currency swaps, fixed interest 
payments and principal are exchanged in different currencies. For cross-currency rate 
swaps, principal, fixed and floating interest payments are exchanged in different 
currencies. 
 
(b) 
Credit Default Swap (CDS) is a swap contract in which the buyer of the CDS makes a 
series of payments to the seller and, in exchange, receives a payoff if a debt instrument 
goes into default and fails to pay. 
 
(c) 
Forwards and futures are contractual agreements to either buy or sell a specified currency, 
commodity or financial instrument at a specified price and date in the future.  Forwards 
are customised contracts transacted in the over-the-counter market. Foreign currency and 
interest rate futures are transacted in standardised amounts on regulated exchanges and 
changes in futures contract values are marked to market daily. 
 
(d) 
Forward rate agreements are similar to interest rate futures, but are individually 
negotiated. They call for a cash settlement for the difference between a contracted interest 
rate and the market rate on a specified future date, on a notional principal for an agreed 
period of time. 
 
(e) 
Options are contractual agreements under which the seller (writer) grants the purchaser 
(holder) the right, but not the obligation, to either buy or sell at fixed future date or at any 
time during a specified period, a specified amount of a currency, commodity or financial 
instrument at a pre-determined price. 
 
The Group measures a net Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) on outstanding OTC derivative 
contracts to account for market value of ‘credit risk’ due to any failure to perform on contractual 
agreements by a counterparty. CVA is computed on all OTC derivatives asset classes including 
Foreign Exchange, Interest Rates, Equities and Commodities etc. CVA ensure derivatives 
transactions are priced or/and adequate reserves are built to account for expected credit losses in 
the derivatives portfolios. CVA is a function of our expected exposure to counterparts, 
probability of default and recovery rates. Internally the Group manages and monitor the exposure 
to this risk by defining controls and limits around a ‘peak future exposure’ (PFE) measure and in 
many cases by collateralizing facilities under Credit Support Annex (CSA). As at 31 December 
2021, net incremental CVA charge to statement of profit or loss amounts to AED 7 million (31 
December 2020: AED 16 million). 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-275

--- Page 436 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
94
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
41 
Derivatives (continued) 
 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Notional amount by term to maturity 
 
Positive 
fair value 
 
Negative 
 fair value 
 
Notional 
amount 
 
Up to  
3 months 
 
3 – 6  
months  
 
6 – 12 
 months  
 
1 – 5  
years  
 
Over 5  
Years 
 
     AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Derivatives held for trading: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Forward foreign exchange 
contract 
 
 249,452  
 
 
 194,982  
 
 
 56,973,978  
 
  
30,699,732  
 
 
12,574,299  
 
  
10,090,188  
 
 
 3,532,013 
 
 
 77,923  
Foreign exchange options 
(bought) 
 
 -  
 
 
 336  
 
 
 1,880,243  
 
 
 1,566,326  
 
  
31,640  
 
  
282,276  
 
 
 -    
 
 
 -    
Foreign exchange options (sold) 
 513   
 -   
 1,622,613   
 1,565,979   
 31,640   
 24,994   
 -     
 -    
Interest rate swaps 
606,997  
 662,173   
 34,035,738   
 907,988   
 377,668   
 5,252,582   
 13,526,998  
 13,970,503  
Credit default swaps 
 237   
 271   
 55,095   
 -   
 -   
 -   
55,095  
 -    
Futures contracts purchased 
(Customer) 
 
 47,450  
 
 
 23,481  
 
 
 1,208,485  
 
 
 802,997  
 
 
 1,659  
 
 
 403,828  
 
  
-    
 
 
 -    
Futures contracts sold (Customer) 
 142   
 1,301   
 47,595   
 28,634   
 18,961   
 -   
 -     
 -    
Futures contracts purchased 
(Bank) 
 
 1,301  
 
 
 142  
 
 
 47,595  
 
  
28,634  
 
  
18,961  
 
 
 -  
 
 
 -    
 
 
 -    
Futures contracts sold (Bank) 
 23,481   
 47,451   
 1,217,320   
 811,833   
 1,659   
 403,828   
 -     
 -    
Total 
 929,573   
 930,137   
 97,088,662    36,412,123   13,056,487   
 16,457,696   
 17,114,106  
 14,048,426  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Held as fair value/ cash flow 
hedge: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cross-currency swap 
 98,613   
 40,123   
 1,960,813   
 22,620   
 -   
 -     
 1,795,204  
 150,359  
Total 
 1,028,186   
 970,260   
 99,049,475    36,434,743   13,056,487   
 16,457,696   
 18,909,310  
 14,198,785  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
94
F-276

--- Page 437 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
95
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
95
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
41 
Derivatives (continued) 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Notional amount by term to maturity 
 
Positive 
fair value 
 
Negative 
 fair value 
 
Notional 
amount 
 
Up to  
3 months 
 
3 – 6  
months  
 
6 – 12 
 months  
 
1 – 5  
years  
 
Over 5  
Years 
 
     AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Derivatives held for trading: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Forward foreign exchange contract 
 627,625   
 472,924   75,256,538   55,598,286   
 7,754,686   
 3,448,122   
 8,378,338  
 77,107  
Foreign exchange options 
(bought) 
 -    
 84   
 8,520   
 8,520   
 -   
 -     
 -     
 -    
Foreign exchange options (sold) 
 84   
 -   
 8,520   
 8,520   
 -   
 -     
 -     
 -    
Interest rate swaps 
 775,662   
 774,128   34,160,162   
 551,080   
 788,143   
 764,660   
 20,292,523  
 11,763,756  
Credit default swaps 
 -  
 240   
 55,095   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 55,095  
 -    
Futures contracts purchased 
(Customer) 
 538   
 -   
 67,125   
 43,371   
 20,259   
 3,495   
 -     
 -    
Futures contracts sold (Customer) 
 -    
 2,710   
 372,404   
 362,184   
 10,220   
 -   
 -     
 -    
Futures contracts purchased (Bank) 
 2,710   
 6   
 380,692   
 368,452   
 11,598   
 643   
 -     
 -    
Futures contracts sold (Bank) 
 35   
 538   
 154,865   
 85,194   
 20,259   
 49,412   
 -     
 -    
Total 
 1,406,654   
 1,250,630   110,463,921   57,025,607   
 8,605,165   
 4,266,332   
 28,725,956  
 11,840,863  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Held as fair value/ cash flow 
hedge: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cross-currency swap 
 105,759   
 42,154   
 2,123,671   
 -   
 -   
 -     
 1,818,038  
 305,633  
Total 
 1,512,413  
 1,292,784  112,587,592   57,025,607  
 8,605,165  
 4,266,332  
 30,543,994 
 12,146,496  
F-277

--- Page 438 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
96
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
42 
Capital management 
The Group’s objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the ‘equity’ on 
the face of the consolidated statement of financial position, are: 

To comply with the capital requirements set by the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (BCBS) and the regulators of the banking markets where the entities within
the Group operate;

To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

To maintain a strong capital base and capital buffer to support the development of its
business and provide adequate cushion to withstand a variety of stress scenarios and/or
unforeseen risks.
Regulatory capital 
On June 26, 2012, the BCBS issued the Basel III rules on the information banks must publicly 
disclose when detailing the composition of their capital, which set out a framework to ensure that 
the components of banks capital bases are publicly disclosed in standardised formats across and 
within jurisdictions for banks subject to Basel III. 
Basel III is designed to materially improve the quality of regulatory capital and introduces a new 
minimum common equity capital requirement. Basel III also raises the minimum capital 
requirements and introduces capital conservation and countercyclical buffers to induce banks to 
hold capital in excess of regulatory minimums.  
The Central Bank of the UAE sets and monitors capital requirements for the Group as a whole. 
The Parent company and overseas banking operations are directly supervised by their local 
regulators. In February 2017, the Central Bank of the UAE published enhanced regulatory capital 
rules vide notifications 52 and 60/2017 which implemented Basel III in the UAE. 
The Group’s regulatory capital is analysed into two tiers, in line with the Central Bank regulation: 

Tier 1 capital, split into Common equity tier 1 (CET 1) which includes issued and paid-
up share capital, retained earnings, statutory and legal reserves, accumulated other
comprehensive income and Additional tier 1 (AT 1) comprising of instrument issued by
banks which are eligible for inclusion on AT 1 and are not included in CET 1.

Tier 2 capital, which includes general provisions (Collective allowance for impairment
subject to a limit of 1.25% of Credit Risk Weighted Assets), qualifying subordinated
liabilities not part of CET 1.
F-278

--- Page 439 ---
97
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
97
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
 
 Regulatory adjustment is applied in CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 capital consisting mainly of 
goodwill and other intangibles, deferred tax assets, cash flow hedge reserve. Additionally, 
threshold deduction is applied in case of exceeding the threshold limit. 

As per the Central bank regulation for Basel III, the capital requirement as at 31 December 2021 
is 13% inclusive of capital conservation buffer. 
 
The Bank is required to comply with the following minimum requirement: 
 
(i) 
CET1 must be at least 7% of risk weighted assets (RWA); 
(ii) 
Tier 1 capital must be at least 8.5% of risk weighted assets (RWA); and 
(iii) 
Total capital, calculated as sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital must be at least 10.5% 
of risk weighted assets (RWA). 
(iv) 
In addition, banks are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.5% 
of risk weighted assets (RWA) in the form of CET 1 
 
The Group’s assets are risk-weighted as to their relative credit, market, and operational risk. 
Credit risk includes both on and off-balance sheet risks. Market risk is defined as the risk of 
losses in on and off-balance sheet positions arising from movements in market prices and  
includes interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, equity exposure risk, commodity risk, and 
options risk. Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people or systems, or from external events. 
F-279

--- Page 440 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
98
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
As part of its Capital Management, the Bank conducts an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (ICAAP) to demonstrate to the Central Bank of the UAE that the Bank has implemented 
methods and procedures to ensure adequate capital resources and action plans in stress conditions, 
with due attention to all material risks. The Central Bank of the UAE conducts a Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) to assess the soundness of the Bank's ICAAP. 
The Group’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain market confidence and 
to sustain future development of the business. The impact of the level of capital on shareholders’ 
return is also recognised and the Group recognises the need to maintain a balance between the 
higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the advantages and security 
afforded by a sound capital position.  Historically the Group has followed a conservative dividend 
policy to increase capital from internal resources to meet future growth. To further strengthen the 
capital base and to ensure effective management of capital, the Group has issued medium-term 
floating rates notes. 
The Group and its individually regulated operations have complied with all externally imposed 
capital requirements throughout the year. 
There have been no material changes in the Group’s management of capital during the year. 
F-280

--- Page 441 ---
99
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
99
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
     
Regulatory capital (continued) 
 
(a) 
The Group’s regulatory capital positions as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 were as follows: 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
AED’000   
 AED’000  
Common equity Tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued and paid up capital 
2,006,098 
 
1,775,308 
Statutory and legal reserve 
1,012,320 
 
912,099 
General reserve 
312,000 
 
312,000 
Currency translation reserve 
(116,116) 
 
(98,332)  
Investments revaluation reserve 
(547,489) 
 
(358,088)  
Retained earnings 
17,360,802 
 
16,941,770 
Less: Regulatory deductions  
(241,729)   
(204,050) 
Total (A) 
19,785,886 
 
19,280,707 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
- 
 
- 
 
 
 
Total Tier 1 capital (B) 
19,785,886 
 
19,280,707 
 
 
 
 
Tier 2 capital 
 
 
 
General provision 
1,693,975 
 
1,471,323 
Total 
1,693,975 
 
1,471,323 
Total capital base (C) 
21,479,861 
 
20,752,030 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit risk 
135,518,028 
 
117,705,874 
Market risk 
3,206,199 
 
2,219,454 
Operational risk 
9,444,817 
 
9,724,272 
Total risk-weighted assets (D) 
148,169,044 
 
129,649,600 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy ratio [(C)/(D) x 100] 
14.50% 
 
16.01% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-281

--- Page 442 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
100
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
42 
Capital management (continued) 
Regulatory capital (continued) 
Capital allocation 
The allocation of capital between specific operations and activities is, to a large extent, driven by 
optimisation of the return achieved on the capital allocated. The amount of capital allocated to 
each operation or activity is based on the inherent risk it carries. The process of allocating capital 
to specific operations and activities is undertaken independently of those responsible for the 
operation, by Finance and Risk Groups, and is subject to review by the Bank’s Assets and 
Liabilities Committee (ALCO) as appropriate.  
Although maximisation of the return on risk-adjusted capital is the principal basis used in 
determining how capital is allocated within the Group to particular operations or activities, it is 
not the sole basis used for decision making. Account also is taken of synergies with other 
operations and activities, the availability of management and other resources, and the fit of the 
activity with the Group’s longer term strategic objectives. The Group’s policies in respect of 
capital management and allocation are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors. 
F-282

--- Page 443 ---
101
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
101
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management 
 
The Risk Management Group (“RMG”) is responsible for identifying, analysing, measuring and 
managing risk to ensure that the Group (i) remains within its risk appetite; and (ii) generates 
sustainable risk-adjusted returns as mandated by the shareholders. 
 
The Group is exposed to the following material risks: 
 
 
Credit risk 
 
Market risk 
 
Operational risk 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
The Group’s ability to consistently foster a robust risk management culture and framework is an 
important factor in its financial strength and stability. 
 
Risk Management Framework 
 
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) through the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) has overall 
responsibility for establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management framework. They 
are assisted by various management committees including the Executive Management 
Committee (“ExCo”), Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”), Assets and Liabilities Committee 
(“ALCO”), Regulatory Compliance Committee (“RCC”) and Information Security Committee 
(“ISC”). These committees are appointed by the Board and assist the Board in management of 
risk in the Group including review and approval of all risk management policies. 
 
While the Board carries ultimate responsibility for overall risk management, the ERC assists the 
Board/Board Risk Committee in discharging these responsibilities including identifying, 
analyzing, assessing, treating, monitoring and communicating the risks associated with all 
activities, functions and processes within the Group including recommending the Group’s overall 
Risk Appetite. 
 
The ERC has overall responsibility for oversight of risk management framework and risk 
appetite of the Group. The Enterprise Risk Committee is also responsible for the approval of 
credit policies and procedures of the Group and to ensure adherence to the approved policies 
and close monitoring of different risks within the Group. The Enterprise Risk Committee also 
approves policy exceptions, establishes and monitors various concentration limits (such as 
limits for country, industry sector etc.) as part of the risk appetite and reviews credit portfolio 
to manage asset quality. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-283

--- Page 444 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
102
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Risk Management Framework (continued) 
The Risk Management Group (“RMG”) is independent of business groups and is led by a Chief 
Risk Officer (“CRO”) with responsibility for deploying an enterprise-wide risk management and 
oversight of all material risks with the Group. The RMG is primarily responsible for defining the 
framework for management of all material risks within the Group.  
The Internal Audit Group (“IAG”) acts as the third line of defence function within the Group, 
independent from both the business units (“first line of defence”) and Group Operational risk 
team (“second line of defence”). IAG provides independent assurance to stakeholders and 
senior management on compliance with all risk policies and procedures in the Group and the 
effectiveness of the risk management processes. This is undertaken through periodic reviews 
of all risk-taking units within the Bank, in addition to Risk Management.  
Capital Management 
The Group’s capital management approach is designed to ensure that regulatory requirements 
are met at all times and that the Group’s operating activities, including its branches and 
subsidiaries, are capitalized in line with the Group’s risk appetite, target ratios and in 
accordance with local regulatory requirements. 
The Bank’s capital management approach further aims to facilitate the allocation and use of 
capital, such that it generates a return that appropriately compensates shareholders for the risks 
incurred. Capital adequacy is actively managed and forms a key component of the Group’s 
budget and forecasting process. The capital plan is tested under a range of stress scenarios as part 
of the Group’s annual Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ICAAP. The capital 
management approach is set and governed primarily by the ALCO. 
F-284

--- Page 445 ---
103
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
103
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Risk Appetite & Stress Testing 
The key to the Group’s long-term sustainable growth and profitability lies in ensuring that there 
is a strong link between its risk appetite and strategy.  
Risk Appetite for the Group is set and approved by the Group’s Board. The Group’s risk appetite 
is disseminated down to business groups in alignment with business strategies for these groups.   
Stress testing is a key management tool within the Group used to evaluate the sensitivity of 
current and forward risk profiles to shocks of varying nature and severity. Stress testing within 
the Group is governed by the Group’s stress testing policy which sets out the approaches for 
stress testing and associated roles and responsibilities. The primary governance committee 
overseeing risk appetite and stress testing is the ERC. 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) 
The purpose of the ICAAP is to inform the Board of the ongoing assessment of the bank's risks, 
how the bank intends to mitigate those risks and how much current and future capital is necessary 
having considered other mitigating factors. 
 
This entails the computation of the bank's aggregated Capital and the monitoring of the Group's 
capital adequacy under a variety of stressed scenarios to assess and report the impact upon the 
Group's capital buffer (measured as available capital less required risk capital) and 
recommending actions, as warranted. The risk assessment is approved by the Board as part of the 
ICAAP submission. 
 
Risks that are explicitly assessed through ICAAP are credit risk, market risk, operational risk, 
concentration risk, funding cost risk, business risk and interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Preserving the capital position remains a priority from both a regulatory and management 
viewpoint. 
 
Credit risk management  
 
Credit risk is the risk of suffering financial loss  as a result of any of the Group’s customers 
failing or unwilling to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Group. Credit risk arises mainly 
from loan and advances, loan commitments arising from such lending activities, trade finance 
and treasury activities but can also arise from financial guarantees, letter of credit, endorsements 
and acceptances. The Group is also exposed to other credit risks arising from investments in debts 
instruments, derivatives as well as settlement balances with market counterparties. 
 
The Chief Credit Officer (“CCO”) of the Group is responsible for overseeing all aspects of credit 
risk management supported by a team of experienced and trained credit risk managers. The CCO 
and credit risk managers have delegated authority within the risk management framework to 
approve credit transactions and manage credit risk on an ongoing basis. 
F-285

--- Page 446 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
104
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Credit risk is the single largest risk from the Group’s business of extending Loans and Advances 
(including loan commitments, LCs and LGs) and carrying out investment in securities and 
debts; management therefore carefully manages its exposure to credit risk. Credit risk 
management and controls are centralized under the CCO function with regular governance and 
monitoring exercised by the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”), Board Credit Committee 
(“BCC”) and Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”). 
Specifically, BCC reviews and approves credit proposals that are beyond lending authorities 
delegated to management by the Board of Directors. In addition, BRC and BCC monitors key 
elements of the Bank’s credit risk profile relative to the Bank’s risk appetite. The Board 
Committees are supported by ERC through detailed review and monitoring of credit portfolio, 
including exposure concentrations. 
An Early Alert Committee (“EAC”) is also in place to review and proactively identify 
potential problematic exposures within CIBG and IBG business groups and determine 
appropriate strategies. The EAC, along with the IFRS 9 Forum (a forum in place to oversee 
all aspects of Mashreq’s IFRS 9 framework), plays an important role in ensuring that credit 
fundamentals are linked to determination of Significant Increase in Credit Risk (SICR) and 
staging for IFRS 9 purposes.  
Loans and advances (including loan commitments, LCs and LGs) 
The estimation of credit exposure for risk management purposes is complex and requires the 
use of models, as the exposure varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows 
and the passage of time. The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further 
estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of 
default correlations between counterparties. The Group measures credit risk using the concept 
of Expected Loss which requires the following measures:  
-Probability of Default (PD)
-Loss Given Default (LGD)
-Exposure at Default (EAD)
Under IFRS 9 expected loss is replaced by Expected Credit Loss (ECL), which is based on 
macro adjusted PD, LGD & EAD measures. Additionally, it also captures deterioration and 
lifetime likelihood of defaults.   
F-286

--- Page 447 ---
105
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
105
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk grading 
 
The Group use specific internal rating models tailored to various 
industry 
segments/counterparty. Borrower and loan specific information collected at the time of 
application (such as disposable income, and level of collateral for retail exposures; and 
turnover and industry type for wholesale exposures) is fed into this rating model. This is 
supplemented with external data input into the model. The credit grades are calibrated such 
that risk of default increases exponentially at each higher risk grade. For example, this means 
that the difference in the PD between a 6 and 8 rating grade is lower than the difference in the 
PD between a 18 and 20 rating grade. 
 
The Risk Rating system for performing assets ranges from 1 to 25, each grade being associated 
with a PD. Non-performing borrowers are rated 50, 60, 70 and 80, corresponding to NAUR 
(Non-accrual Under Restructuring), Substandard, Doubtful, Loss classifications and 99 for 
Write-off. 
 
Borrower risk ratings are mapped into the following 5 Grades: 
 
Grade 
Risk Rating  
Definition  
Grade 1 
1-12 
Low Risk  
Grade 2 
13-17  
Satisfactory Risk  
Grade 3 
18-20  
High Risk  
Grade 4 
21-25  
Watch List  
Grade 5 
50,60,70,80  
Impaired  
 
The Group uses a bespoke Financial Institutions (“FI”) internal rating model to support the 
lending process. The FI Rating model consists of two major components: (i) the Financial – 
Macro Profile Analysis Assessment; and (ii) Business Analysis Assessment. Apart from the 
Financial and Business analysis factors, the model incorporates sovereign caps and 
consideration of group and government support, where applicable.  
 
The FI rating model is utilized to rate all FI borrowers including those that are not externally 
rated. This rating is used to compute ECL staging for FI borrowers. 
 
F-287

--- Page 448 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
106
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Expected credit loss measurement 
IFRS 9 outlines a ‘three-stage’ model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since 
initial recognition of a facility as summarised below:  

A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in
‘Stage 1’ and has its credit risk continuously monitored by the Group.

If a Significant Increase in Credit Risk (‘SICR’) since initial recognition is identified,
then the financial instrument is moved to ‘Stage 2’ but is not yet deemed to be credit-
impaired. Amongst other factors, the identification of SICR is measured via a change
in one year probability of default between the date of inception of facility and the date
of IFRS 9 ECL run. Other factors include restructuring and account irregularities.

If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved
to ‘Stage 3’.

Financial assets in Stage 1 have their ECL measured at an amount equal to lifetime
expected credit losses that result from default events possible within the next 12
months. Instruments in Stage 2 have their ECL measured based on expected credit
losses on a lifetime basis.

Financial assets in Stage 3 are measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit
losses or specific provision.

A pervasive concept in measuring the ECL in accordance with IFRS 9 is that it should
consider forward-looking information.
Significant increase in credit risk (SICR) 
The Group considers a financial asset to have experienced SICR when a significant change in 
one year probability of default occurs between the origination date of a specific facility and 
the IFRS 9 ECL run date. In addition, a range of qualitative criteria are also considered. 
Quantitative criteria 
Corporate loans: 
For corporate loans, if the borrower experiences a significant increase in probability of default 
which can be triggered by the following quantitative factors: 
-
Operating performance
-
Operating efficiency
-
Debt service/ covenant breaches
-
Distressed restructure
-
Account performance / irregularities
-
Liquidity assessment
-
Capital structure
F-288

--- Page 449 ---
107
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
107
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Retail: 
 
For Retail portfolio, if the borrowers meet one or more of the following criteria:  
 
- 
Adverse findings for an account/ borrower as per credit bureau data; 
- 
Loan rescheduling before 30 Days Past Due (DPD); 
- 
Accounts overdue between 30 and 90 days. 
 
Treasury: 
 
- 
Significant increase in probability of default of the underlying treasury instrument; 
- 
Significant change in the investment’s expected performance & behavior of borrower 
(collateral value, payment holiday, payment to income ratio etc.). 
 
Qualitative criteria:  
 
Corporate Loans 
 
For corporate loans, the following is also considered in determining a significant increase in 
probability of default: 
                                                                                                                                                                     
- 
Net worth erosion 
- 
Fraudulent activity 
- 
Significant operations disruption 
-  
Departure of key members of management     
- 
Industry outlook 
- 
Income stability Unavailable/inadequate financial information/financial statements 
- 
Qualified report by external auditors  
- 
Pending significant litigation  
- 
Increase in operational risk 
- 
Continued delay and non-cooperation by the borrower in providing key relevant    
documentation 
 
The Group has not used the low credit exemption for any financial instruments in the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
Backstop: 
 
A borrower that is more than 30 days past due on its contractual obligations is presumed to 
have a significantly increased credit risk as a backstop unless this presumption can be 
reasonably rebutted on the basis of supportable forward-looking information. The borrower is 
also flagged in the system and is therefore subject to closer monitoring. 
 
 
 
F-289

--- Page 450 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
108
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Definition of default and credit-impaired assets 
The Group defines a financial corporate, retail and investment instrument as in default, which 
is fully aligned with the definition of credit-impaired, when it meets one or more of the 
following criteria:  
Quantitative criteria 
The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments. 
Qualitative criteria: 
According to the Basel definition, default is considered to have occurred with regard to 
particular obligors when either one of the following events have taken place: 

The Bank considers that the obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligation to the Group
in full without recourse by the Bank to actions like realizing security (if held).

The Bank puts the credit obligation on a non-accrued status.

The Bank makes a charge-off or account-specific provision resulting from a perceived
decline in credit quality subsequent to the Bank taking on the exposure.

The Bank sells the credit obligation at a material credit-related economic loss.

The Bank consents to a distressed restructuring of the credit obligation where this is
likely to result in a diminished financial obligation caused by the material forgiveness
or postponement of principal, interest and other fees.

The Bank has filed for the obligor’s bankruptcy or similar order in respect of the
obligor’s credit obligation to the Banking Group.

The obligor is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to the
Banking Group.
The criteria above has been applied to all financial instruments held by the Group and is 
consistent with the definition of default used for internal credit risk management purposes. 
The default definition has been applied consistently to model the Probability of Default (PD), 
Exposure at Default (EAD), and Loss Given Default (LGD) throughout the Group’s expected 
loss calculations. 
An instrument is considered to no longer be in default (i.e. to have cured) when it no longer 
meets any of the default criteria for a consecutive period of twelve months. This period of 
twelve months has been determined based on an analysis which considers the likelihood of a 
financial instrument returning to default status after cure using different cure definitions. 
F-290

--- Page 451 ---
109
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
109
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
 
The Expected Credit Loss (ECL) is measured on either a 12-month (12M) or lifetime basis 
depending on whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred since the initial 
recognition of a specific facility or whether an asset is considered credit-impaired. The Group 
has adopted a forward exposure method for computing the ECL for each facility. The bank 
has opted for a monthly granular computation of PD, EAD and LGD. 
 
 
The PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation 
(as per ‘Definition of default and credit-impaired’ above), either over the next 12 
months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. 
 
EAD is based on the amounts the Group expected to be owed at the time of default, 
over the next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD). 
 
LGD represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. 
LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim and availability of 
collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of 
exposure at the time of default (EAD). LGD is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime 
basis, where 12-month LGD is the percentage of loss expected to be made if the default 
occurs in the next 12 months and lifetime LGD is the percentage of loss expected to 
be made if the default occurs over the remaining expected lifetime of the loan.  
 
The ECL is determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month and for 
each individual exposure or collective segment. These three components are multiplied 
together and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e. the exposure has not prepaid or 
defaulted in an earlier month). This effectively calculates an ECL for each future month, which 
is then discounted back to the reporting date and summed. The discount rate used in the ECL 
calculation is the effective interest rate or an approximation thereof. 
 
Lifetime expected credit losses are expected credit loss resulting from all probable default 
events over the expected lifetime of the financial instrument. Expected credit losses are the 
probability-weighted average of credit losses and the weighing factor is the Probability of 
Default (PD) for a lifetime.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-291

--- Page 452 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
110
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
(continued) 
 
During economically challenging periods, the Group may choose to increase the scenario 
weightage of the pessimistic scenario under guidance from respective regulatory authorities 
in order to maintain higher level of ECL provisions & lower the scenario weightage of 
pessimistic scenario once a favourable trend is noticed in the macro economic climate. Such 
a change was effectuated in 2020 to reflect the impact of COVID-19, where the scenario 
weightage of the pessimistic scenario was increased to 80%. Further details are included on 
COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL section. 
 
The Group has implemented risk rating models since 2005 which has enabled the Bank to rate 
borrowers based on their financial and qualitative information. The segmentation of these 
models was revisited in 2021 to introduce a new corporate model to rate large corporates. 
Rating outputs from all rating models are further used as an input into IFRS 9 macroeconomic 
models to derive a PD term structure for each rating grade in the IFRS 9 ECL computation. 
The Group has also revised the IFRS 9 macroeconomic models for UAE and Bahrain 
Corporates to include recent data. 
 
The 12-month and lifetime EADs are determined based on the expected payment profile, 
which varies by product type.  
 
 
For amortising products and bullet repayments loans, this is based on the contractual 
repayments owed by the borrower over a 12 month period or lifetime basis.  
 
For revolving committed products, the exposure at default is predicted by taking 
current drawn balance and adding a “credit conversion factor” which allows for the 
expected drawdown of the remaining committed limit by the time of default. 
 
For contingent products like LC & LG, the exposure at default is predicted using a 
Credit conversion factor inline with the Basel regulatory guidelines. 
 
The Group has adopted a workout methodology for LGD computation. For the Corporate 
segment, the Bank has developed the LGD framework using more than 21 years of data.  
 
The LGDs are determined based on the factors which impact recoveries made following 
default. These vary by product type.  
 
 
For secured products, this is primarily based on collateral type and projected collateral 
values, historical discounts to market/book values due to forced sales, time to 
repossession and recovery costs observed.  
 
For unsecured products, LGDs are typically set by different borrower segments (e.g. 
Corporates, Financial Institutions etc.) in order to reflect differences in asset structures, 
collection strategies and historical recovery experience. 
F-292

--- Page 453 ---
111
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
111
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques 
(continued) 
 
The Group has revised the Wholesale LGD framework during 2020 in order to reflect recent 
recovery experience and additional admissible security types. Forward-looking economic 
information is also included in determining the 12-month and lifetime PD. 
 
Forward looking information incorporated in the ECL models 
 
The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking 
information. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic 
variables impacting credit risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio. 
 
These economic variables and their associated impact on the ECL parameters vary by 
geographies and borrower types. Impact of these economic variables on historical default rates 
is determined by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the relationship 
between these variables. Once the relationship has been established, the bank utilizes 
macroeconomic data for these variables from Moody’s (Economy.com) and other recognized 
external sources (e.g. IMF) to obtain historical information and forecasts under base, 
optimistic and pessimistic scenarios. Expert judgement is applied in the process where the 
economic relationship between variables is weak or the forecast is deemed imprudent. 
 
For unbiased and probability-weighted ECL calculation, the Group uses probabilities of 60%, 
20% and 20% for baseline, optimistic and pessimistic macro-economic scenario respectively 
based on expert judgement in order to represent majority weight to base and an even weight 
to the rest. Refer to COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL section for sensitivity analysis 
on probability-weighted ECL calculation. 
 
Following are the macroeconomic variables used in the IFRS 9 PD models across different 
geographies: 
1.  Current Account to GDP 
2. Equity Index (Abu Dhabi) 
3. Budget Expenditure to GDP 
4. Oil Price 
5. GDP 
6. Industrial Production 
 
 
 
 
F-293

--- Page 454 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
112
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
112
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Sensitivity analysis 
The Group has calculated ECL for wholesale borrowers at an individual financial instrument 
level and portfolio level for retail borrowers.  
The most significant macroeconomic variables affecting the ECL allowance in respect of retail 
and wholesale credit portfolios are as follows:  
o
Current Account to GDP (Change)
o
Abu Dhabi Equity Index (Change)
o
Oil price
The Group has performed a sensitivity analysis on how ECL on the credit portfolio will change 
if the key assumptions used to calculate ECL change by a certain percentage. The impact on 
ECL due to changes in the forecasted probabilities of default as a result of variations in Total 
Debt to GDP and Broad Money by +10% / -10% in each scenario would result in an ECL 
reduction by AED 79 million and an ECL increase AED 101 million respectively. These 
variations are applied simultaneously to each probability weighted scenarios used to compute 
the expected credit losses. In reality there will be interdependencies between the various 
economic inputs and the exposure to sensitivity will vary across the economic scenarios. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
112
F-294

--- Page 455 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
113
113
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
 
The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of financial assets which are subject to ECL. The gross carrying amount of financial 
assets below also represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets: 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000  
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
Cash and balances with 
Central Bank 
17,507,751  
-  
-  
17,507,751  
17,941,941 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,941,941 
Loss allowance 
-  
-  
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Carrying amount 
17,507,751  
-  
-  
17,507,751  
17,941,941 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,941,941 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances 
due from banks 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment-grade 
 5,765,434   
 72,762   
 -   
 5,838,196   
 7,217,923   
 117,961   
 -     
 7,335,884  
BB+ & below 
 12,103,401   
 1,360,385   
 -   
 13,463,786   
 5,598,832   
 2,926,065   
 -     
 8,524,897  
     Unrated 
 8,114,789   
 1,476,877   
 78,946   
 9,670,612   
 9,978,354   
 2,480,994   
 85,023   
 12,544,371  
 
 25,983,624   
 2,910,024   
 78,946   
 28,972,594   
22,795,109 
 
 5,525,020   
85,023 
 
 28,405,152  
Loss allowance 
 (92,130) 
 
 (14,417) 
 
 (60,952) 
 
 (167,499)  
 (69,256) 
 
 (41,409) 
 
 (55,457)  
 (166,122) 
Carrying amount 
 25,891,494   
 2,895,607   
 17,994   
 28,805,095   
22,725,853   
5,483,611 
 
29,566   
28,239,030 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-295

--- Page 456 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
114
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Loans and 
advances -At 
amortised cost 
 
12-month 
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grading 1 
 9,078,535   
 6,076   
 -   
 9,084,611  
Grading 2 
 36,528,058   
 668,497   
 -   
 37,196,555 
Grading 3 
 16,703,319   
 3,831,848   
 -   
 20,535,167  
Grading 4 
 111,610   
 1,140,026   
 -   
 1,251,636  
Grading 5 
 -   
 -   
 4,458,678   
 4,458,678  
 
 62,421,522   
 5,646,447   
 4,458,678   
 72,526,647  
 
  
  
  
 
Loss allowance 
 (511,719)  
 (1,235,239)  
 (4,347,119)  
 (6,094,077) 
Carrying amount 
 61,909,803   
 4,411,208   
 111,559   
 66,432,570  
 
  
  
  
 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised 
cost 
 
  
 
 
 
Grading 1 
 2,006,169   
 4   
 -   
 2,006,173  
Grading 2 
 6,932,848   
 228,169   
 -   
 7,161,017  
Grading 3 
 5,150,110   
 360,932   
 -   
 5,511,042  
Grading 4 
 838   
 25,927   
 -   
 26,765  
Grading 5 
 -   
 -   
 975,420   
 975,420  
 
 14,089,965   
 615,032   
 975,420   
 15,680,417  
 
  
  
  
 
Loss allowance 
 (51,011)  
 (12,106)  
 (563,846)  
 (626,963) 
Carrying amount 
 14,038,954   
 602,926   
 411,574   
 15,053,454  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-296

--- Page 457 ---
115
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
115
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2020 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
Loans and 
advances -At 
amortised cost 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
  
  
  
 
Grading 1 
 9,232,853  
 
 237,741  
 
 -     
 9,470,594  
Grading 2 
 39,652,752  
 
 1,218,419  
 
 -     
 40,871,171  
Grading 3 
 4,788,340  
 
 2,156,715  
 
 -     
 6,945,055  
Grading 4 
 133,659  
 
 1,693,075  
 
 -     
 1,826,734  
Grading 5 
 -     
 -     
 3,576,483  
 
 3,576,483  
 
 53,807,604  
 
 5,305,950  
 
 3,576,483  
 
 62,690,037  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 (556,764)  
 (2,274,612)  
 (2,572,250)  
 (5,403,626) 
Carrying amount 
 53,250,840   
 3,031,338   
 1,004,233   
 57,286,411  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Islamic financing 
and investment 
products 
measured at 
amortised cost 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Grading 1 
 2,518,566   
 3,073   
 -     
 2,521,639  
Grading 2 
 8,111,630   
 104,287   
 -     
 8,215,917  
Grading 3 
 2,646,357   
 86,713   
 -     
 2,733,070  
Grading 4 
 24,766   
 97,351   
 -     
 122,117  
Grading 5 
 -    
 -     
 1,060,930   
 1,060,930  
 
 13,301,319   
 291,424   
 1,060,930   
 14,653,673  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 (58,112)  
 (12,530)  
 (336,688)  
 (407,330) 
Carrying amount 
 13,243,207   
 278,894   
 724,242   
 14,246,343  
 
F-297

--- Page 458 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
116
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
12-month
AED’000
Lifetime 
AED’000 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
Total 
AED’000 
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost 
Investment-grade 
 6,378,347 
 -  
-   
 6,378,347 
BB+ & below 
 3,556,040 
 -  
-   
 3,556,040 
Unrated 
 365,740 
-
2,205
 367,945 
 10,300,127 
-
2,205
 10,302,332 
Loss allowance 
 (22,303) 
-
(2,205)
 (24,508) 
Carrying amount 
 10,277,824 
-
-   
10,277,824
Other financial assets 
measured at FVTOCI 
(debt securities) 
Investment-grade 
 7,750,595 
 -  
-   
 7,750,595 
BB+ & below 
 644,747 
 -  
-   
 644,747 
Unrated 
 5,090,331 
 -  
-  
 5,090,331 
 13,485,673 
-
-
13,485,673
Loss allowance 
 (4,954) 
-   
 -   
 (4,954)
Carrying amount 
 13,480,719 
-
-   
13,480,719
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
116
F-298

--- Page 459 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
117
117
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
 
 
2020 
 
 
 
Stage 1  
Stage 2  
Stage 3  
 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Investment-grade 
 7,483,893   
 -    
 -    
 7,483,893  
BB+ & below 
 3,170,045   
 -    
 -    
 3,170,045  
Unrated 
 365,740   
 -    
 2,205   
 367,945  
 
11,019,678   
 -    
 2,205   11,021,883  
Loss allowance 
 (19,024)  
 -   
 (2,205)  
 (21,229) 
Carrying amount 
11,000,654   
 -    
 -    11,000,654  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial assets 
measured at FVTOCI 
(debt securities) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment-grade 
 6,266,974   
 -    
 -    
 6,266,974  
BB+ & below 
 205,550   
 -    
 -    
 205,550  
Unrated 
 43   
 -    
 -    
 43  
 
 6,472,567   
 -    
 -    
 6,472,567  
Loss allowance 
 (1,601)  
 -    
 -    
 (1,601) 
Carrying amount 
 6,470,966   
 -    
 -    
 6,470,966  
 
  
  
  
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-299

--- Page 460 ---
118
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2  
Stage 3  
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3  
 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets are as 
follows: 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 -    
 566,636   
 435,185   
 1,001,821   
 -    
 585,565   
 428,432   
 1,013,997  
Loss allowance 
 -    
 (19,743)   (419,613)  
 (439,356)  
 -    
 (17,789) 
 
(413,188)  
 (430,977) 
Carrying amount 
 -    
 546,893   
 15,572   
 562,465   
 -    
 567,776   
 15,244   
 583,020  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acceptances 
 14,137,040   
 203,631   
 -     
 14,340,671   
12,680,894   
 86,567   
 -     
 12,767,461  
Loss allowance 
 (25,618) 
 
 (3,787) 
 
 -     
 (29,405) 
 
 (25,277) 
 
 (1,021)  
 -     
 (26,298) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
118
F-300

--- Page 461 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
119
119
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2  
Stage 3  
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3  
 
Credit risk exposures 
relating to off-balance 
sheet items are as 
follows: 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
12-month  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime 
AED’000 
 
 
 
Lifetime  
AED’000 
 
 
 
Total 
AED’000 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Letters of credit 
 13,957,351    1,767,518   
 60,916   
 15,785,785   
 7,772,256   
 1,396,332   
 67,013   
9,235,601 
Guarantees 
 28,330,800    4,195,544   1,180,171   
 33,706,515   
 35,097,006 
 
 2,858,541   
 2,314,700   
40,270,247 
Undrawn credit 
commitments -Irrevocable 
 
 7,832,021   
 
 118,026   
 -  
 
 
 7,950,047  
 
 6,244,126   
 3,556   
 -     
 
6,247,682 
 
 50,120,172    6,081,088   1,241,087   
 57,442,347   
49,113,388 
 
4,258,429 
 
2,381,713 
 
55,753,530 
Loss allowance 
 (62,093) 
 
 (38,680)   (408,594)  
 (509,367)  
 (66,481) 
 
 (50,963)  
 (325,000)  
 (442,443) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-301

--- Page 462 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
120
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued)
Credit risk management (continued) 
Maximum exposure to credit risk – Financial instruments subject to impairment 
(continued) 
The table below shows the maximum exposure to credit risk for financial assets that are not 
subject to impairment. 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Trading assets 
- Debt securities
 1,548,129 
815,671 
- Derivatives
 929,573 
1,406,654 
Hedging derivatives 
 98,613 
105,759 
 2,576,315 
2,328,084 
Risk management in the current economic scenario 
Economic fallout from COVID-19 crisis continues to be significant and rapidly evolving at the 
present time. Regulators and governments across the globe have introduced fiscal and 
economic stimulus measures to mitigate its impact. As at 31 December 2021, the Group has 
not utilized (31 December 2020: AED 753 million) the Zero Coupon Facility (“ZCF”) available 
under CBUAE Targeted Economic Support Scheme (“TESS”) that was launched in April 2020 
as a countermeasure to COVID-19.   
While the Group continues to closely monitor the situation and work closely with clients to 
work through any residual elements of COVID-19 related stresses, it is management’s view 
that economic risks associated with the pandemic are moderating. A majority of the wholesale 
and retail banking customers who had previously availed deferral schemes from the bank have 
now resumed repayment. The proportion of customers utilizing the deferral schemes have 
declined compared to the prior year. The Group also continues to manage  specific credit 
concerns resulting from the crisis, particularly for clients within directly impacted sectors, such 
as aviation, hospitality, contracting, travel & tourism, and retail sectors. Overall, the Group 
continues to apply sound judgment in managing any residual COVID-19 impact on its clients’ 
cash flows and credit worthiness. 
COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL 
The Group has robust governance in place to ensure appropriateness of the IFRS 9 framework 
and resultant Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) estimates at all times. Specifically, all aspects of 
the IFRS 9 framework are overseen by the  ERC and the IFRS 9 Forum (“the forum”). The 
forum is chaired by the Head of Enterprise Risk Management with participation from business, 
Finance, credit & risk management departments. The Group, through the forum, reviews the 
appropriateness of inputs and methodology for ECL on an ongoing basis. 
F-302

--- Page 463 ---
121
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
121
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued)
Credit risk management (continued) 
Risk management in the current economic scenario (continued) 
COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL (continued) 
In recognition of significant economic uncertainty due to the COVID-19 crisis and the 
associated challenge with applying IFRS 9 principles and requirements under these 
circumstances, CBUAE, Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) and the Financial 
Services Regulatory Authority (the “FSRA”) jointly issued a guidance note to Banks and 
Finance companies (“Joint Guidance”) in UAE on 15 April 2020 relating to estimation of IFRS 
9 ECL provisions in context of the COVID-19 crisis. In addition, an addendum to the Joint 
Guidance was issued on 27 October 2020. The Group has taken into consideration provisions 
of the Joint Guidance and the addendum in all areas of the IFRS 9 framework and in estimating 
ECL for the year. 
In addition, the Group continues to review the appropriateness of ECL provisions in light of 
changes in macroeconomic environment, risk profile as well as any actual and expected 
increase in credit risk. 
The outcome of the review is as follows: 
(i)
Classification of clients benefitting from payment deferrals into two groups; (a) Group
1: clients those are temporarily and mildly impacted; and (b) Group 2: clients that are
significantly impacted and could see potential stage migrations:; and
(ii)
Revision to IFRS 9 model inputs pertaining to macroeconomic forecasts.
Grouping of clients have been carried out based on an assessment of Significant Increase in 
Credit Risk (“SICR”) for clients benefiting from payment deferrals. The Group has applied 
knowledge of its clients and judgement in assessing SICR and whether the impact of COVID-
19 is temporary or longer term. Specifically, clients that are expected to face liquidity 
constraints without substantial changes in their creditworthiness have been classified in Group 
1. For these clients, the Group holds the view that, despite being subject to payment deferrals,
there is insufficient deterioration in credit quality to trigger a stage migration. On the other
hand, clients that are expected to face substantial changes in their creditworthiness beyond
liquidity issues have been classified as Group 2. Ultimately grouping of borrowers assists in
determining whether a stage migration is warranted.
F-303

--- Page 464 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
122
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued)
Credit risk management (continued) 
Risk management in the current economic scenario (continued) 
COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL (continued) 
As at 31  December 2021, the proportion of clients benefitting from deferrals along with their 
exposures and ECL is as follows: 
Sector 
Total gross 
carrying 
amount 
Group 1 
Group 2 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
ECL 
AED (in million) 
Manufacturing 
 13,283 
 10 
- 
-  
 -  
Construction 
 8,814 
 302 
 1 
 37 
  - 
Trade 
 15,708 
 1,184 
 28 
 44 
 1 
Transport and 
communication 
 3,358 
 282 
 13 
 -  
-  
Services 
 10,061 
 1,883 
 9 
 52 
 5 
Financial institutions 
 3,631 
 82 
- 
-  
 -  
Personal* 
 12,528 
 1,334 
 36 
 504 
 76 
Residential mortgage* 
 8,022 
 1,296 
 3 
 484 
 6 
Government and related 
enterprises 
14,334 
 96 
- 
-  
 -  
 89,739 
 6,469 
 90 
 1,121 
 88 
*The above category of "Personal" and "Residential Mortgage" mainly comprises of Retail
portfolio of the Bank.
The Bank has deferred payments for customers inline with the economic relief programmes 
announced in the countries, where the Bank operates. Due to the payment deferrals, the 
contractual cashflows from these credit exposures (gross carrying amount of AED 2.9 billion) 
have been modified and in accordance with IFRS 9 requirements the Group has recognized a 
modification loss of AED 43 million, which is included as part of the ECL. 
F-304

--- Page 465 ---
123
123
123
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Risk management in the current economic scenario (continued) 
 
COVID-19 impact on measurement of ECL (continued) 
 
The summary of customers benefiting from deferrals as at 31 December 2021 is as follows: 
 
Stage 
Group 
 
Number of 
clients deferred  
Payment 
deferrals  Exposure  
Impairment 
allowance 
 
 
AED (in million) 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Group 1 
 
19,966  
990  
5,461  
52 
Group 2 
 
3  
66  
66  
- 
 
 
19,969  
1,056  
5,527  
52 
 
 
  
  
  
 
Stage 2 
Group 1   
109  
212  
1,008  
38 
Group 2 
 
6,824  
180  
1,055  
87 
 
 
6,933  
392  
2,063  
125 
 
 
  
  
  
 
Total 
 
26,902  
1,448  
7,590  
177 
 
Reasonableness of ECL estimates under COVID-19 crisis 
 
The Group performs historical analysis to determine key economic variables that impact credit 
risk across different portfolios. Macroeconomic forecasts for these economic variables are used 
to estimate risk parameters (PD and LGD) on a forward-looking basis for all borrowers and 
instruments that are in scope of IFRS 9 ECL framework. 
F-305

--- Page 466 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
124
124
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Credit risk management (continued) 
 
Risk management in the current economic scenario (continued) 
 
Reasonableness of ECL estimates under COVID-19 crisis (continued) 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9 requirements, the Group estimates these risk parameters under 
optimistic, base and pessimistic scenarios with representative weights used to measure ECL. 
In accordance with provisions of the Joint Guidance, the Group updated macroeconomic 
forecasts in 2021 to estimate ECL. At the same time, the Group reintroduced normalized 
scenario probability1 across base, optimistic and pessimistic scenarios. No changes have been 
introduced in  2021 to the scenario weights used in IFRS 9 ECL computations. 
 
From a sensitivity analysis point of view, if the pessimistic scenario was changed by +10% / 
-10%, ECL would reduce by AED 25 million and increase by AED 24 million respectively. 
 
The Group had previously maintained a Credit Judgmental Overlay (“JO”) of AED 175 million 
to reflect potential increase in credit risk emanating from impact of COVID 19 in the credit      
cycle. The Group is of the view that risks associated with the pandemic have now mostly 
crystalized and are reflected in the business performance. Accordingly, the JO has been 
discontinued during the year. Even though the JO has been discontinued, the Group continues 
to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 crisis on credit portfolios and overall levels of 
credit risk. Most corporate borrowers within vulnerable sectors have been internally re-rated 
in 2021 using their most up to date financial position. Accordingly, any deterioration in credit 
quality since the onset of the pandemic is now reflected in the ECL estimation. 
124 
 
 
1 Normalized scenario probability is based on 60% Base, 20% Optimistic and 20% Pessimistic scenario probability. Q2 utilized 80% 
pessimistic and 20% base scenario probability. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
124
F-306

--- Page 467 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
125
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
125
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Credit risk management (continued) 
Collateral and other credit enhancements 
Collateral against loans and advances measured at amortised cost is generally held in the form 
of mortgage interests over property, other registered securities over assets and guarantees. 
Estimates of fair value are based on the value of the collateral assessed at the time of 
borrowing. Collateral generally is not held over amounts due from banks, except when 
securities are held as part of reverse repurchase and securities borrowing activity. The Group 
maintains substantial real estate and cash collateral, which also forms majority of the collateral 
base. The benefit of such collateral gets reflected in ECL through the LGD estimates. 
Allocation of both general and specific collateral is done at a facility level to estimate LGD. 
Financial instruments such as Repo  transactions, embedded leverage note programs, etc. 
receive no ECL allocation on account of them being fully collateralized after application of 
relevant haircuts. 
The Group closely monitors collateral held for financial assets considered to be credit 
impaired, as it becomes more likely that the Group will take possession of the collateral to 
offset potential credit losses. Financial assets that are credit impaired and related collateral 
held in order to offset potential losses are shown below. The table below details the fair value 
of the collateral which is updated regularly:  
 
Loans and advances and 
Islamic financing 
and investment products 
 
 
 
Due from banks 
 
31 December 
2021 
 31 December 
2020 
 31 December 
2021 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
Against individually 
impaired: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Properties 
  784,532  
 1,264,662   
-  
-  
Cash 
  45,332  
 97,259   
-  
-  
Others 
  241,030  
 197,403   
-  
-  
  1,070,894  
 1,559,324   
-  
-  
 
  
  
  
 
Against not impaired: 
  
  
  
 
Properties 
  21,929,281   24,222,693   
-  
 -   
Equities 
  928,144  
 715,766   
-  
 -   
Cash 
  17,068,995   15,490,902   
  1,291,248  
 1,137,424  
Others 
  4,831,537  
 6,475,362   
-  
 -   
 
  44,757,957   46,904,723   
  1,291,248  
 1,137,424  
 
  
  
  
 
Total  
  45,828,851  48,464,047  
  1,291,248  
 1,137,424  
F-307

--- Page 468 ---
126
126126
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance 
 
The following tables explain the changes in the loss allowance for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
Deposits and balances due from 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
69,256 
 
41,409 
 
55,457 
 
166,122 
 
89,419 
 
5,963 
 
13,220 
 
108,602 
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (13,022) 
 
 13,022  
 
 -     
 -     
(41,366)  
41,366 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -     
 (1) 
 
 1  
 
 -     
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 37  
 
 (37) 
 
 -     
 -     
3 
 
(3)  
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 96,237  
 
 -     
 -     
 96,237  
 
108,536 
 
- 
 
- 
 
108,536 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (60,378) 
 
 (39,976) 
 
 5,494  
 
 (94,860) 
 
(87,336)   
(5,917)   
42,237 
 
(51,016)  
Loss allowance as at  
31 December 
 
 92,130  
 
 
 14,417  
 
 
 60,952  
 
 
 167,499  
 
69,256 
 
41,409 
 
55,457 
 
166,122 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
126
F-308

--- Page 469 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
127
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
  
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Loans and advances measured 
at amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 556,764   
 2,274,612  
 
 2,572,250   
 5,403,626   
435,818  
 
1,498,488  
 
1,910,065 
 
3,844,371  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (149,949)  
 149,949   
 -   
 -     
(394,706)   
394,706 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 (15,085)  
 -   
 15,085   
 -     
(30,878)   
- 
 
30,878 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 1,240   
 (1,240) 
 
 -   
 -     
12,720 
 
(12,720)  
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -   
 (747,341) 
 
 747,341   
 -     
- 
 
(96,221)   
96,221 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
-   
-  
 
-   
-     
- 
 
155 
 
(155)  
- 
New financial assets originated 
 297,592   
 -  
 
 -   
 297,592   
592,872 
 
- 
 
- 
 
592,872 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (178,843)  
 (440,741)  
 2,041,979   
 1,422,395   
(59,062)   
490,204  
1,671,469 
 
2,102,611 
Write-offs 
- 
 
- 
 
 (1,029,536) 
 
 (1,029,536)  
- 
 
- 
 
(1,136,228)   
(1,136,228)  
Loss allowance as at 31 
December 
 
 511,719   
  
1,235,239  
 
  
4,347,119   
 
 6,094,077   
 556,764  
 
 2,274,612  
 
 2,572,250   
 5,403,626  
 
 
 
F-309

--- Page 470 ---
128
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
128
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
58,112 
 
12,530 
 
336,688 
 
407,330  
39,795  
 
6,151 
 
82,644  
 
 128,590  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (2,602) 
 
 2,602  
 
 -     
 -   
(11,818)   
11,818 
 
- 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -   
(4,001)   
- 
 
4,001 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 2  
 
 (2) 
 
 -     
 -   
6 
 
(6) 
 
- 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -     
 (419) 
 
 419  
 
 -   
- 
 
(4,179)   
4,179 
 
 -    
New financial assets originated 
 30,371  
 
 -     
 -     
 30,371   
42,916 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 42,916  
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (34,872) 
 
 (2,605) 
 
 226,970  
 
 189,493   
(8,786)   
(1,254)   
307,465 
 
 297,425  
Write-offs 
 -     
 -     
 (231) 
 
 (231)  
- 
 
- 
 
(61,601)   
 (61,601) 
Loss allowance as at 31 
December 
  
51,011  
 
 
 12,106  
 
  
563,846 
 
 
 626,963   
58,112 
 
12,530 
 
336,688 
 
407,330 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
128
F-310

--- Page 471 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
129
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
19,024 
 
- 
 
2,205 
 
21,229 
 
19,047 
 
5,113 
 
2,205 
 
26,365 
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
-  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 12,780  
 
 -     
 -     
 12,780  
 
 12,619 
 
- 
 
- 
 
  12,619 
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (9,501) 
 
 -     
 -     
 (9,501) 
 
 (12,642)  
(5,113)   
- 
 
 (17,755) 
Loss allowance as at 31 December 
 22,303  
 
 -     
 2,205  
 
 24,508  
 
19,024 
 
- 
 
2,205 
 
21,229 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-311

--- Page 472 ---
130
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
130
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Loss allowance (continued) 
2021 
2020 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
12-month
ECL
Lifetime 
ECL 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Total 
12-month
ECL 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Other assets 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
-
17,789
413,188 
430,977 
-
20,769
437,100 
457,869 
Transfers 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
- 
-
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
-
2,212
 21,693 
 23,905 
-
(2,960)
15,839 
12,879 
FX and other movements 
- 
-
 (2,875) 
 (2,875) 
- 
-
- 
-
Write-offs 
-
(258)
 (12,393) 
 (12,651) 
-
(20)
(39,751) 
(39,771) 
Loss allowance as at 31 December 
-
19,743
 419,613 
 439,356 
-
17,789
413,188 
430,977 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
130
F-312

--- Page 473 ---
131
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
131
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Loss allowance (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
12-month 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
Lifetime 
ECL 
 
 
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
LCs, LGs, irrevocable undrawn 
commitments and acceptances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
91,757 
 
51,984 
 
325,000 
 
 468,741   
99,099  
 
59,686  
 
- 
 
 158,785  
Transfers 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (14,239) 
 
 14,239  
 
 -     
 -     
(6,417)   
6,417 
 
- 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
(97,972)   
-  
97,972 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 3,071  
 
 (3,071) 
 
 -     
 -     
1,845 
 
(1,845)   
- 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -     
 (86) 
 
 86  
 
 -     
- 
 
(6,863)  
6,863 
 
 -    
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
607 
 
(607)   
 -    
New financial assets originated 
 69,292  
 
 -     
 -     
 69,292  
 
155,606 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 155,606  
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs 
 (62,170) 
 
 (20,599) 
 
 83,508  
 
 739  
 
(60,404)   
(6,018)   
220,772   
 154,350  
Loss allowance as at 31 December 
 87,711  
 
 42,467  
 
 408,594  
 
 538,772  
 
91,757 
 
51,984 
 
325,000 
 
 468,741  
 
F-313

--- Page 474 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
132
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
132
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 
The following tables further explains the changes in the gross carrying amount for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Cash and balances with central 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as at 1 
January 
17,941,941  
- 
 
- 
 
17,941,941  
20,939,700  
 
- 
 
- 
 
20,939,700  
New financial assets originated 
2,800,000  
- 
 
-  
2,800,000  
9,550,000 
 
- 
 
- 
 
9,550,000 
Repayments and other 
movements 
 
 (3,234,190) 
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -    
 
 
 (3,234,190)  
(12,547,759) 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(12,547,759) 
Gross carrying amount as at 
31 December 
  
17,507,751  
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -  
 
  
17,507,751   
17,941,941 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,941,941 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
132
F-314

--- Page 475 ---
133
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
133
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month  
 
Lifetime  
 
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Deposits and balances due from 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as at 1 
January 
22,795,110 
 
5,525,019 
 
85,023 
 
28,405,152  
25,348,120   
1,288,001 
 
 38,329   
26,674,450  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (2,849,582) 
 
 2,849,582  
 
 -   
 -   
(5,326,464)  
5,326,464 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
1,987  
 
     (1,987) 
 
-   
-   
1,415 
 
(1,415) 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -  
 
 (14) 
 
 14   
 -   
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 25,953,680  
 
 -  
 
-   
25,953,680   
25,956,861 
 
 - 
 
- 
 
25,956,861 
Repayments and other 
movements  
  
(19,917,571) 
 
 
(5,462,576) 
 
  
(6,091) 
 
 (25,386,238)  
(23,184,822)  
(1,088,031)  
46,694 
 
(24,226,159) 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 
December 
 
 25,983,624  
 
 
 2,910,024  
 
  
78,946   
 
 28,972,594   
22,795,110 
 
5,525,019 
 
85,023 
 
28,405,152 
 
F-315

--- Page 476 ---
134
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
134
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month  
 
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Other financial assets 
measured at amortised cost 
and FVTOCI (debt 
securities) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
17,492,244 
 
- 
 
2,205 
 
17,494,449 
 
12,357,332 
 
1,009,106  
 
2,205  
 
13,368,643  
New financial assets 
originated 
  
11,787,603  
 
 
 -    
 
 
 -    
 
  
11,787,603  
 
9,391,139 
 
- 
 
- 
 
9,391,139 
Repayments and other 
movements  
(5,494,047) 
 
 
 -    
 
 
 -     
 
(5,494,047) 
 
(4,256,227)   
(1,009,106)  
- 
 
(5,265,333)  
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December 
  
23,785,800  
 
 
 -    
 
 
 2,205  
 
 
 23,788,005  
 
17,492,244 
 
- 
 
2,205 
 
17,494,449 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
134
F-316

--- Page 477 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
135
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
135
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1  
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances 
measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at  1 January 
53,807,604 
 
5,305,950 
 
3,576,483 
 
62,690,037  
 
  57,261,500 
 
 
  5,141,967  
 
  
3,151,181  
 
  
65,554,648  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (3,655,063) 
 
 3,655,063   
 -   
 -   
(3,922,161)   
3,922,161 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 (222,739) 
 
 -   
 222,739   
 -   
(420,580)   
- 
 
420,580 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -   
 (969,760) 
 
 969,760   
 -   
- 
 
(928,334)  
928,334 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -   
 14   
 (14) 
 
 -   
- 
 
1,249 
 
(1,249)   
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 80,278   
 (80,278) 
 
 -   
 -   
378,362 
 
(378,362)  
 
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 38,703,246   
 -   
 -   
 38,703,246   
34,226,398 
 
- 
 
- 
 
34,226,398 
Repayments and other 
movements  
 (26,291,804) 
 
(2,264,542) 
 
 719,246   
(27,837,100)  
(33,715,915)   
(2,452,731)   
213,865 
 
(35,954,781)  
Write-offs 
-   
-   (1,029,536) 
 
 (1,029,536)  
- 
 
- 
 
(1,136,228)   
(1,136,228)  
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December 
62,421,522 
 
5,646,447 
 
4,458,678 
 
72,526,647 
 
53,807,604 
 
5,305,950 
 
3,576,483 
 
62,690,037 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-317

--- Page 478 ---
136
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
136
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3  
  
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3  
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total  
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Islamic financing and 
other investments 
measured at amortised 
cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at  1 January 
13,301,319  
291,424 
 
1,060,930 
 
14,653,673  
  
13,718,735 
 
  
532,172 
 
 
334,440 
 
  
14,585,347  
Transfers 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (319,103)  
 319,103  
 
 -     
 -   
(211,891)   
211,891 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 -   
 -     
 -     
 -   
(367,862)   
- 
 
367,862 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -   
 (5,396) 
 
 5,396  
 
 -   
- 
 
(65,008)   
65,008 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 1,931   
 (1,931) 
 
 -     
 -   
10,679 
 
(10,679)  
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 7,985,879   
 -     
 -     
 7,985,879   
7,880,139 
 
- 
 
- 
 
7,880,139 
Repayments and other 
movements  
 
 (6,880,061)  
 
 11,832  
 
 
 (90,675) 
 
 
 (6,958,904)  
(7,728,481)   
(376,952)   
355,221 
 
(7,750,212)  
Write-offs 
 -   
 -     
 (231)  
 (231)  
- 
 
- 
 
(61,601)   
(61,601)  
Gross carrying amount as 
at  31 December 
 
 14,089,965   
 
 615,032  
 
 
 975,420  
 
 
 15,680,417   
13,301,319 
 
291,424 
 
1,060,930 
 
14,653,673 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
136
F-318

--- Page 479 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
137
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Other assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
- 
 
585,565 
 
428,432 
 
1,013,997  
 
 -     
 
 597,644  
 
  
459,230  
 
  
1,056,874  
Repayments and other 
movements  
 
 -     
 
 (18,671) 
 
  
19,146   
  
                  475   
- 
 
(12,059)  
8,953 
 
(3,106) 
Write-offs 
 -     
 (258) 
 
 (12,393) 
 
 (12,651)  
- 
 
(20)  
(39,751)  
(39,771) 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December 
 
 -     
 
 566,636   
 
 435,185   
 
 1,001,821   
- 
 
585,565 
 
428,432 
 
1,013,997 
 
Acceptances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 1 January 
12,680,894 
 
86,567 
 
- 
 
12,767,461  
 
 12,749,871   
 
 153,212  
 
 
 -   
  
12,903,083  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (182,817) 
 
 182,817   
 -   
 -   
(91,840)  
91,840 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
-  
394 
 
(394) 
 
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 16,073,629   
 -   
 -   
 16,073,629   
13,132,880 
 
- 
 
- 
 
13,132,880 
Repayments and other 
movements  
 
 (14,434,666) 
 
  
(65,753) 
 
 
 -   
 
 (14,500,419)  
(13,110,411)   
(158,091) 
 
- 
 
(13,268,502) 
Gross carrying amount as 
at 31 December 
  
14,137,040   
 
 203,631   
 
 -   
 
 14,340,671   
12,680,894 
 
86,567 
 
- 
 
12,767,461 
F-319

--- Page 480 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
138
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
138
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Gross carrying amount (continued) 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3  
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
12-month   
Lifetime   
Lifetime   
Total 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
49,113,388 
 
4,258,429 
 
2,381,713 
 
55,753,530 
 
55,481,252  
 
3,250,260  
 
 -     
58,731,512  
Transfers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (3,809,733) 
 
 3,809,733  
 
 -     
 -     
(2,124,307)   
2,124,307 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
(2,334,330)  
 
- 
 
2,334,330 
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
 -     
 (16,140)  
 16,140  
 
 -     
- 
 
(235,353)   
235,353  
 
- 
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -     
 -     
 -   
 -     
- 
 
1,127 
 
(1,127)  
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
 182,400  
 
 (182,400)  
 -     
 -     
179,362 
 
(179,362)   
- 
 
- 
New financial assets originated 
 20,878,779  
 
 -     
 -     
 20,878,779  
 
17,717,819 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,717,819 
Repayment and other movements 
(16,244,662) 
 
 (1,788,534)  
 (1,156,766)  
 (19,189,962)  
(19,806,408) 
 
(702,550)  
(186,843) 
 
 (20,695,801) 
At 31 December 
 50,120,172  
 
 6,081,088  
 
 1,241,087  
 
 57,442,347   
49,113,388 
 
4,258,429  
2,381,713  
55,753,530 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
138
F-320

--- Page 481 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
139
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2020
139
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Write-off policy 
 
The Group writes off financial assets, in whole or in part, when it has exhausted all practical 
recovery efforts and has concluded there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that 
there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include (i) ceasing enforcement activity and (ii) 
where the Group’s recovery method is foreclosing on collateral and the value of the collateral is 
such that there is no reasonable expectation of recovering in full. The Group may write-off 
financial assets but they are still subject to enforcement activity. The Group still seeks to recover 
amounts it is legally owned in full, but which have been partially or fully written off due to no 
reasonable expectation of recovery. 
 
Modification of financial assets 
 
The Group modifies terms of loans provided to customers from time-to-time primarily due to 
ongoing client needs, commercial renegotiations or for managing distressed loans. The Bank 
has also modified terms for customers in line with COVID-19 economic relief programmes 
announced in countries where the Bank operates. Refer COVID-19 impact on measurement 
of ECL section for details on loans modified during the year. 
 
The risk of default of such assets after modification is assessed at the reporting date and 
compared with the risk under the original terms at initial recognition, when the modification 
is not substantial, it does not result in derecognition of the original asset. The Group may 
determine that credit risk has significantly improved after restructuring, and such assets are 
moved from Stage 3 to Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL) to Stage 1 (12 month ECL). This is only done 
when modified assets have performed in accordance with the new terms for twelve 
consecutive months or more.  
 
Operational risk management 
 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events, and includes legal risk.  Operational risk excludes 
strategic and reputational risk.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-321

--- Page 482 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
140
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
 
Operational Risk Governance 
 
Whilst the Group cannot eliminate all operational risks, it has developed a comprehensive 
framework of identifying, assessing, controlling, mitigating, monitoring and reporting 
Operational risk and consists of the following: 
 
 
Ownership of the risk & controls by businesses and functional units; 
 
Monitoring and validation by business; 
 
Oversight by Operational risk management team; and 
 
Independent review by Internal Audit 
 
Operational risk management follows three lines of defence model;  
 
The first line of defence is the Business Line Management. The operational risk governance will 
recognize that Business Units (BUs) are the owners of risk and hence responsible for identifying 
and managing the risks, inherent in the products, services and activities, within their BUs.  
 
The second line of defence is the Operational Risk Management function, the Chief Risk Officer, 
the Operational Risk Committee (ORC) and the Enterprise Risk Committee. They are collectively 
responsible for designing, implementing, coordinating, reporting and facilitating effective 
Operational Risk Management on Group-wide basis.  
 
The third line of defence is the Internal Audit who are responsible to independently assess the 
effectiveness and efficiency of the internal control, and for independently validate and provide an 
independent assurance to the Board Audit Committee (BAC) on the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Operational Risk Management Framework. 
 
The Board, through the Board Risk Committee, has the overall responsibility for managing 
operational risk at the Bank and ensure that the three line of defence approach is implemented 
and operated in an appropriate and acceptable manner. 
 
The Group has adopted The Standardized Approach (TSA) to determine its operational risk 
capital requirements.  
 
Operational Risk Appetite 
 
The Group’s operational risk appetite articulates the boundaries for quantitative and qualitative 
operational risks that the Bank is willing to take (or not take), with respect to pursuit of its 
strategic objectives. It helps in setting the risk culture across the Bank and facilitates an effective 
implementation of the Bank’s Operational Risk Management Framework.  The operational risk 
appetite is applied for decision-making and comprehending operational risk exposures across the 
Bank through implementation of policies, controls and operational risk tolerances. 
F-322

--- Page 483 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
141
141
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
 
Operational Risk Management Framework 
 
The Group’s Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”) is a set of interrelated tools 
and processes that are used to identify, assess, measure, monitor and remediate operational risks.  
Its components have been designed to operate together to provide a comprehensive approach to 
managing the Group’s most material operational risks.   ORMF components include the setup of 
the three lines of defence as well as roles and responsibilities for the Operational Risk 
management process and appropriate independent challenge, the Group’s approach to setting 
Operational Risk appetite and adhering to it, the Operational Risk type and control taxonomies, 
the minimum standards for Operational Risk management processes including tools, independent 
governance, and the Bank’s Operational Risk capital model.  Tools implemented for the 
identification and assessment of Operational risk include and is not limited to: 
 
a) Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
b) Operational Risk Event Management 
c) Key Risk Indicator Management 
d) New Business Systems & Process Approval (NPPA); and 
e) Issues and Action Management 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-323

--- Page 484 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
142
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
142
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Incident management 
 
The reporting of Operational risk incidents is a critical component of the Group’s Operational 
risk management framework. This ensures greater risk transparency across the organisation and 
helps to identify gaps and facilitate timely remedial action for potential risk exposures. 
 
The Central Bank of U.A.E. published final guidelines on operational risk management in 
October 2018. These guidelines lay out detailed supervisory expectations relating to operational 
risk governance, identification and assessment, systems and reporting. 
 
The Group is in the process of assessing the Group’s operational risk management framework in 
light of publication of operational risk management regulation by the Central Bank of U.A.E. 
 
Market Risk Management 
 
Market risk is the risk that fair value or cash flows of financial instruments held by the Group or 
its income may be adversely affected by movement in market factors, such as interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices.  
 
Market risk at the Group is governed by a comprehensive control framework as defined by the 
approved Market Risk Framework. This function is independent of any risk taking businesses. 
The Market Risk function folds under Risk Management Group and reports to the Chief Risk 
Officer of the Group.  
 
Market risk arises from the Group’s trading and non-trading activities. The Market Risk 
Management function primarily manages risks arising from its proprietary trading activities. Risk 
exposure arising from non-trading activities is managed by the Assets & Liabilities Committee 
(ALCO). Trading risks are primarily concentrated in Treasury and Capital Markets (TCM) and 
are managed by a robust framework of market risk limits that reflect the Group’s market risk 
appetite. Appropriate limits are placed on position sizes, stop loss levels, as well as on market 
factor sensitivities depending on the size and complexity of trading strategies involved. A 
comprehensive risk reporting framework is in place whereby, positions are monitored daily 
against the established limits and monitoring reports are circulated to the Market Risk 
Management and the respective Business Heads. In case of a limit exception, corrective action is 
taken in line with the Market Risk Framework or the concerned trading desk’s limits mandate. 
 
Each trading desk has a ‘permitted product list’ comprising of products and structures which have 
been determined to be appropriate for the TCM desk to trade. Any addition to this list is made 
after approval from Head of TCM, Head of Market Risk and Chief Risk Officer who assess the 
risks associated with the product and verify that they can be controlled effectively prior to 
approving the product. 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
142
F-324

--- Page 485 ---
143
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
143
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Market risk management (continued) 
 
The bank uses Value at Risk (VaR) methodology as its core analytical tool to assess risks across 
proprietary trading desks. VaR is an estimate of the potential losses arising in a portfolio over a 
specified time horizon due to adverse changes in underlying market factors. The Bank calculates 
its one-day VaR at a 99% confidence interval mainly using Monte Carlo Simulations approach 
across its trading portfolio and open FX position. VaR results are highly dependent on 
assumptions around input variables used in the model and also VaR does not provide the ‘worst 
case’ possible loss. 
 
Being a statistical technique, VaR is known to have limitations and therefore its interpretation 
needs to be further supplemented by other limits, sensitivity triggers or stress tests. Stress testing 
is conducted by generating extreme, but plausible scenarios, such as significant movements in 
interest rates, credit spreads, etc. and analysing their effect on the Group’s trading positions. 
 
Stress testing is conducted by generating extreme, but plausible scenarios, such as significant 
movements in interest rates, credit spreads, etc. and analysing their effect on the Group’s trading 
positions.  
 
As of 31 December 2021 the 99% 1-day VaR was estimated at USD 1.62 million (31 
December 2020: USD 1.76 million) for the bank wide market risk positions (stemming mainly 
from proprietary trading in interest rates products, equities and FX net open position). The 
bank’s VaR model considers FX risk in all currencies, including GCC pegged currencies 
except USD and AED. 
 
There has been no significant change to the Group’s exposure to market risks or the way these 
risks are managed and measured. 
 
a. 
Counterparty Credit Risk  
 
Counterparty Credit Risk is one of the most significant risks in OTC derivatives trading and 
securities financing transaction (SFTs) related activities. These risks are further sub categorized 
into two forms: 
 
Pre-Settlement Risk 
 
Counterparty credit risk is defined as the risk attributable to the downgrading and/or insolvency 
of a counterparty on its obligations prior to the final settlement of the transaction’s cash flow. 
Internally the Group manages and monitors the exposure to this risk by defining controls and 
limits around a ‘peak future exposure’ (PFE) measure and in many cases by collateralizing 
facilities under Credit Support Annex (CSA). PFE is an estimate of the amount, at a 95 % 
confidence level, a counterparty may owe over the life of a derivative transaction (or portfolio 
of transactions).  
 
F-325

--- Page 486 ---
144
144144
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43     Risk management (continued) 
Market risk management (continued) 
The Group further measures a net Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) on all outstanding OTC 
derivative contracts to account for market value of ‘credit risk’ due to any failure to perform 
on contractual agreements by a counterparty. CVA is a function of our expected exposure to 
counterparts, probability of default and recovery rates. CVA ensure derivatives transactions are 
priced or/and adequate reserves are built to account for expected credit losses. 
Settlement Risk 
Settlement Risk arises when a bank, exchanges securities or cash payments to a counterparty 
on a value date and is unable to verify that payment or securities have been received in 
exchange until after it has paid or delivered its side of the transaction. The bank manages this 
exposure by dealing preferentially on a DvP/PvP basis or by defining control mechanism 
around settlement limits at a counterparty level. 
Libor transition 
The Group is actively preparing for the transition to Alternative Reference Rates (ARR) under 
the supervision of a cross-functional working committee, which includes representatives from 
Risk, Finance, Technology, Legal, Marketing and relevant business units. The transition of 
LIBOR increases the execution and operational risk of the Group and the plan implemented by 
the Group for the transition reflects the risks associated. An external consultancy has been 
onboarded and the best recommended practices from ARR Working Groups in USA and UK are 
being implemented, as relevant to the Group. 
The Group has conducted an impact assessment across operational, financial, and legal 
dimensions. The transition mechanism for all LIBOR-linked assets and liabilities has been 
established and necessary changes are being implemented: systems and processes have been 
updated, appropriate fallback provisions has been incorporated in LIBOR-linked contracts and 
internal and external LIBOR transition awareness programs have been introduced. The process 
of negotiation of revised impacted contracts with clients is underway.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
144
F-326

--- Page 487 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
145
145
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Libor transition (continued) 
The Group intends to use the following ARR for its floating rate assets and liabilities: 
LIBOR 
Tenor 
Alternative 
Reference Rate 
Effective date 
Existing contracts New contracts 
USD LIBOR ON, 1M, 3M, 6M, 12M 
SOFR 
1 July 2023 
1 January 2022 
USD LIBOR 
1W, 2M 
SOFR 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
EUR LIBOR 
All 
ESTR 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
GBP LIBOR 
All 
SONIA 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
CHF LIBOR 
All 
SARON 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
JPY LIBOR 
All 
TONA 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
Necessary systems and process changes have been implemented to facilitate the use of 
Alternative Reference Rates in client offerings, including the use of simple rate, compounded 
rate with various options of payment notice conventions (lookback, lockout and payment delay) 
and credit adjustment spread. 
External communication program is in place and impacted clients/counterparties are being 
contacted for negotiation of the changes to existing contracts as these become due. The external 
communication program has commenced and will be running until the final publication date of 
LIBOR on 30 June 2023. 
Financial instruments impacted by IBOR reform 
The financial crisis of 2008-2009, followed by the reduced activity in LIBOR, indicated that the 
future of LIBOR was no longer sustainable. In March 2021, the cessation of most LIBOR tenors 
was confirmed by the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority).  
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-327

--- Page 488 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
146
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
146
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Libor transition (continued) 
 
A significant majority of exposures impacted by the LIBOR Transition reference USD LIBOR. 
These are summarized in the table below. None of these instruments had been transitioned to an 
Alternative Reference Rate (SOFR) as at 31 December 2021. 
 
 
31 December 
2021 
AED'000 
 
 
Non-derivative financial assets 
  30,914,338  
Deposits and balances due from banks 
    4,911,550  
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
        277,224  
Other financial assets measured at amortized cost 
                   -    
Loans and advances measured at amortized cost 
  25,535,862  
Other assets 
        189,702  
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
    2,076,861  
Medium term loans 
    2,076,861  
Derivatives2 
  30,695,829  
Cross currency swap 
    1,239,919  
Equity swap 
        278,683  
Interest rate swap 
  29,039,475  
Margin 
        128,555  
Total return swap 
            9,197  
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group did not hold any off-balance sheet commitments and 
financial guarantees linked to LIBOR. In addition, as at 31 December 2021 the Group did not 
have significant exposure to non-USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments. All such 
exposures will either be transitioned to ARR or will be closed by 1 January 2022. 
Hedge accounting  
As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group did not hold any LIBOR-linked hedging 
instruments. 
2 Represents ‘Notional’ value of derivative contracts 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
146
F-328

--- Page 489 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
147
147
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
 
43     Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management 
 
Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect the value of 
financial assets and liabilities to different extents.  The Group is exposed to interest rate risk as a 
result of mismatches or gaps in the amounts of assets and liabilities repricing at different times. 
 
The Group uses simulation-modelling tools to measure and monitor interest rate sensitivity.  The 
results are analysed and monitored by the Assets and Liabilities Committee (“ALCO”).  Since 
majority of the Group’s assets are floating rate, deposits and loans generally are repriced within 
a short period of each other providing a natural hedge, which reduces interest rate risk exposure.  
Moreover, the majority of the Group’s assets and liabilities reprice within one year, thereby 
further limiting interest rate risk. The Group also has a significant current and savings account 
balances in deposits which are largely interest free. 
 
The impact of 50 basis points sudden movement in benchmark interest rate on net interest income 
over a 12 months period as at 31 December 2021 would be a decrease in net interest income by  
-3.5% (in case of decrease of interest rates) and would have been an increase in net interest income 
by 6.6% (in case of increase of interest rates) [31 December 2020: -4.0% and +3.5%] respectively. 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the effective interest rate on due from banks and 
certificates of deposits with central banks was 1.2% (31 December 2020: 1.4%), on loans and 
advances measured at amortised cost 3.6% (31 December 2020: 3.9%), on customers’ deposits 
1.0% (31 December 2020: 1.6%) and on due to banks (including repurchase agreements) 0.6% 
(31 December 2020: 1.1%). 
 
The following table depicts the interest rate sensitivity position and interest rate gap position 
based on contractual repricing arrangement: 
F-329

--- Page 490 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
148
148
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis: 
 
Within 3 
months 
Over 3 to 
6 months 
Over 6 to 
12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
5 years 
Over 5 
years 
 
Non-interest 
bearing 
items 
Total 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
Assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 7,831,318   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 9,676,433   
 17,507,751  
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 15,576,629 
 
 6,116,818   
 3,778,812   
 621,417   
-    
 
2,711,419 
 
 28,805,095  
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
 
 3,636,168   
 
 1,327,272   
 
 4,578,534   
 
 653,687   
 
 4,722,342   
 
 1,523,120   
 
 16,441,123  
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
 
 1,820,947   
 
 538,198   
 
 1,114,614   
 
 3,409,710   
 
 3,394,355   
 
 -   
 
 10,277,824  
Loans and advances measured at 
amortised cost 
  
51,737,556   
  
4,031,722   
  
1,732,799   
 
 2,684,262   
 
 5,135,684   
 
 1,110,547   
 
 66,432,570  
Islamic financing and investment 
products measured  at amortised cost 
 
 9,716,335   
 
 697,368   
 
 217,238   
 
 681,314   
 
 2,173,775   
 
 1,567,424   
 
 15,053,454  
Acceptances 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 14,340,671   
 14,340,671  
Other assets 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 3,290,085   
 3,290,085  
Reinsurance contract assets 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 2,699,966   
 2,699,966  
Investment in associate 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 34,809   
 34,809  
Investment properties 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 462,829   
 462,829  
Property and equipment 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 1,426,096   
 1,426,096  
Intangible assets 
 -   
 -    
 
 -   
 -   
 -    
 
 281,336   
 281,336  
Total assets  
 90,318,953 
 
 12,711,378   
 11,421,997   
 8,050,390   
 15,426,156   
 39,124,735 
 
 177,053,609  
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
148
F-330

--- Page 491 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
149
149
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
  
 
Within 3 
months  
Over 3 to 6 
months  
Over 6 to 12 
months 
 
Over 1 to 5 
years  
Over 5 
years   
Non- 
interest 
bearing 
items 
 
Total  
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
31 December 2021 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 6,488,833  
 1,502,705   
 2,143,798   
 3,000   
 -   
9,428,150 
 
 19,566,486  
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 1,418,214   
 26,510   
 782,459   
 501,964   
 -   
 -  
 
 2,729,147  
Customers’ deposits 
 23,646,224   
 7,181,847   
 8,953,601   
 2,109,895   
 278,037   
 44,981,298  
 
 87,150,902  
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 2,328,279   
 4,474,283   
 4,264,002   
 27,402   
 -   
 3,238,121  
 
 14,332,087  
Acceptances 
  
  
  
  
  
 14,340,671  
 
 14,340,671  
Other liabilities 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 6,028,308  
 
 6,028,308  
Medium-term loans 
 472,660   
 80,806   
 1,054,812   
 5,140,175   
 40,906   
 525,760  
 
 7,315,119  
Insurance contract liabilities 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 4,566,602  
 
 4,566,602  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent 
 
 -   
 
 -   
 
 -   
 
 -   
 
 -   
 
 20,228,225  
 
  
20,228,225  
Non-controlling interest 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 796,062  
 
 796,062  
Total liabilities and equity 
 34,354,210  
 13,266,151   
 17,198,672   
 7,782,436   
 318,943   
104,133,197 
 
 177,053,609  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
On balance sheet gap 
 54,089,042   
 (554,773)  
 (5,776,675)  
 267,954   
 15,107,282   
 (63,132,830) 
 
 -  
Off balance sheet gap 
 (26,180)  
 -   
 26,180   
 -   
 -   
 -  
 
 -  
Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap   54,062,862   
 53,508,090   
 47,757,594   
 48,025,548   
 63,132,830   
 -  
 
 -  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-331

--- Page 492 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
150
150
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
Within 3 
months 
Over 3 to 
6 months 
Over 6 to 
12 months 
Over 1 to 
5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Non- 
interest 
bearing items 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
31 December 2020 
Assets  
Cash and balances with central banks 
 8,392,028 
 2,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 -  
-
 5,549,913 
 17,941,941 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 16,228,495 
 4,158,303 
 3,804,056 
 389,681 
 138,967 
3,519,528 
 28,239,030 
Other financial assets measured at fair value 
 581,385 
 37,170 
 2,547,845 
 937,238 
 3,190,815 
 1,144,650 
 8,439,103 
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
 411,012 
 1,218,138 
 2,397,772 
 3,627,965 
 3,345,767 
-
11,000,654
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost 
 44,590,992 
 2,244,840 
 1,873,136 
 3,433,364 
 3,919,763 
 1,224,316 
57,286,411
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured  at amortised cost 
 11,757,598 
 233,106 
 169,835 
 438,141 
 1,091,407 
 556,256 
14,246,343
Acceptances 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
12,767,461
12,767,461
Other assets 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
3,478,455
3,478,455
Reinsurance contract assets  
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
2,891,920
2,891,920
Investment in associate 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
20,996
 20,996 
Investment properties 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
449,715
 449,715 
Property and equipment 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
1,466,769
 1,466,769 
Intangible assets 
 -  
-
 -  
-
-
294,442
294,442 
Total assets  
81,961,510 
 9,891,557 
 12,792,644 
 8,826,389 
 11,686,719 
33,364,421 
 158,523,240 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
150
F-332

--- Page 493 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
151
151
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate risk management (continued) 
 
Interest rate repricing analysis (continued) 
 
Within 3 
months  
Over 3 to 6 
months  
Over 6 to 12 
months 
 
Over 1 to 5 
years  
Over 5 
years   
Non- 
interest 
bearing 
items 
 
Total  
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
31 December 2020 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 4,963,548   
 1,994,543   
 1,782,565  
 
 -    
 -    
 6,103,724  
 
 14,844,380  
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 56,819   
 25,950   
 80,273  
 
 1,373,681   
 -    
 753,000  
 
 2,289,723  
Customers’ deposits 
 22,251,958   
 6,771,925   
 8,094,963  
 
 1,911,872   
 337,025   
 37,008,230  
 
 76,375,973  
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 4,307,813   
 1,800,117   
 1,344,326  
 
 2,090,995   
 -    
 2,341,315  
 
 11,884,566  
Acceptances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,767,461  
 
 12,767,461  
Other liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5,808,908  
 
 5,808,908  
Medium-term loans 
 378,750   
 1,274,114   
 603,865  
 
 6,799,541   
 40,088   
 519,684  
 
 9,616,042  
Insurance contract liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,747,779  
 
 4,747,779  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
19,430,728    
19,430,728  
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 757,680    
 757,680  
Total liabilities and equity 
 31,958,888   
 11,866,649   
 11,905,992  
 
 12,176,089   
 377,113   
90,238,509 
 
158,523,240 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
On balance sheet gap 
 47,654,324   
 (1,975,092)  
 886,653  
 
 (3,349,700)  
 11,309,607   
 (54,525,792)  
 -   
Off balance sheet gap 
 (24,013)  
 24,013   
 -    
 -    
 -     
 -    
 -   
Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap  
 47,630,311   
 45,679,232   
 46,565,885  
 
 43,216,185   
 54,525,792   
 -   
 -    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-333

--- Page 494 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
152
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
152
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Currency risk management 
Currency risk represents the risk of change in the value of financial instruments due to changes 
in foreign exchange rates. Limits on positions by currencies are monitored on a regular basis. The 
Group’s exposures on 31 December are as follows: 
        31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Net spot 
position 
Net 
Forward 
position 
Net 
Position 
Net spot 
position 
 Net  Forward 
position 
Net Position 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
U.S. Dollars 
8,387,427 (11,162,514) (2,775,087)
5,006,141 
(4,498,538) 
507,603 
Qatari Riyals 
50,218 
(210,715) 
(160,497)
(162,513) 
(12,400) 
(174,913) 
Pound Sterling 
(782,678) 
 793,643 
 10,965 
1,310,671 
(1,328,842) 
(18,171) 
Euro 
(1,393,027) 
 1,418,931 
 25,904 
324,346 
(302,379) 
21,967 
Bahrain Dinar 
507,291 
(630,199) 
(122,908)
159,738 
(133,993) 
25,745 
Saudi Riyal 
(6,342,158)
 6,293,524 
(48,634)
(5,621,881) 
5,632,255 
10,374 
Japanese Yen 
(1,081,437)
 1,090,335 
 8,898 
(1,259,975) 
1,268,436 
8,461 
Swiss Francs 
 533
 2 
 535 
3,550 
(884)
2,666
Kuwaiti Dinar 
(2,533)
(180,679) 
(183,212)
(142,092) 
(38,596) 
(180,688) 
Chinese Yuan 
(1,363,960)
 1,427,630 
 63,670 
(1,348,336) 
1,351,924 
3,588 
Other 
319,272 
 118,028 
 437,300 
(173,397) 
(62,326) 
(235,723) 
Total 
(1,701,052) 
(1,042,014) (2,743,066)
(1,903,748) 
1,874,657 
(29,091) 
The exchange rate of AED against US Dollar is pegged and the Group’s exposure to currency 
risk is limited to that extent. 
Most of the major positions are in currencies that are pegged to the U.S. Dollar; therefore, any 
change in their exchange rates will have insignificant sensitivity on the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss or consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
Liquidity risk management 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group’s entities, in various locations and in various currencies, 
will be unable to meet a financial commitment to a customer, creditor, or investor when due.   
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
152
F-334

--- Page 495 ---
153
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
153
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
The Group’s senior management’s focus on liquidity management is to: 

better understand the various sources of liquidity risk, particularly under stressed conditions;

ensure the Group’s short term and long term resilience, as measured by the Basel III
guidelines, is sufficiently robust to meet realistic adverse scenarios;

develop effective contingency funding plans to deal with liquidity crises;

develop liquidity risk tolerance levels within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
Process (ICAAP) framework; and

demonstrate that the bank can survive the closure of one or more funding markets by ensuring
that funding can be readily raised from a variety of sources.
In compliance with Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) document titled 
“Principles for Sound Liquidity Management” and CBUAE “Regulations re Liquidity at 
Banks” (Circular Number 33/2015) and accompanying Guidance Manual, the Group has 
established a robust liquidity management framework that is well integrated into the bank-
wide risk management process. A primary objective of the liquidity management framework 
is to ensure with a high degree of confidence that the Bank is in a position to both address its 
daily liquidity obligations and withstand a period of liquidity stress. In addition to maintaining 
sound liquidity governance and management practices, the Bank also holds an adequate 
liquidity cushion comprised of High Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) to be in a position to 
survive such periods of liquidity stress. The Bank’s Liquidity Management Framework has 
two tiers: 
1. Board of Directors oversight through review and approval of Liquidity Management
Policy and definition of Liquidity Risk Tolerance Limits
2. Strategies, policies and practices developed by the ALCO to manage liquidity risk
in accordance with the Board of directors approved risk tolerance and ensure that the
bank maintains sufficient liquidity.
The Group’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) bears the ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk 
management within the Bank. The Board members hence are familiar with liquidity risk and how 
it is managed as well as have a thorough understanding of how other risks including credit, 
market, operational and reputation risks affect the bank’s overall liquidity risk strategy.  
Mashreqbank’s Head Office (“HO”) and International Banking Group (“IBG”) Asset and 
Liability Committees (“ALCO”) are responsible for formulating policies for implementing the 
Board approved liquidity risk appetite. In this regard, the following policies, procedures and 
systems have been implemented: 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-335

--- Page 496 ---
154
154154
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
a) Robust ALCO oversight through timely, pertinent information and analysis 
 
ALCOs have a broad range of authority delegated by the Board of Directors to manage the 
Group’s asset and liability structure and funding strategy.  ALCOs meet on a regular basis to 
review liquidity ratios, asset and liability structure, interest rate and foreign exchange 
exposures, internal and statutory ratio compliance, funding and repricing gaps and general 
domestic and international economic and financial market conditions. ALCOs determine the 
structure, responsibilities and controls for managing liquidity risk and for overseeing the 
liquidity position at all locations. The Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) function in the 
Group is then responsible for implementing the ALCO policies.  
 
The Head Office ALCO comprises of the Chief Executive Officer, the Head of Corporate Affairs, 
Chief Risk Officer, Chief Credit Officer, Head of Retail Banking Group, Head of Corporate 
Banking Group, Head of International Banking Group and the Head of Treasury & Capital 
Markets. 
 
The IBG ALCO comprises of Head of International Banking, Head of Retail Banking, Chief 
Risk Officer, Head of Treasury & Capital Markets, Funding Centre, Finance and 
representatives from respective international locations. 
 
b) Maintenance of Adequate HQLA (“High Quality Liquid Assets”) cushion 
The Bank holds a portfolio of HQLA aligned with the established liquidity risk tolerance of 
the bank, which means at a minimum it is sufficient to meet all regulatory and internal ratios 
under normal operating conditions, and enough to meet the liquidity needs under stressed 
conditions as estimated by Stress tests. 
c) Gap limits  
The minimum size of net placements in highly liquid money market instruments and HQLA 
bond portfolio is based on stress testing exercise, which takes into account the stability of 
deposits from different sources as well as contingent funding requirements of overseas 
branches. The Money Book and HQLA deployments are also required to adhere to gap limits, 
to ensure that the bank is in a position to meet short term and intraday liquidity needs. 
 
d) Liquidity risk management over different time horizons and currencies  
The time horizons and activities over which the Bank manages liquidity risk range from 
intraday basis, day-to-day cashflow movements, fund raising capacity over short and medium-
term (up to one year) as well as vulnerabilities to events, activities and strategies beyond one 
year that can put a significant strain on the Bank’s cash generation capability. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
154
F-336

--- Page 497 ---
155
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
155
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
e) Forward looking Funding Plan ensuring effective diversification in the sources and
tenor of funding
Mashreqbank develops its funding plan as part of its annual planning exercise. The plan places 
significant emphasis on diversifying the funding sources and maintaining market access to 
different sources of funding.  
The Group has historically relied on customer deposits for its funding needs.  Over the years, the 
Group has successfully introduced various cash management products and retail savings’ 
schemes which have enabled it to mobilise low cost, broad based deposits.  In order to diversify 
the funding sources, a Euro Medium Term Notes program was launched in 2004 and, as of 31 
December 2021 has an outstanding balance of AED 7.32 billion (31 December 2020: AED 9.62 
billion) [Note 19] in medium-term loans. The Bank also established Certificate of Deposit (CD) 
programmes through its London branch in 2014 and its Hong Kong Branch in 2018.  
f)
Stress Testing for a variety of short-term and protracted institution-specific and
market-wide stress scenarios
Stress tests enable the Bank to analyze the impact of stress scenarios on its consolidated group 
wise liquidity position as well as on the liquidity position of individual entities. The stress 
scenarios have been designed to  incorporate the major funding and market liquidity risks to 
which the Bank is  exposed. ALCO and the Board reviews the bank’s choice of scenarios and 
related assumptions as well as the results of the stress tests. 
g) Contingency Funding Plan outlining the Bank’s step by step response to Liquidity
contingency situations of different magnitudes
Mashreqbank has a formal contingency funding plan (“CFP”), which is updated, reviewed and 
approved by the HO ALCO and the Board on an annual basis. The CFP provides a list of 
liquidity generation tools which would be used to counter liquidity stress at different stages of 
the contingency. 
h) FTP Framework for allocating liquidity costs, benefits and risks to all business
activities
Mashreqbank has a well-developed FTP policy and system that aims to create transparency in 
profitability and insulate Business Units from interest rate risk. 
F-337

--- Page 498 ---
156
156156
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
i)
Regular Internal as well as CBUAE audits focused on HQLA cushion and Liquidity
management policies and procedures
Mashreqbank’s liquidity policies, procedures and systems are subject to end to end review by 
internal audit as well as by the CBUAE. 
COVID-19 impact 
The effects of the COVID-19 crisis on the economy continue to be felt by the UAE banks. 
The gradual recovery in the oil prices along with renewed access to the international capital 
markets by GCC sovereigns and financial institutions however, have eased the concerns 
regarding GCC Governments’ finances and banking sector’s liquidity. In this environment, 
Mashreqbank has taken measures to manage its liquidity carefully. The Bank’s ALCO meets 
regularly with primary focus on monitoring cash flows and forecasts across all jurisdictions 
in which the Bank operates. The Bank has strengthened its liquidity buffer significantly 
through raising deposits. 
The CBUAE has adopted a proactive approach in order to ensure flow of credit to the 
economy, especially to sectors severely impacted by the COVID-19 crisis. The CBUAE 
announced a comprehensive Targeted Economic Support Scheme (“TESS”) effective from 15 
March 2020, allowing UAE Banks to access zero cost funding and pass on the benefit to their 
clients through Principal and Interest deferrals. CBUAE also reduced Reserve Requirement 
against CASA balances, providing an immediate boost to UAE Banks’ liquidity. Given the 
increase in economic activity and stability of the financial system, CBUAE is starting a 
gradual and well calibrated withdrawal of some of the TESS facilities, which is scheduled to 
be concluded by mid of 2022. 
The combination of above measures by the CBUAE along with prudent liquidity management 
by the Bank, has helped to ensure that the Bank is able to meet its clients’ banking services 
requirements effectively and without disruption. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
156
F-338

--- Page 499 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
157
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
The contractual maturities of assets and liabilities have been determined on the basis of the remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual 
maturity date.  
 
Maturity profile: 
 
The maturity profile of assets, liabilities and equity as at 31 December 2021 were as follows: 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
 
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over  
5 years  
 
 
Total  
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 17,507,751   
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 17,507,751  
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 15,439,040   
 5,434,342   
 5,104,844   
 2,826,869   
 -     
 28,805,095  
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
  
4,240,414  
 
  
1,367,214  
 
  
4,607,737  
 
 
 653,687  
 
 
 5,572,071  
 
  
16,441,123  
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
  
1,839,475  
 
 
 538,146  
 
  
1,114,300  
 
  
3,408,507  
 
 
 3,377,396  
 
  
10,277,824  
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost 
  
19,994,724  
 
  
5,047,357  
 
  
3,746,344  
 
  
18,142,111  
 
  
19,502,034  
 
  
66,432,570  
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost 
 
 7,086,840  
 
 
 663,087  
 
 
 463,508  
 
 
 2,025,467  
 
 
 4,814,552  
 
  
15,053,454  
Acceptances 
 3,847,093   
 4,528,949   
 5,831,140   
 133,489   
 -     
 14,340,671  
Other assets 
 2,525,122   
 194,799   
 359,255   
 78,028   
 132,881   
 3,290,085  
Reinsurance contract assets 
 781,827   
 517,302   
 595,935   
 784,907   
 19,995   
 2,699,966  
Investment in associate 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 34,809   
 34,809  
Investment properties 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 462,829   
 462,829  
Property and equipment 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 1,426,096   
 1,426,096  
Intangible assets 
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 281,336   
 281,336  
Total assets  
 73,262,286   
 18,291,196   
 21,823,063    28,053,065   
 35,623,999   
 177,053,609  
F-339

--- Page 500 ---
158
158158
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
Within 
3 months 
Over 3 to 6 
months 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 15,978,784 
 1,440,904 
 2,143,798 
 3,000 
-
19,566,486
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 1,418,213 
 26,510 
 782,459 
 501,965 
-
2,729,147
Customers’ deposits 
 69,069,399 
 6,962,385 
 8,839,799 
 2,003,605 
 275,714 
87,150,902
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 5,566,381 
 4,474,303 
 4,264,002 
 27,401 
-
14,332,087
Acceptances 
 3,847,093 
 4,528,949 
 5,831,140 
 133,489 
-
14,340,671
Other liabilities 
 4,831,789 
 236,957 
 576,549 
 268,974 
 114,039 
6,028,308
Medium-term loans 
 457,792 
 80,806 
 1,542,065 
 5,193,550 
 40,906 
7,315,119
Insurance contract liabilities 
 1,405,261 
 804,938 
 870,607 
 1,081,089 
 404,707 
 4,566,602 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent  
 -   
-
 -   
-
20,228,225 
20,228,225 
Non-controlling interest 
 -   
-
 -   
-
 796,062 
 796,062 
Total liabilities and equity 
 102,574,712 
 18,555,752 
 24,850,419 
 9,213,073 
 21,859,653 
 177,053,609 
Guarantees 
  9,102,914 
  2,854,797 
  4,966,230 
  6,368,103 
  10,414,471 
  33,706,515 
Letters of credit 
  10,322,318 
  1,196,716 
  3,659,300 
  607,451 
-
15,785,785
Total 
  19,425,232 
  4,051,513 
  8,625,530 
  6,975,554 
  10,414,471 
  49,492,300 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
158
F-340

--- Page 501 ---
159
159
159
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
The maturity profile of assets, liabilities and equity as at 31 December 2020 were as follows: 
Within 
3 months 
Over 3 to 6 
months 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 13,941,941 
 2,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 -   
-
 17,941,941 
Deposits and balances due from banks 
 18,949,322 
 3,467,761 
 4,951,682 
 870,265 
-
28,239,030
Other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
 1,153,708 
 37,170 
 2,547,845 
 937,238 
 3,763,142 
8,439,103
Other financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
 411,012 
 1,233,765 
 2,396,924 
 3,626,681 
 3,332,272 
11,000,654
Loans and advances measured at amortised 
cost 
 18,822,621 
 4,143,633 
 4,078,018 
 15,692,258 
 14,549,881 
57,286,411
Islamic financing and investment products 
measured at amortised cost 
 5,932,170 
 1,314,330 
 400,708 
 2,588,022 
 4,011,113 
14,246,343
Acceptances 
 2,816,593 
 3,876,726 
 5,768,024 
 306,118 
-
12,767,461
Other assets 
 2,039,170 
 250,057 
 864,649 
 137,428 
 187,151 
3,478,455
Reinsurance contract assets 
 795,598 
 502,291 
 583,966 
 965,161 
 44,904 
 2,891,920 
Investment in associate 
 -   
-
 -   
-
 20,996 
 20,996 
Investment properties 
 -   
-
 -   
-
 449,715 
 449,715 
Property and equipment 
 -   
-
 -   
-
 1,466,769 
 1,466,769 
Intangible assets 
 -   
-
 -   
-
294,442 
294,442 
Total assets  
 64,862,135 
 16,825,733 
 23,591,816 
 25,123,171 
 28,120,385 
 158,523,240 
F-341

--- Page 502 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
160
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
160
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
Over  
5 years  
 
 
Total  
 
AED’000 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
AED’000  
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 11,067,272  
 1,994,544   
 1,782,564   
 -   
 -    
 14,844,380  
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 809,819  
 25,950   
 80,273   
 1,373,681  
 -    
 2,289,723  
Customers’ deposits 
 59,164,753  
 6,895,909   
 8,028,747   
 1,930,771  
 355,793   
 76,375,973  
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 6,609,923  
 1,800,117   
 1,383,530   
 2,090,996  
 -    
 11,884,566  
Acceptances 
 2,816,593  
 3,876,726   
 5,768,024   
 306,118  
 -    
 12,767,461  
Other liabilities 
 
 4,273,745  
 350,012   
 696,971   
 357,251  
 130,929   
 5,808,908  
Medium-term loans 
 347,374  
 1,274,114   
 603,865   
 7,350,602  
 40,087   
 9,616,042  
Insurance contract liabilities 
 1,424,304  
 787,458   
 826,343   
 1,270,167  
 439,507   
 4,747,779  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent  
 -   
 -    
 -    
 -   
 19,430,728   
 19,430,728  
Non-controlling interest 
 -   
 -    
 -    
 -   
 757,680   
 757,680  
Total liabilities and equity 
 86,513,783  
 17,004,830   
 19,170,317   
 14,679,586  
 21,154,724   
 158,523,240  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Guarantees 
 7,379,488  
 2,384,489   
 7,274,352   
 10,154,237  
 13,077,681   
40,270,247 
Letters of credit  
 5,395,946  
 1,835,813   
 1,452,649   
 551,193  
 -    
 9,235,601  
Total 
12,775,434  
 4,220,302   
 8,727,001   
 10,705,430  
 13,077,681   
 49,505,848  
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
160
F-342

--- Page 503 ---
161
161
161
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
 
The following table summarises the maturity profile based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations as at 31 December 2021. 
 
 
Within  
3 months  
Over 3 to 6 
months  
 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
 
Over  
5 years  
 
 
Total  
 
AED’000 
AED’000 
 
AED’000  
AED’000  
AED’000 
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 15,978,784   
 1,440,904   
 2,143,798   
 3,000   
 -    
 19,566,486  
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 1,418,213   
 26,510   
 782,459   
 501,965   
 -    
 2,729,147  
Customers’ deposits 
 69,087,463   
 7,001,277   
 8,942,058   
 2,416,153   
 290,812   
 87,737,763  
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 5,573,160   
 4,532,835   
 4,490,105   
 28,042   
 -    
 14,624,142  
Acceptances 
 3,847,093   
 4,528,949   
 5,831,140   
 133,489   
 -    
 14,340,671  
Other liabilities 
 4,831,789   
 236,957   
 576,549   
 268,975   
 114,038   
 6,028,308  
Medium-term loans 
 459,999   
 80,838   
 1,550,939   
 5,262,919   
 41,606   
 7,396,301  
Insurance contract liabilities 
 1,405,261   
 804,938   
 870,607   
 1,081,089   
 404,707   
 4,566,602  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the 
Parent  
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
 
 -   
 
  
20,228,225  
 
  
20,228,225  
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 796,062   
 796,062  
Total liabilities and equity 
 102,601,762   
 18,653,208   
 25,187,655   
 9,695,632   
 21,875,450   
 178,013,707  
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-343

--- Page 504 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
162
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
162
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Liquidity risk management (continued) 
Maturity profile: (continued) 
The following table summarises the maturity profile based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations as at 31 December 2020. 
Within 
3 months 
Over 3 to 6 
months 
Over 6 to 
 12 months 
Over 1 to 
 5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Liabilities and equity 
Deposits and balances due to banks 
 11,067,272 
 1,994,544 
 1,782,564 
 -   
-
 14,844,380 
Repurchase agreements with banks 
 809,819 
 25,950 
 80,273 
 1,373,681 
-
2,289,723
Customers’ deposits 
 59,267,776 
 6,953,113 
 8,092,559 
 2,478,748 
 369,086 
 77,161,282 
Islamic customers’ deposits 
 6,704,920 
 1,921,464 
 1,508,680 
 2,094,491 
-
12,229,555
Acceptances 
 2,816,593 
 3,876,726 
 5,768,024 
 306,118 
-
12,767,461
Other liabilities 
 3,636,540 
 350,012 
 696,971 
 357,251 
 130,929 
5,171,703
Medium-term loans 
 348,671 
 1,280,771 
 681,984 
 7,355,207 
 40,088 
9,706,721
Insurance contract liabilities 
 1,424,304 
 787,458 
 826,343 
 1,270,167 
 439,507 
 4,747,779 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent 
 - 
-
 - 
-
 19,430,728 
 19,430,728 
Non-controlling interest 
 - 
-
 - 
-
 757,680 
 757,680 
Total liabilities and equity 
 86,075,895 
 17,190,038 
 19,437,398 
 15,235,663 
 21,168,018 
 159,107,012 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
162
F-344

--- Page 505 ---
163
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
163
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk 
 
The Group has a robust process for managing risks in accordance with the groupwide risk 
appetite. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) department supervises the Executive Risk 
Committee and the Risk Management Framework. The Executive Risk Committee is 
deliberately designed to be a second line of defense body but composed of members who are 
also in a position to take immediate executive actions to address risk issues. The Executive 
Risk Committee convenes at least on a quarterly basis. The Group has an ongoing commitment 
to maintain an effective risk culture, as it is critical to the Group’s success in maintaining and 
developing an effective risk management system. Accountabilities for the implementation and 
oversight of particular risk are aligned with individual executives. The risk owners are 
responsible for ensuring that the proper level of review and confirmation of the risk and 
control ratings/evaluations have been undertaken. The Group assess the exposure to climate 
changes risk by implementing scenario analysis and stress testing based on outcome of the 
modeling of natural catastrophic events exposure and by reviewing an impact on group’s 
profitability and solvency. The scenarios analysis covers different lines of businesses, 
countries, perils and return data. Overall, the outcome shows that the Group is well capitalized 
to reasonably absorb most of the shocks from the various scenarios included into the stress 
test. 
 
The Executive Committee oversees the management of insurance risks through its Risk 
Committee, Reinsurance Committee, Reserve Committee, Large and strategic accounts 
Forum and Audit Committee. Each of these committees has a distinct role to play within the 
risk governance framework.   
  
Insurance risk is the risk arising from the uncertainty around the actual experience and/or 
policyholder behavior being materially different than expected at the inception of an insurance 
contract. These uncertainties include the amount and timing of cash flows from premiums, 
commissions, expenses, claims and claim settlement expenses paid or received under a 
contract. 
 
For a portfolio of insurance contracts where the theory of probability is applied to pricing and 
provisioning, the principal risk that the Group faces under its insurance contracts is that the 
actual claims and benefit payments exceed the estimated amount of the insurance liabilities. 
This could occur because the frequency or severity of claims and benefits are greater than 
estimated. Insurance events are random and the actual number and amount of claims and 
benefits will vary from year to year from the estimate established using statistical techniques. 
 
The risk under any one insurance contract is the possibility that the insured event occurs and 
the uncertainty of the amount of the resulting claim. By the nature of an insurance contract, 
this risk is random and therefore unpredictable. Factors that aggravate insurance risk include 
lack of risk diversification in terms of type and amount of risk, geographical location and type 
of industry covered. 
F-345

--- Page 506 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
164
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
164
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
Experience shows that the larger the portfolio of similar insurance contracts, the smaller the 
relative variability about the expected outcome will be. In addition, a more diversified 
portfolio is less likely to be affected across the board by a change in any subset of the portfolio. 
The Group has developed its insurance underwriting strategy to diversify the type of insurance 
risks accepted and within each of these categories to achieve a sufficiently large population of 
risks to reduce the variability of the expected outcome.  
The Group manages risks through its underwriting strategy, adequate reinsurance 
arrangements and proactive claims handling. The underwriting strategy attempts to ensure that 
the underwritten risks are well diversified in terms of type and amount of risk, industry and 
geography. Underwriting limits are in place to enforce appropriate risk selection criteria. 
The distribution of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is as follows: 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Insurance contract liabilities 
UAE 
4,210,037 
4,382,374 
Other GCC and Middle East countries 
356,565 
365,405 
4,566,602 
4,747,779 
Reinsurance contract assets 
UAE 
2,438,103 
2,623,959 
Other GCC and Middle East countries 
261,863 
267,961 
2,699,966 
2,891,920 
Frequency and Severity of Claims 
The Group has the right not to renew individual policies, to re-price the risk, to impose 
deductibles and to reject the payment of a fraudulent claim. Insurance contracts also entitle 
the Group to pursue third parties for payment of some or all costs (for example, subrogation). 
Furthermore, the Group’s strategy limits the total exposure to any one territory and the 
exposure to any one industry. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
164
F-346

--- Page 507 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
165
165
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
Sources of Uncertainty in the Estimation of Future Claim Payments 
 
The estimated cost of claims includes direct expenses to be incurred in settling claims, net of 
the expected subrogation value and other recoveries. The Group takes all reasonable steps to 
ensure that it has appropriate information regarding its claims’ exposures. However, given the 
uncertainty in establishing claims provisions, it is possible that the final outcome will prove 
to be different from the original liability established. The amount of insurance claims is in 
certain cases sensitive to the level of court awards and to the development of legal precedent 
on matters of contract and tort.  
Where possible, the Group adopts multiple techniques to estimate the required level of 
provisions. This provides a greater understanding of the trends inherent in the experience 
being projected. The projections given by the various methodologies also assist in estimating 
the range of possible outcomes. The most appropriate estimation technique is selected taking 
into account the characteristics of the business class and the extent of the development of each 
accident year. 
 
Assuming all the other factors remained constant; an impact of an increase / decrease of 1% 
in claims will result in corresponding increase/ decrease in net claims incurred by AED 15.5 
million (2020: AED 16 million). 
 
COVID-19 impact on insurance subsidiary of the Group 
 
The Bank’s insurance subsidiary ("subsidiary") assessed the impact of Covid-19 on business 
continuity, claims and reserving, control environment, credit risk, fair value of investment 
properties (refer to Note 11), impairment of financial investments measured at amortised cost, 
liquidity and solvency as explained below. 
 
The subsidiary has enabled remote connectivity for 95% of its employees as part of its business 
continuity management initiative to ensure that there is no interruption to client servicing and 
operations. This has resulted in the subsidiary delivering service level commitments to its 
customers across multiple lines of business. 
 
The subsidiary mainly noticed an increase in Health Care claims and Business Interruption 
claims due to COVID-19. The subsidiary is monitoring the loss experience and has 
appropriately enhanced its technical reserves as at 31 December 2021. The impact on life 
insurance was minimal as of the year end. 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
F-347

--- Page 508 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
166
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Insurance Risk (continued) 
 
COVID-19 impact on insurance subsidiary of the Group 
 
Since 2019, the subsidiary has developed a robust risk appetite framework and capital 
thresholds based on the pandemic risk and other risks stress scenarios. The Group updated the 
stress scenarios for the year ended 31 December 2021. Having considered the impact of 
COVID-19, the subsidiary conducts more regular reviews on its reinsurers in relation to the 
counterparty credit ratings, financial metrics, credit outlook and changes to their structures, if 
any. Also, the subsidiary has updated its reinsurer security list in order to address the impact of 
COVID-19. The current security list has more than 90% of “A” rated reinsurance securities. 
 
In parallel, the subsidiary continues to have a robust collection and credit control process. 
Further the subsidiary’s continuous adoption of automation led enhancements and 
developments to strengthen the processes and credit controls have resulted in an efficient 
receivable management. Hence, despite the uncertain economic conditions, the subsidiary 
continued to have robust collections during the year ended 31 December 2021. The measures 
taken have contributed to controlled and healthy receivable book during the year ended 31 
December 2021.      
 
Similarly, the subsidiary’s investment portfolio measured at amortised cost has been assessed 
using a robust ECL model with updated inputs as of the reporting date and based on the results, 
the Group had taken adequate provisions for impairment losses. 
 
The subsidiary assessed the unquoted equity investments portfolio against the latest available 
inputs. Accordingly, the subsidiary believes that the fair values reported for unquoted equity 
investments reflect the current market conditions as of 31 December 2021. 
 
The liquidity position of the subsidiary remains strong. Furthermore, the subsidiary has carried 
out stress testing to assess the resilience of its solvency compliance, which also remains strong 
after considering the impact of the shocks. As the situation continues to develop, the subsidiary 
will continue to monitor the situation closely and take the necessary actions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
166
F-348

--- Page 509 ---
167
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
167
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Compliance Risk 
Compliance risk is the risk of an activity not being conducted in line with the applicable laws 
and regulations leading to reputational and/or financial losses. The Group manages 
compliance risk through a compliance function which is responsible for monitoring 
compliance of laws and regulations across the various jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates. 
In 2015, the Bank became aware that certain historical US dollar payment processing activities 
involving Sudan may have potentially breached US sanction laws in effect at the time. The 
Bank proactively cooperated with the UAE and the US regulators and appointed external legal 
advisors to assist in the review of these transactions, which occurred prior to March 2009, 
including compliance with US sanction laws as well as its own compliance processes. In 2018, 
the Bank formally submitted the findings of the review to the regulators in both the UAE and 
the US. 
Certain US agencies and regulators concluded their reviews without levying any penalties. 
During the year ended 31 December 2021 the Bank reached a settlement with the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) 
and the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (FRB). As part of the settlement the Bank agreed 
to pay $100 million to the DFS which is fully provided for in these consolidated financial 
statements.  
Dialogue with a US agency on the same matter is ongoing and, based on legal advice, it is 
premature at this stage to determine if the Bank is likely to be subject to any further penalty 
or the quantum of the penalty. The Group, on a continuous basis, identifies and assesses such 
risks and recognizes provisions, in consultation with its legal counsel, in accordance with the 
accounting policy for provisions as disclosed in note 3. 
F-349

--- Page 510 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
168
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
168
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements 
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of 
whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In 
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the 
characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics 
into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 
In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into 
Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are 
observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, 
which are described as follows: 
 
 
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date; 
 
 
Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are 
observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and  
 
 
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
Valuation techniques and assumptions applied for the purposes of measuring fair value 
 
The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined using similar 
valuation techniques and assumptions as used for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
 
Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on recurring basis 
 
Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting 
period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial 
assets are determined: 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
168
F-350

--- Page 511 ---
169
169
169
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
Other financial assets 
Fair value as at 
Fair value 
hierarchy Valuation techniques and key inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
input 
Relationship of 
unobservable inputs to fair 
value 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Other financial assets measured at 
FVTPL 
Quoted debt investments 
257,064 
19,431 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Quoted equity investments 
37,668 
6,719 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted debt investments 
1,291,065 
796,240 
Level 2 
Based on the recent similar transaction 
in market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Mutual and other funds 
686,534 
629,865 
Level 2 
Quoted prices in secondary market. 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted equity investments  
1,113 
1,112 
Level 3 
Net assets valuation method due to the 
unavailability 
of 
market 
and 
comparable financial information. Net 
assets values were determined based on 
the latest available audited/ historical 
financial information. 
Net assets value 
Higher the net assets value of 
the investees, higher the fair 
value. 
2,273,444 
1,453,367 
F-351

--- Page 512 ---
170
170
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
Other financial assets 
Fair value as at 
Fair value 
hierarchy 
Valuation techniques 
and key inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
input 
Relationship of 
unobservable inputs to 
fair value 
2021 
2020 
AED’000 
AED’000 
Other financial assets measured at FVTOCI 
Quoted equity investments 
577,857 
459,821 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an 
active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted debt investments 
559,930 
560,592 
Level 3 
Based on the recent similar 
transaction in market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Quoted debt investments 
12,920,789 
5,910,374 
Level 1 
Quoted bid prices in an 
active market 
None 
Not Applicable 
Unquoted equity investments 
53,589 
54,949 
Level 3 
Comparable sales 
transactions with appropriate 
haircut, Discounted cash 
flows (DCF) and for very 
insignificant assets, net 
assets as per financial 
statements. 
1. Hair cut for
comparable
transactions.
2. Interest rate
1. Changes in hair cut for
comparable sales
transactions will directly
impact fair value.
2. Interest rate changes
in DCF will directly
impact the fair valuation
calculation.
Mutual and other funds 
55,514 
- 
Level 2 
Quoted prices in secondary 
market. 
None 
Not Applicable 
14,167,679 
6,985,736 
16,441,123 
8,439,103 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
170
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
170
F-352

--- Page 513 ---
171
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
171
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
 
There were no transfers between each of level during the year. There are no financial liabilities 
which should be categorised under any of the level in table above.  
 
The movement in the level 3 financial assets were due to exchange differences and changes 
in fair value.  
 
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial assets measured at FVTPL 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
  
 
At 1 January 
1,112  
245 
Purchases 
-  
2,505 
Disposals 
-  
(1,646) 
Change in fair value  
1  
8 
At 31 December  
1,113  
1,112 
 
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial assets measured at FVTOCI 
 
2021  
2020 
AED’000  
AED’000 
 
 
At 1 January  
615,541 
 
625,286 
Purchases 
 7,933  
 
- 
Disposals/matured 
 (1,118) 
 
(10,215) 
Change in fair value  
(8,837) 
 
470 
At 31 December  
613,519 
 
615,541 
 
All gain and losses included in consolidated statement of comprehensive income relate to 
unquoted investments in equity instruments held at the end of the reporting period and are 
reported as changes of ‘investments revaluation reserve’. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-353

--- Page 514 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
172
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
172
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
Fair value of financial instruments measured at amortised cost 
Except as detailed in the following table, the management considers that the carrying amounts of 
financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the consolidated financial 
statements approximate their fair values as these are substantially short term in nature and carry 
market rates of interest. 
Carrying 
Fair value 
amount 
Level 1  
Level 2  
Level 3 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000  AED’000  AED’000 
AED’000 
31 December 2021 
Financial assets: 
Other financial assets 
measured at 
amortised cost 
10,302,332 
7,142,239 
1,944,036 
1,385,285 
10,471,560 
31 December 2020 
Financial assets: 
Other financial assets 
measured at 
amortised cost 
11,000,654 
7,600,395 
1,556,552 
2,169,181 
11,326,128 
Carrying 
Fair value 
Amount 
Level 1 
Level 2  
Level 3 
Total 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
   AED’000 
31 December 2021 
Financial liabilities 
Medium-term notes 
7,315,119 
   5,259,890 
-
2,070,100
7,329,990 
31 December 2020 
Financial liabilities 
Medium-term notes 
9,616,042 
5,558,668 
-
4,133,034
9,691,702 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
172
F-354

--- Page 515 ---
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
173
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2021
173
Mashreqbank PSC Group 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (continued) 
43 
Risk management (continued) 
Fair value measurements (continued) 
Fair value sensitivity analysis  
The following table shows the sensitivity of fair values to 1% increase or decrease as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
Reflected in 
consolidated 
statement of profit or 
loss 
Reflected in 
consolidated statement 
of comprehensive 
income 
Favourable 
change 
Unfavourable 
change 
Favourable 
change 
Unfavourable 
change 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
AED’000 
31 December 2021 
Other financial assets  
measured at fair value 
  22,734 
  (22,734) 
141,677 
 (141,677) 
Derivatives 
  6 
(6)
585
  (585) 
31 December 2020 
Other financial assets 
measured at fair value 
14,534 
(14,534) 
69,857 
(69,857) 
Derivatives 
1,560 
(1,560) 
636 
(636) 
Majority of the derivative financial instruments are back-to-back; therefore, any change to the 
fair value of the derivatives resulting from price input changes will have insignificant impact on 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss or consolidated statement of comprehensive income.  
44 
Foreign restricted assets 
Net assets equivalent to AED 218 million as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: AED 
213 million) maintained by certain branches of the Bank, operating outside the UAE, are subject 
to exchange control regulations of the countries in which these branches operate. 
45 
Subsequent events 
There have been no events subsequent to the statement of financial position date that would 
significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. 
46 
Approval of consolidated financial statements 
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 were approved by 
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 31 January 2022. 
F-355

--- Page 516 ---
www.mashreqbank.com
F-356

--- Page 517 ---
- 153 -
 
ISSUER 
Mashreqbank psc 
Mashreqbank Global Headquarters
Al Umniyati Street
Burj Khalifa Community 
P.O. Box 1250
Dubai
United Arab Emirates 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
London Branch 
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453
L-2453
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Bank as to English and Dubai law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Simmons & Simmons Middle East LLP 
Level 32 
ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Level 17 
ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Dubai 
United Ara Emirates 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Dubai Branch) 
Building 5, Emaar Square 
Downtown Dubai 
P.O. Box 11987 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
ARRANGER 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 518 ---
- 154 -
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
16, boulevard des Italiens
Citigroup Centre
75009 Paris
Canada Square
France 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB
 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
Winchester House
60311 Frankfurt am Main
1 Great Winchester Street
Federal Republic of Germany
London EC2N 2DB
 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mashreqbank psc 
25 Bank Street
Mashreqbank Global Headquarters
Canary Wharf
Al Umniyati Stree
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Burj Khalifa Community 
P.O. Box 1250 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Merrill Lynch International 
Mizuho International plc 
2 King Edward Street
30 Old Bailey
London EC1A 1HQ
London EC4M 7AU
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
Société Générale 
1 Angel Lane
29, boulevard Haussmann
London EC4R 3AB
75009 Paris
United Kingdom 
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom