--- Page 1 ---
10229025726-v20 
 
70-41032542 
 
 
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
(incorporated in Lithuania as a private company with limited liability under registration number 301066547) 
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Maxima Grupė, UAB (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term 
Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MIFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under 
the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin 
(the "Official List") and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market (the "Market").  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a "Prospectus" for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been 
admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The relevant Final Terms (as 
defined herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). The Issuer may make an application, after the Notes are issued, for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the official debt list of Nasdaq Vilnius Stock Exchange (the "Nasdaq"). However, there can be 
no assurance that such application will be made or that such admission will take place. 
The long-term senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer have been rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P 
is established in the European Union ("EU") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation"). Tranches 
of Notes (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue") to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 28 June 2022. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
ARRANGERS  
CITIGROUP 
J.P. MORGAN 
LUMINOR 
MUFG 
DEALERS 
CITIGROUP 
J.P. MORGAN 
LUMINOR 
MUFG 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 June 2022

--- Page 2 ---
10229025726-v20 
- ii - 
70-41032542 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arrangers, the Dealers, or the Trustee accept any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be 
made by the Arrangers, a Dealer or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer on the issue 
and offering of the Notes. The Arrangers, each Dealer and the Trustee accordingly disclaim all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arrangers, the  Dealers, or the Trustee 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of  the Arrangers,  the Dealers, or the Trustee. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).  All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context 
requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Unauthorised Information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and any information or representation 
not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Trustee or any of the 
Dealers or the Arrangers (as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
Minimum Denominations 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") or a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Subject thereto, Notes will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.

--- Page 3 ---
10229025726-v20 
- iii - 
70-41032542 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States (the "U.S.") and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S")).  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. 
The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. 
For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 4 ---
10229025726-v20 
- iv - 
70-41032542 
 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA").  
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator.)". 
Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating agency may change its 
rating methodology in respect of a particular class of instruments, making it more difficult to maintain a 
certain credit rating. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any such revision, suspension or

--- Page 5 ---
10229025726-v20 
- v - 
70-41032542 
 
withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer 
does not commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld nor that any credit rating 
agency rating the Notes will remain the same.  
In general, European Union regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European Union and/or UK regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European Union and/or UK regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the Final Terms and may not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. 
Stabilisation  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of 
Issue"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
Certain Definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to a 
"member state" are references to a member state of the EEA, references to "EUR", "€" and "euro" are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
10229025726-v20 
- vi - 
70-41032542 
 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such 
third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not total exactly. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based 
on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore investors should not place undue reliance on them. 
The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", 
"will", "would", "may", "could", "should", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify 
forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it expects to 
operate in the future. Important factors that could cause its actual results, performance or achievements to 
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors described in 
this Base Prospectus:  
• 
its ability to integrate any future expansion of its business; 
• 
its ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments in their existing 
operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
• 
its ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or 
proposed development projects; 
• 
its ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and future 
operations; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which it and its 
customers operate; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which it and its customers operate; 
• 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to its business; or 
• 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which it operates. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Investments in Notes  
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should:

--- Page 7 ---
10229025726-v20 
- vii - 
70-41032542 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The consolidated financial information of the Group set forth herein has, unless otherwise indicated, been 
derived from the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020 (the "2021 Audited Financial Statements") and from the Group’s audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Financial 
Statements"), which and are included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (together, the "Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements"). 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
The Group presents its financial statements in EUR, which is the functional and presentation currency of 
the Group. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB ("PwC") has audited the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and 
issued an unmodified audit opinion dated 4 April 2022.

--- Page 8 ---
10229025726-v20 
- viii - 
70-41032542 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. ii 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 20 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 21 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 26 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 99 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 104 
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER ................................................................................................................... 105 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 134 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 138 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 141 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 151 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER............................................................... 154

--- Page 9 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 1 - 
70-41032542 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of 
the Notes could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its investment. The 
Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and 
the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties of which the Issuer is not aware or that the Issuer currently believes are 
immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. If any of the events described in the risk factors below occur, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. This Base 
Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Issuer's 
actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of 
various factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
It cannot be excluded that over time the list of the risks specified below will no longer be complete or 
comprehensive. Consequently, these risks cannot be considered as the only risks to which the Issuer is 
exposed as at the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer may be exposed to additional risks and adverse 
factors of which the Issuer is unaware or which are believed to be immaterial as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
Risks Related to the Group 
Risk relating to the macro-economic environment 
Macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect the 
Group's financial performance 
The Group’s business environment can be adversely impacted by macroeconomic conditions in individual 
and global markets. In recent years, there has been uncertainty and volatility with regard to macroeconomic 
factors, including across Europe and the Baltic States, in areas such as monetary policy, regulatory change, 
public capital investments and consumer confidence and spending.   
These have resulted in higher interest rates, fluctuations in the price of petroleum products and raw materials 
(including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel), higher costs for electricity and other energy, 
inflation and increased costs of living and essential services. Combined with the coronavirus pandemic 
("Covid-19"), this has led to fluctuating levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, 
unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and 
shopping patterns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, the imposition of new taxes 
and measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade. In addition, the 
Baltic States have generally recorded declining population sizes over the last five years; if such declines 
continue, the size of the retail market in the Baltic States could be adversely impacted.  Overall economic 
slowdown and these other socio-economic factors in the markets in which the Group operates could 
adversely affect consumer demand, change the mix of products sold by the Group to one with a lower 
average gross margin and cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, therefore adversely 
affecting the Group's sales. This could also lead to a slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of 
inventory which, when taken together, could materially adversely affect the Group's operations and

--- Page 10 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 2 - 
70-41032542 
 
operating results.  These economic factors that affect the Group's operations may also adversely affect the 
operations of its suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost of the goods sold to customers or, in 
more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available for sale. 
The factors described above, individually, together or combined with any other economic factors or 
circumstances resulting in higher transportation, labour, insurance or commodity prices, could increase the 
Group's cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses and therefore materially 
adversely affect the Group's operations and operating results. 
Geo-political factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect the Group's 
financial performance 
Geopolitical tensions and protectionism have intensified generally in recent years, and in particular 
following military invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation in February 2022. Although difficult to 
predict, these tensions, and any potential further escalation of the conflict, may increasingly affect policies 
on trade, production, duties and taxation globally. This in turn may disrupt the Group’s supply chain, and 
may also directly impact the Group's businesses should countries where the Group operates become 
involved. 
Any political developments in the European Union ("EU"), including any future integration or withdrawal 
of European countries, or changes in the economic policy, executive authority or composition of the EU 
and its institutions, may have an adverse effect on the overall economic and political stability of the EU 
and the European countries in which the Group's assets and operations are located. Any changes in the 
political or economic stability of any of the countries in which the Group operates, as well as any political, 
economic, regulatory or administrative developments in these countries, over which the Group has no 
control, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  Any political or other developments affecting the integration, integrity or stability of the EU, 
developments in the regulation of food and other consumer products and the performance of financial 
markets in the EU and elsewhere could have a material adverse effect on the economies where the Group 
operates and on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Covid-19 and other pandemics could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations and employees. 
The outbreak of Covid-19 together with measures aimed at mitigating the further spread of Covid-19, such 
as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of stores and workplaces, social 
distancing measures and other restrictions has had a significant adverse effect on the global economy and 
international financial markets.  Covid-19 continued to affect the Group’s operations and results in 2021 
and there is still a degree of related uncertainty and volatility across Europe and the Baltic States. This is 
driven by, among other things, the effectiveness of vaccination programmes, mutations and variants of 
Covid-19, and potentially new viruses which may cause new pandemics.  
As a retailer of food and essential provisions, as well as an operator of an online retail business, there is a 
degree of resilience in the Group's business and operations.  Nonetheless, Covid-19 may continue to impact 
the Group, particularly the health and safety of its employees, the footfall of consumers in the Group's stores 
and the Group's business continuity, for example, its functional operations, supply chain, and commercial 
processes. In addition, responses to the risks of Covid-19 require effort and expense, both in terms of 
implementing measures to keep employees and customers safe and reacting to any further restrictions 
imposed by local authorities or governments. Such events may negatively affect the Group’s business, 
financial conditions and results of operations and revenue and cash flow generation. 
The Group depends on economic, demographic and market developments in the Baltic States, in 
particular Lithuania 
The Group's revenue is particularly sensitive to the performance of the economies in the Baltic States, in 
particular the Lithuanian economy; 39.2 per cent. of the Group's revenue (excluding VAT) for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 was derived from Lithuania. Changes in economic, regulatory, administrative or 
other policies of the Lithuanian government, as well as political or economic developments the jurisdictions 
in which the Group operates (including potential changes in sovereign credit ratings) over which the Group 
has no control, could have a significant effect on the Lithuanian economy, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 11 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 3 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Baltic States are subject to greater risks than western European markets, including legal, economic and 
political risks. In addition, adverse political or economic developments in neighbouring countries could 
have a significant negative impact on, among other things, individual countries’ gross domestic product 
("GDP"), foreign trade or the economy in general. The Group's performance could be significantly affected 
by events beyond its control, such as a general downturn in the economy of the region, changes in regulatory 
requirements and applicable laws (including in relation to taxation and planning), the condition of financial 
markets in the Baltic States, and interest, inflation and exchange rate fluctuations, all of which could reduce 
the Group's income. 
Risks relating to the operations of the Group 
The Group may not be able to implement its business strategy effectively 
There is a risk that the Group may be unable to execute its strategy, or that such plans do not deliver the 
expected benefits or prove to be ineffective.  There are a number of factors which could impede the delivery 
of the Group's key strategic priorities set out in "Description of the Group – Strategy", including but not 
limited to, a prolonged and unexpected decline in macroeconomic conditions, a failure to grow online sales 
through its Barbora platform, operational challenges relating to the expansion of its store network (see – 
"There are Risks Associated with the Management and Development of the Group's Property Portfolio"), 
the capacity to execute its strategic agenda ahead of competitors, the amplification of reputational damage 
as a result of social media activism and unanticipated changes in regulatory conditions. 
If the Group's board of directors adopts the wrong business strategy or does not communicate or implement 
its strategies effectively, the business may be negatively impacted, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations and financial results. 
The Group may not successfully manage the risks associated with expanding its international operations 
and integrating newly acquired subsidiaries and it may face significant risks and liabilities or rating 
downgrades as a result of such acquisitions 
Since the Issuer was established, it has expanded its operations through mergers and acquisitions. For 
example, the Group acquired Emperia Holding S.A. ("Emperia") in April 2018 in order to increase its 
exposure to the Polish retail market as part of its strategic plan and has continued to make targeted 
acquisitions, such as the recent acquisition of a portfolio of eight stores in Poland. The Group continues to 
evaluate investment opportunities in the future and it may expand its operations in other countries or in new 
markets (see "Description of the Issuer—Strategy"). The Group faces many risks inherent in expanding its 
operations, such as unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; default by the Group's partners; tariffs, 
customs and duties; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; increased competition in 
foreign markets; existing incumbents; lack of brand recognition; longer payment cycles and problems in 
collecting accounts receivable; and potentially adverse tax consequences. Any failure to manage the risks 
associated with expanding the Group's operations could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, although due diligence reviews are undertaken in relation to acquisitions, such reviews may 
not reveal all existing or potential risks and liabilities and the Group cannot give any assurance that its 
acquisitions are not or will not become subject to liabilities of which it is unaware. While warranties and 
indemnities are generally obtained where practical and appropriate, the Group cannot give any assurance 
that it would be able to enforce its contractual or other rights against the relevant sellers or that any 
warranties and indemnities would be adequate to cover potential liabilities. The acquisition of businesses 
or assets with risks or liabilities of which the Group was or may be unaware, or did not correctly assess or 
assume, or against which the Group did not obtain full legal protection, could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group cannot give any assurance that it will successfully integrate its previous acquisitions in an 
efficient and effective manner or that it will be able to identify, consummate and integrate future 
acquisitions. The Group's failure to integrate its acquisitions and to manage any of the risks and costs 
associated with such integration, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations 
and financial condition.

--- Page 12 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 4 - 
70-41032542 
 
In addition, any future acquisition of highly leveraged companies (and the funding of such acquisitions 
through debt finance) might result in worsening of the Group's financial condition and therefore, lead to 
rating downgrades in the future.  In the event the Issuer's credit ratings are lowered by the rating agencies, 
the Issuer may not be able to raise additional indebtedness on terms similar to its existing indebtedness or 
at all, and its ability to access credit and bond markets and other forms of financing (or refinancing) could 
be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group faces strong competition from other retailers which could materially adversely affect its 
financial performance 
The Group's business competes for customers, employees, digital prominence, products and services and 
in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national and global physical and 
online retailers and retail intermediaries. The business competes in a variety of ways, including the prices 
at which merchandise is sold, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, 
location, store hours, in-store amenities, shopping convenience and overall shopping experience, the 
attractiveness and ease of use of its online Barbora platform and the cost and speed of and options for 
delivery to customers. A failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail 
markets or delays or failure in execution of the Group's strategy could materially adversely affect its 
financial performance. 
The Group has faced particularly strong competition over the last few years from discount retailers such as 
Lidl who have targeted rapid expansion in the Baltic States (see "Description of the Issuer - Competitive 
Landscape and Market Positioning "). Whilst the Group believes that it has developed effective strategies 
to successfully compete with entry of discount retailers to the market, including the acquisition of Emperia 
Holding S.A. and subsequent expansion of the Stokrotka chain of stores to increase its presence in the 
Polish market, it can give no assurance that such strategies will be sufficient in order to increase or even 
maintain its market position. Amongst other factors, a change in consumer preference in favour of discount 
retailers, consolidation of market players and aggressive promotional and marketing tactics could put the 
Group at a competitive disadvantage, resulting in an adverse impact on its financial results and market 
reputation. 
Separately, certain segments of the retail industry are undergoing consolidation, which could result in 
increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation, or 
other business combinations or alliances, may result in competitors with greatly improved financial 
resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and 
other improvements in their competitive positions. Such business combinations or alliances could result in 
the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated or 
aligned companies. There is also the risk of new entrants entering the retail markets in which the Group 
operates, either through acquisition or the emergence of non-traditional disruptive methods including via 
online or other novel retail models (including home delivery). 
These factors could in turn reduce the Group's market share and/or existing profit margins, which may 
adversely affect its financial performance. 
Failure to maintain the Group's reputation and brand image could adversely impact its results of 
operations 
The Group believes that its strong brand is among its most valuable assets, and that its brand image and 
reputation have contributed significantly to the success of its business. The Group's continued success 
depends on its ability to maintain, promote and grow its brand image and reputation. Adverse publicity, 
whether about the products it sells or the manner in which it operates, or regulatory or legal action could 
damage the Group's reputation and brand image, undermine consumer confidence in the Group and reduce 
long-term demand for its products, even if any such adverse publicity or regulatory or legal action is 
unfounded or not material to the Group's operations. Consequently, the Group's results of operations could 
be adversely impacted if its brand is tarnished or receives negative publicity.

--- Page 13 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 5 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Group may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could 
negatively affect the Group's relationship with its customers, demand for its products and services, 
market share and the growth of the business 
It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services the Group's customers will 
demand and changes in their shopping patterns. The success of the Group depends in part on how accurately 
it predicts consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing 
products and the competitive environment. Price transparency, assortment of products, customer 
experience, convenience and the speed and cost of shipping are of primary importance to customers and 
continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media available to 
consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products. Failure to adequately or 
effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and shopping patterns, or any other failure on 
the part of the business to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences 
and shopping patterns could negatively affect the Group's relationship with its customers, the demand for 
its products, its market share and the growth of the business. 
There are risks associated with the management and development of the Group's property portfolio 
A key focus of the Group's strategy is to strengthen its position in the Baltic States and expand its retail 
presence in Bulgaria and Poland (see "Description of the Issuer - Strategy"). Acquiring the targeted volume 
of the right sites and operating new and existing space in line with targeted levels of profitability presents 
a risk in an increasingly competitive market. 
The Group's expansion strategy depends upon its ability to execute retail concepts successfully in new 
markets and upon its ability to increase the number of stores in existing markets. The ability to open 
additional retail sites depends in large measure upon the ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel 
and to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local real estate, land use, zoning, and other regulations 
restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which the business operates its various formats, as 
well as local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites and the adoption 
of certain local laws restricting its operations, may affect the ability to open new stores or to relocate or 
expand existing units in certain cities and countries, including in market areas in which the Group has no 
existing operations. 
Increased real estate, construction and development costs and competition could limit growth opportunities. 
Moreover, expansion into existing local market areas may be limited if the opening of new stores would 
result in an unacceptable level of cannibalisation of the sales of existing stores. If the Group is unable to 
open new retail premises or acquire leasehold premises on acceptable terms, its financial performance, such 
as net sales and operating income growth, could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if consumers 
in the markets into which the Group expands or in which it builds stores of a new format are not receptive 
to its retail concepts or are otherwise not receptive to the Group's presence in a market, its financial 
performance could be adversely affected. 
The Group may be unable to find a suitably located  premises for its stores 
The Group operates leases in premises that are either owned by it or leased from other parties. 
From time to time, the Group reviews the ownership and leasing structure of these premises. The terms of 
such lease arrangements are generally long-dated and contain provisions requiring the Group to continue 
to operate that store for the full term of the lease irrespective of individual store profitability. There exists 
a risk that the Group's flexibility to exit underperforming stores may be constrained by the terms of the 
relevant lease.  Conversely, in the case of profitable stores, the Group may encounter difficulties in 
renewing the relevant lease on existing terms or at all, or may be adversely affected by the lessor's exercise 
of contractual termination rights. In such circumstances, the Group may not be able to find suitable 
alternative premises, which could adversely affect its presence in a particular geographic market and 
negatively impact its competitive position. 
Additionally, where the Group seeks to identify premises for purchase, it may be difficult to obtain suitable 
sites at commercially reasonable prices due to competition within the sector impacting the costs of acquiring 
land. Any such difficulty may impact the Group's profitability and results of operations. Furthermore,

--- Page 14 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 6 - 
70-41032542 
 
difficulty acquiring suitable premises either for purchase or lease may adversely affect the Group's ability 
to expand its operations pursuant to its strategy. 
Product liability risk 
The packaging, marketing, distribution and sale of products entails an inherent risk of product and public 
liability, product recall and resultant adverse publicity. Further, as a retailer of products, the Group faces 
risks associated with faulty, defective products or mislabelled products.  If any products sold by the Group 
are defective, contaminated or adulterated, this may lead to a risk of exposure to product liability claims 
and adverse publicity. Concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products could cause customers 
to avoid purchasing certain products from the Group, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their 
food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside the control of the business. Any lost 
confidence on the part of the Group's customers would be difficult and costly to re-establish. This could 
create a negative perception amongst consumers, colleagues, suppliers and the communities in which the 
Group operates which may in turn result in a loss of market share or an unfavourable effect on the Group's 
ability to do business which could have an adverse effect on the Group's financial performance. 
Risks associated with the suppliers from whom the Group's products are sourced could materially 
adversely affect financial performance 
The Group relies on certain suppliers, manufacturers and other service providers to provide goods and 
produce products for its retail businesses and to transport products to distribution centres, stores and 
customers, and it may not be able to obtain or deliver quality products on a timely basis or in sufficient 
quantity at acceptable cost. 
Political and economic instability in the countries in which the Group's foreign suppliers and their 
manufacturers are located (including involvement in in illegal or immoral practices), the financial instability 
of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet certain of the Group's supplier standards, labour problems 
experienced by suppliers and their manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, 
merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption in the transportation of merchandise from the suppliers 
and manufacturers to the Group's stores and other facilities, including as a result of labour slowdowns, 
currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other operational 
factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond the Group's control. 
In addition, foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed 
on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing 
certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond its control. 
Although the purchases from the Group's ten major suppliers amounted to only 9 per cent. of total 
purchases, the Group cannot provide any assurance that there will not be any disputes with its major 
suppliers or that it will be able to maintain business relationships with its existing suppliers.  Any disruption 
to the Group's supply chain as a result of an issue with a supplier, or any damage to such supplier's integrity 
could cause the Group significant time and expense in remediation of any deficiencies and could impact its 
reputation, which could adversely affect its brand recognition, market share and profitability. Furthermore, 
it could result in increased operating costs and improperly implemented initiatives which may harm 
customer engagement through reduced levels of service and could adversely impact the Group' business. 
Inventory management risks 
Efficiently managing inventory stocks and ensuring stock availability are of paramount importance to the 
Group' business. If the Group is unable to manage inventory effectively, or if the Group faces shortages of 
stock availability resulting in lost sales, this could affect the businesses' competitive position and may have 
an adverse impact on the Group' results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is susceptible to extraneous events which may impact its inventory stocks and availability, 
notably in respect of its storage and transportation facilities. As is customary in the industry, the Group 
stores perishable merchandise in distribution centres and in-store, in light and temperature-controlled 
environments (particularly through the use of refrigeration facilities). Any significant disruption to the 
Group's storage facilities (through breakdown, deterioration or unforeseen accidents) could especially 
impact the Group's inventory levels, its ability to distribute products to its stores or customers and its ability 
to and to maintain an adequate product supply chain.

--- Page 15 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 7 - 
70-41032542 
 
As the Group's strategy is focused on high volume, low margin businesses, any disruptions to operations 
could reduce overall profitability. The Group carries business interruption insurance, which may partly 
offset the financial effect of such an event, although no assurance can be given that any such event may not 
adversely affect the Group's future profitability, results of operations and financial position. 
The Group may experience unforeseen increases in cost  
An ongoing focus for the Group is to maintain its cost of doing business at an appropriate level whilst 
working in an environment with increasing prices of petroleum products and raw materials (including crude 
oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel), higher costs for electricity and other energy and inflation 
associated costs. If the Group is unable to do so on a sustainable basis or achieve the savings to the necessary 
extent, it may be unable to compete effectively in its markets and its trading results may be adversely 
affected. In addition, the Group seeks to maintain an acceptable margin by improved buying practices, 
including benefits gained from increased direct global sourcing, as well as reduced shrinkage and efficiency 
improvements. Failure to achieve targets in these areas may adversely affect the Group' gross margin 
improvements. 
The Group may fail to attract or retain key management and personnel 
The responsibility of overseeing day-to-day operations and the strategic management of the Group is 
concentrated among a number of key employees. Furthermore, the Group's ability to continue to conduct 
and expand operations depends on its ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of personnel. 
The ability to meet labour needs, including the ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that 
become vacant at the Group's existing stores, and distribution centres, while controlling associated wages 
and labour costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient 
number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which the business operates, unemployment 
levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs 
and adoption of new or revised employment and labour laws and regulations. If the Group is unable to 
locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service provided to customers may decrease 
and the Group's financial performance may be adversely affected. In addition, if costs of labour or related 
costs increase for other reasons or if new or revised labour laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are 
adopted or implemented that further increase labour costs, financial performance could be materially 
adversely affected. 
The Group relies extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarise results and 
manage its business. Disruptions in systems could harm the ability to conduct operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on IT systems and the management of information, particularly its 
online operations through Barbora. Increasing digital interactions with customers, suppliers and consumers 
place ever-greater emphasis on the need for secure and reliable IT systems, infrastructure and careful 
management of the information that is in our possession. Disruption of the Group's IT systems could inhibit 
its business operations in a number of ways, including disruption to sales, production and cash flows, 
ultimately impacting the Group's financial results. There is also a threat from unauthorised access and 
misuse of sensitive information. Group's information systems could be subject to unauthorised access or 
the mistaken disclosure of information which disrupts Group's business and/or leads to loss of assets 
Given the number of individual transactions the business processes each year, it is crucial that uninterrupted 
operation of business-critical information systems is maintained. The Group's information systems are 
subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, 
computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programmes, denial-of-service attacks, security 
breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers and sophisticated organisations), catastrophic events 
and usage errors by associates or contractors. Information systems are essential to the Group's business 
operations, including the processing of transactions, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and its 
online Barbora platform. If the Group's IT systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, 
the Group may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and may suffer interruptions 
in business operations in the interim. 
Any significant failure of the Group's information infrastructure or key IT systems could result in a loss of 
information, inability to operate effectively, financial or regulatory penalties and a negative impact on the 
reputation and financial performance of the Group. The Group's customers and colleagues are increasingly

--- Page 16 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 8 - 
70-41032542 
 
sensitive to matters of data usage and storage and security. As a result, the inherent reputational risks of the 
IT control environment have increased in conjunction with the financial and regulatory risks. 
Data security and data privacy risks 
A failure by the Group to maintain appropriate control over customer, colleague and commercial and/or 
operational data could lead to a loss of commercial or personal data. Failure to invest appropriately in IT 
or ineffectively implement controls over its online presence could increase its vulnerability to and 
likelihood of successful cyber-attack, constrain the growth of the business and fail to safeguard employee, 
supplier or customer data, or the Group's own proprietary data or confidential information. The Group may 
not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber 
attacks. Attacks may be targeted at the Group, its customers and suppliers, or others who have entrusted it 
with information. Data and security breaches may also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including 
breaches by the Group or by persons with whom it has commercial relationships that result in the 
unauthorised release of personal or confidential information. Misuse or mismanagement of personal data 
could also result in reputational harm, regulatory investigation, and/or financial penalties which could 
adversely affect the Group's financial performance; the loss or misuse of proprietary information could 
additionally impact the Group's competitive position in the market or its ability to execute its strategic plans. 
Additionally, the European Union and many countries within the European Union have adopted privacy 
directives or laws that strictly regulate the collection and use of personally identifiable information of 
internet users. The United States and other jurisdictions have also adopted legislation which governs the 
collection and use of certain personal information, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation 
(the "GDPR") which significantly increases the potential penalties which may be imposed in the event of 
any breach or violation. The Group is subject to these personal data and privacy laws and regulations and 
related security protocols with respect to the use, transfer and disclosure of personal data. In addition, there 
are many proposals by lawmakers that address the collection, maintenance and use of consumer 
information, web browsing and geo-location data, and that establish data security and breach notification 
procedures. Given that this is an evolving and unsettled area of regulation, any new significant restrictions 
or technological requirements could subject the Group to potential liability or restrict the Group's present 
business practices, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and 
financial condition. In addition, in the event of a security breach of the Group's data management systems 
affecting consumer information, or in the event of the loss or corruption of consumer information, the Group 
could face liability, including administrative, civil and criminal liability and the imposition of fines by 
relevant authorities. Compliance with any applicable laws could also delay or impede the development of 
new products, result in negative publicity, increase the Group's operating costs, require significant 
management time and attention, or subject the Group to inquiries or investigations, claims or other 
remedies, including fines or demands that the Group modifies or ceases existing business practices. 
Crime and Security Risks 
The Group promotes the security and safety of consumers and employees in its stores, warehouse and other 
facilities. However, due to high visibility and the presence of large numbers of people, particularly in the 
Group's large-format stores, the Group's properties may be targets for crime, including thefts, break-ins and 
robberies, and other forms of violence.  Any violent attack on a property of the Group may harm such stores 
operations and general condition, whilst endangering or injuring employees and customers. In addition to 
causing financial and operational losses, any such events may directly or indirectly affect the value of the 
Group's properties and their attractiveness to consumers. Any threats, whether genuine or not,  can stop 
business operations temporarily or permanently, can cause declining visitor numbers to the affected 
properties and may substantially impede a store's business. Any one or more of these risks could have a 
materially adverse impact on the Group's reputation, financial results and operations. 
Funding and liquidity risk 
Changes in the global credit and financial markets, including regulatory changes in respect of banks and 
the wider financial services sector have in recent years affected and may continue to affect the availability 
of credit and has led to an increase in the cost of financing. In the past, the deterioration in the financial 
markets has contributed to a recession in the U.S. and the global economy, which has led, and may continue 
to lead, to significant declines in employment, household wealth, customer demand and lending. As a result, 
this may adversely affect economic growth in Europe and elsewhere.

--- Page 17 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 9 - 
70-41032542 
 
Whilst the Group currently has committed facilities available that enable it to meet its current funding 
needs, there may be difficulty in the future in accessing the financial markets, which could make it more 
difficult or expensive to obtain funding. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to continue 
to raise financing at a reasonable cost, or at all. The Group may also be subject to solvency risks of its banks 
and counterparts in its financial investments and arrangements. These may have an adverse effect on the 
Group' business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interest and exchange rate risk 
The Group acquires some of its goods and services in foreign currencies, principally in United States 
dollars, while its income is denominated mostly in Euro. The impact of such currency risk cannot be 
predicted reliably. The Group's interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings. The Group is exposed 
to cash flow interest rate risk as some of the Group's borrowings are subject to floating interest rates related 
to EURIBOR. The Group seeks to manage its exposure to adverse fluctuations in exchange rates and interest 
rates by using currency and interest rate hedging instruments. There is a risk that the Group' results of 
operations may be adversely affected if its hedges are not effective in mitigating exchange rate and interest 
rate risks, if the Group is under hedged or if a hedge provider defaults on its obligations under the Group' 
hedging agreements. There can be no assurance that the Group' interest rate and exchange rate hedging 
arrangements or hedging policy will be sufficient or effective.  
The Group's level of indebtedness could adversely impact its ability to refinance such indebtedness when 
desired or to raise additional capital to fund its operations and limit the ability to react to changes in the 
economy or the industry 
The Group's level of indebtedness presents a number of risks to its financial condition, including the 
following: 
• 
it may limit the Group's ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, 
capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other 
purposes; 
• 
a substantial portion of cash flows from operations could be dedicated to the payment of principal 
and interest on indebtedness and may not be available for other business purposes; 
• 
certain of the Group's borrowings are at variable rates of interest, exposing the business to the risk 
of increased interest rates; and 
• 
if due to liquidity needs the Group must replace any borrowings upon maturity, the business would 
be exposed to the risk that it would be unable to do so as the result of market, operational or other 
factors. 
In the case that such consequences manifest, the Group's financial condition may be adversely affected. 
Natural disasters or changes in climate could materially adversely affect the Group's financial 
performance 
The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as floods or fires, weather conditions such as major 
or extended winter storms or severe changes in a country in which the business operates or in which its 
suppliers are located could adversely affect the Group's operations and financial performance. 
Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of the Group's 
properties, the closure of one or more stores or distribution facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in 
a market, the inability of customers and associates to reach or have transportation to stores affected by such 
events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which stores and distribution facilities are located, the 
unavailability of the online Barbora platform to customers if servers or networks are disrupted, changes in 
the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term 
disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport 
of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to distribution facilities or stores 
within a country in which the Group operates, the reduction in the availability of products in stores, the 
disruption of utility services to stores and facilities, and disruption in communications with stores. The

--- Page 18 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 10 - 
70-41032542 
 
business bears the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to, or destruction of, any stores or 
distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory and business interruption caused by such events. These 
events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect the Group's operations in the areas in 
which they occur and could materially adversely affect its financial performance. 
The Group's employees may engage in misconduct or improper activities, including non-compliance 
with regulatory standards 
The Group is exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could 
include intentional failures to comply with regulations, failure to report financial information or data 
accurately or disclose unauthorised activities to the Group and theft of products from stores and warehouses. 
In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements are subject to extensive laws and regulations 
intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. Employee 
misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained, or illegal misappropriation of 
inventory. The Group has adopted several policies in relation to its employees conduct for its employees, 
but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions taken to detect 
and prevent this activity may not be effective.  Any such activities could have a significant impact on the 
Group's business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Moreover, any such 
unethical conduct may adversely affect the reputation and brand image of the Group. 
A strike or other labour disruption at the Group's facilities could adversely affect its business 
A substantial number of the Group's employees are represented by labour unions and collective bargaining 
agreements. Since the Group's foundation, it has not experienced any strikes or work stoppages, however, 
any strikes, threats of strikes, or other resistance or work stoppages in the future could impair its ability to 
implement further measures to reduce costs and improve production efficiencies in furtherance of its 
strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The materialisation of risks related to occupational health and safety could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
Risks related to occupational health and safety may result in workplace accidents impacting the Group's 
business operations. The Group employs personnel in certain locations which are inherently dangerous 
working environments (including warehouses and distribution facilities) where the use of machinery and 
the presence of heavy loads presents the risk of accident or injury.  In addition, safety hazards may arise for 
employees, contractors and the public on the Group's premises. 
The Group may fail to adequately manage these risks, resulting in the occurrence of workplace accidents 
or injuries, which could in turn cause delays to the distribution chain, oblige the Group to take preventative 
or restorative measures or result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. These and other costs and 
liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position, results of 
operations, reputation and ability to recruit competent personnel. 
The Group's insurance coverage may not be adequate 
The Group's insurance policies may not cover all losses and, as a result, the Group's insurance may not fully 
compensate it for losses associated with damage to its real estate assets, principally its stores and warehouse, 
and third-party liability, such as accidents involving customers. In addition, there are certain types of losses, 
generally of a catastrophic nature, that may be uninsurable or that are not economically insurable. Other 
factors might also result in insurance proceeds being insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is 
damaged or destroyed, such as inflation, taxation, changes in building codes and ordinances and 
environmental considerations. The Group may incur significant losses or damage to its assets or business 
or liability for losses or damage towards third parties for which it may not be compensated fully or at all. 
As a result, the Group may not have sufficient coverage against all losses that it may experience. Should an 
uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, the Group could lose capital invested in the 
affected property as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. In addition, the Group could be 
liable to repair damage caused by uninsured risks.  Additionally, no assurance can be given that material 
losses in excess of insurance coverage limits will not occur in the future. Any uninsured losses or losses in

--- Page 19 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 11 - 
70-41032542 
 
excess of insured limits could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations. 
Environmental and sustainability risks 
The Group faces risks relating to reducing the environmental impact of its business, in particular with regard 
to reducing packaging and implementing new methods of reducing waste and energy usage across stores, 
depots and offices.   As a retailer of food and perishable products, the Group may be required to comply 
with stricter environmental, health and safety laws or enforcement policies or become involved in claims 
and lawsuits relating to health and safety matters. Meeting stricter compliance standards or defending 
potential actions may have a significant negative impact on its results of operations. If the relevant 
authorities in a country where the Group has its operations discover violations of applicable environmental 
or health and safety laws, the Group may be subject to fines and other penalties. Any of these matters could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations. 
The Group could incur unforeseen taxes, tax penalties and sanctions which could adversely affect its 
results of operations and financial condition 
The imposition of any tax amendments in the markets in which the Group operates or changing 
interpretations or application of tax regulations by the tax authorities and the possible imposition of 
penalties and other sanctions due to unpaid tax liabilities may result in additional amounts being payable 
by the Group, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Regulatory, compliance and political risk 
The Group is subject to the laws of Lithuania and other countries and jurisdictions including Latvia, Estonia, 
Poland, Bulgaria and the EU in general, as well as the regulations of the regulatory agencies of Lithuania 
and the other countries in which it operates. These laws and regulations affect many aspects of the Group's 
business and, in many respects, determine the manner in which the Group conducts its business and the 
standards applicable to its products and services. Key areas subject to regulation include planning, 
competition, environmental, employment, consumer and tax laws and regulations over the Group's products 
and services. 
In each country in which it operates, the Group may be impacted by legal and regulatory changes, increased 
scrutiny by competition authorities and political developments relevant to the retail market. For example, 
implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/633 on unfair trading practices reduced the payment term for 
agricultural products to 30 days in some countries, and 30 or 60 days according to the product list, which 
resulted in a negative impact to operating cash flows in some Group companies. Similarly, Directive 
2019/2161, commonly known as the Omnibus Directive, will increase the administrative burden on the 
Group by requiring the presentation of clear information to consumers on the criteria used by traders to 
rank products in online searches and will also require the Group to inform consumers that prices presented 
to them have been personalised as a result of automated decision-making. 
The impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices 
generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related 
interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operational changes, be 
difficult to implement, increase the Group's operating costs and require significant capital expenditure. 
A failure by the Group to comply with legal or regulatory requirements relating to the Group's business 
activities could result in fines, criminal penalties, consequential litigation, an adverse effect on the Group's 
reputation or other adverse consequences including adverse impact on the Group's financial results or 
unfavourable effects on the Group's ability to do business. If the Group's internal procedures and controls 
or compliance monitoring system is insufficient, this could lead to difficulties in identifying weakness or 
breaches which could have an adverse impact upon the Group's financial performance.  
Litigation risks 
From time to time, the Group may be a party to litigation claims and legal proceedings, including personal 
injury and other claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Group evaluates

--- Page 20 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 12 - 
70-41032542 
 
any litigation claims and legal proceedings to which it is a party to assess the likelihood of unfavourable 
outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and 
estimates, if any, the Group establishes reserves and/or discloses the relevant litigation claims or legal 
proceedings as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to 
management at the time and involve significant management judgement. 
The merit, likely outcome and potential impact on the Group of any such litigation that either has been or 
might potentially be brought against the Group is subject to a number of significant uncertainties. Adverse 
outcomes in legal proceedings, or changes in management's evaluations or predictions about any such 
proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, financial results and financial 
condition. See "Legal and Regulatory Proceedings" for further information.  
Holding company risks 
The Issuer is the ultimate holding company of the Group. The principal assets of the Issuer are the equity 
interests it directly or indirectly holds in its operating subsidiaries and loan balances receivable from Group 
entities. As a result, the Issuer is largely dependent on loans, interest, dividends and other payments from 
its subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet its financial obligations, including the payment of 
interest and principal to its creditors, including the holders of the Notes. The ability of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries to make such distributions and other payments depends on their earnings and may be subject 
to statutory or contractual restrictions. Consequently, if amounts that the Issuer receives from its 
subsidiaries are not sufficient, the Issuer may not be able to service its obligations under the Notes. As at 
31 December 2021, 67.6 per cent. of the Group's external financing obligations are the responsibility of the 
Issuer. 
As an equity investor in its subsidiaries, the Issuer's right to receive assets on any liquidation or 
reorganisation would be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors of its subsidiaries (including, 
without limitation, creditors under external financing arrangements entered into by such subsidiaries and 
the holders of any debt securities and regulatory capital securities issued by its subsidiaries to third party 
investors). To the extent that the Issuer is also recognised as a creditor of such subsidiaries, the Issuer's 
claims may still be subordinated to any security interest in or other lien on their assets and to any of their 
debt or other obligations that rank senior to the Issuer's claims. 
The Issuer's ability to access credit and bond markets and the Issuer's ability to raise additional 
financing is in part dependent on the Issuer's credit ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a long-term senior unsecured rating of 
BB+ by S&P. These ratings reflect each agency's opinion of the Issuer's financial strength, operating 
performance and ability to meet the Issuer's debt obligations as they become due. The Issuer's ability to 
access the capital markets and other forms of financing (or refinancing), and the costs connected with such 
activities, depend in part on the Issuer's credit ratings. In the event the Issuer's credit or debt ratings are 
lowered by the rating agencies, the Issuer may not be able to raise additional indebtedness on terms similar 
to its existing indebtedness or at all, and its ability to access credit and bond markets and other forms of 
financing (or refinancing) could be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The agreements that govern the Group's long-term debt contain restrictive covenants 
The agreements that govern the Group's long-term debt contain certain restrictive covenants, including 
among others "negative-pledge" clauses, "no disposal of assets" clauses and "restrictions on financial 
indebtedness" clauses and "net leverage ratio/net interest cover ratio" clauses, which may restrict its ability 
to acquire or dispose of assets or incur new debt. The Group's failure to comply with any of these covenants 
could constitute an event of default, which could result in the immediate or accelerated repayment of its 
debt, lead to cross-default under its other credit agreements or limit or reduce its ability to implement and 
execute its key strategies, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition.

--- Page 21 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 13 - 
70-41032542 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
The Issuer may issue Notes with variable interest rates under the Programme, which can be volatile 
investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any 
combination of those features or other similar related features, their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes under the Programme which may bear interest at a rate that 
the Issuer may elect to change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The 
change of the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes where 
the change of interest basis results in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the relevant Notes 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the relevant 
Notes change from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
such Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in such Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme at a substantial discount or premium. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Discontinuation or reformation of certain base rates described herein as "benchmarks," including 
EURIBOR 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments ("benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of national and international regulatory 
scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to 
existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may affect the manner 
of administration of benchmarks, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or be 
eliminated entirely. Any change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to

--- Page 22 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 14 - 
70-41032542 
 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation . Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and 
that such rates may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a Relevant 
Nominating Body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes.  
Judgments entered against Lithuanian entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulation or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable in Lithuania  
There may be difficulties or delays in having an English court judgment recognised or enforced in 
Lithuania. A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Lithuania in the courts of a state which 
is not, under the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and

--- Page 23 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 15 - 
70-41032542 
 
commercial matters (the "2012 Brussels Regulation"), or (ii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 
2007 (the "Lugano Convention"), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation) or a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in 
Lithuania as a matter of law without a recognition procedure. As such, in the absence of an international 
treaty between Lithuania and the United Kingdom, the recognition and enforcement of English court 
judgments in Lithuania will not be automatic but must be granted by a Lithuanian court. Generally, 
Lithuanian courts will not recognise and enforce an English court judgment if, inter alia, such judgment 
has not become final, the respondent was denied a possibility of defending its rights, the recognition of the 
judgment is in conflict with the public policy (ordre public) of Lithuania, the English court, under 
Lithuanian law, does not have jurisdiction or a Lithuanian court or the courts of another third country have 
exclusive jurisdiction over the case, or the English court has not applied foreign law applicable according 
to the conflicts of law rules of Lithuanian private international law, as the case may be. There can be no 
assurance that all conditions for the recognition and enforcement of any English court judgment in Lithuania 
will be met or that any particular judgment will be determined to be recognisable and enforceable in 
Lithuania by the Lithuanian courts. 
Limitation periods may apply to any claims or enforcement proceedings relating to the Notes which are 
brought before a Lithuanian court   
According to Article 55 Part 9 of the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania, should the owner of 
notes issued by a Lithuanian company fail to request the redemption of such notes within a period of three 
years after the due date for redemption, as established by the resolution to issue the relevant notes, then the 
noteholder loses such right of claim. If, in accordance with their terms, the Notes are redeemed prior to 
their maturity date, it is likely that the aforementioned three years period will start on the date of such earlier 
redemption. Although the Notes are governed by English law, and the prescription periods set out in 
Condition 9 (Prescription) are materially longer than those set out above, the application of this principle 
to foreign law securities is untested before the Lithuanian courts, and there remains a risk that any claims 
or enforcement proceedings that are not brought within three years of the redemption date of the relevant 
Notes would not be recognised or enforced by the Lithuanian courts. 
Claims of Noteholders under the Notes are effectively subordinated to those of certain other creditors of 
the Issuer and to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
Notes issued under the Programme will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
obligations under the Notes will rank equally with all of the Issuer's other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness; however, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Issuer's secured indebtedness, if 
any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain 
preferential obligations under Lithuanian law, such as wages of employees.  
Generally, lenders and trade and other creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries are entitled to payment of their 
claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets would be available for distribution to the 
Issuer, as direct or indirect shareholder, which would then allow for the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes. Any debt that the Issuer's subsidiaries may incur in the future will also rank structurally senior to 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
A significant part of the Group's assets and revenue are generated by the Issuer's subsidiaries. Accordingly, 
the Issuer is and will be dependent on its subsidiaries’ operations to service its indebtedness, including 
interest and principal due under the Notes. The subsidiaries are legally separated from the Issuer and the 
subsidiaries' ability to make payments to the Issuer is restricted by, among other things, the availability of 
funds, corporate restrictions and the law of the domicile of the respective subsidiaries. Furthermore, in the 
event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to one of the subsidiaries, all creditors of such 
subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before any entity within 
the Group, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any payments. Thus, Notes issued under the Programme 
are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity    
Where a payment of interest is subject to withholding tax in Lithuania, the Issuer has undertaken to pay 
additional amounts such that Noteholders receive the amount of interest they would have received had there

--- Page 24 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 16 - 
70-41032542 
 
been no such withholding. If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay any other additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. For further information, see 
"Taxation – Lithuania Taxation – Withholding Tax, Income Tax".  
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes will be unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with all 
unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Accordingly, any claims against the Issuer under the 
Notes would be unsecured claims. The Issuer's ability to pay such claims will depend upon, among other 
factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and its ability and that of the Group's subsidiaries to generate 
cash flows, which could be affected by, inter alia, the circumstances described in these risk factors. The 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes will also be structurally subordinated to the holders of secured and 
unsecured debt and other creditors of subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
Any such factors could affect the Issuer's ability to make payment of interest and principal under the Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions (as defined in the Trust Deed) on matters relating to 
the Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed and whose Notes are outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer and 
the Trustee (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
(i) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing 
system(s), approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of 
the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and 
(ii) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer and/or the Trustee (as the case may be) by accountholders in the clearing systems with 
entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the accountholders hold such entitlement 
on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom 
such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more intermediaries). 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would 
otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, subject to and in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. The 
Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders or Couponholders, agree 
to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests

--- Page 25 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 17 - 
70-41032542 
 
of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable. In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions which allow, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, certain legal entities to assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, in the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are governed by English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice or any change in law (including taxation law) relating to the jurisdiction of the 
Noteholders after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Eligibility of the Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments to be held 
in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that any such Notes are upon issue 
deposited with one of the international central securities depositories as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that such Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem Eligible Collateral") either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria and other obligations (including the provision of further information) as specified by the 
European Central Bank from time to time. The Issuer does not give any representation, warranty, 
confirmation or guarantee to any investor that such Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times 
during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem 
Eligible Collateral. Any potential investor in any such Notes should make their own conclusions and seek 
their own advice with respect to whether or not any such Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
Because the Global Notes and the Global Certificates are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Such Global Notes or Global Certificates will be deposited with (in the case of a CGN or a Note not to be 
held under the NSS) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in the case of 
NGN or a Note to be held under the NSS) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to (in the case of CGN or a Note

--- Page 26 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 18 - 
70-41032542 
 
that is not to be held under the NSS) the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or (in the case of NGN or a Note that is to be held under the NSS) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as common safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note or a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered 
Notes.  
Interest rate risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which pay a fixed Rate of Interest. Investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the relevant rate paid 
on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Inflation risk 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real 
rate of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced by rising inflation rates and may be negative 
if the inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. Payments of interest on the Notes, or gains realised by the Noteholders 
upon sale or redemption of the Notes, may be subject to taxation in their home jurisdictions or in other 
jurisdictions in which they are required to pay taxes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax 
summary included in this Base Prospectus and/or in the Final Terms but to ask for their own tax adviser's 
advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. 
This investment consideration should be read in connection with the taxation sections included in this Base 
Prospectus and the additional tax sections, if any, contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risks related to the market 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities is influenced by economic and market conditions. There can be no assurance 
that events in Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely 
affect the price of the Notes or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be liquid or may become illiquid at a later stage and may be sensitive to 
changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the 
Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme in any currency. The Issuer will pay principal and interest 
on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify

--- Page 27 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 19 - 
70-41032542 
 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 28 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 20 - 
70-41032542 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the issuer.  In relation to the different types of 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if 
necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 29 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 21 - 
70-41032542 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective 
meanings given to them in the Conditions.  
Issuer: 
Maxima Grupė, UAB 
Legal Entity Identifier 
259400Z5DFISQ00QN727 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, J.P. Morgan SE, Luminor bank AS 
and MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, J.P. Morgan SE, Luminor bank AS 
and MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
(Important note: the Trustee is not a trustee of the owners of Notes for the 
purposes of Article 55 Part 6 of the Law on Companies of the Republic of 
Lithuania and of the Law on the Protection of Interests of Owners of Bonds 
issued by Public and Private Companies of the Republic of Lithuania (in 
Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių 
bendrovių obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo įstatymas).  The Trustee 
therefore does not have rights and obligations established in the above-
mentioned laws, including in relation to any meetings of Noteholders. 
Accordingly, meetings of Noteholders, as described herein, do not meet the 
requirements of and are not regulated by the Law on the Protection of 
Interests of Owners of Bonds issued by Public and Private Companies of the 
Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių 
bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių bendrovių obligacijų savininkų interesų 
gynimo įstatymas).  
Issuing and Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the

--- Page 30 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 22 - 
70-41032542 
 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes") only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be 
represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a "Temporary 
Global Note") if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have 
an initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA D (as defined in "– Selling Restrictions" below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the "Global Notes")). Registered Notes will be represented by certificates 
(each a "Certificate"), one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered 
Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global 
certificates ("Global Certificates"). 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, such 
other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is 
to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form or the relevant Global 
Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS"), the Global 
Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On 
or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is not 
issued in NGN form ("CGN") or the relevant Global Certificate is not held 
under the NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more 
clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements. 
Specified 
Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the UK or the EEA or 
offered to the public in the UK or an EEA State in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
or the Prospectus Regulation, respectively, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which

--- Page 31 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 23 - 
70-41032542 
 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have 
a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series or  
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are 
to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer all as described in Condition 3 (Status). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4 (Covenants). 
Cross-Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-acceleration provision as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Certain Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes contain certain covenants which, inter alia, limit the 
Issuer's ability and the ability of certain restricted subsidiaries to conduct 
certain transactions, for example: 
(i) 
limits on making certain restricted payments;

--- Page 32 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 24 - 
70-41032542 
 
(ii) 
restrictions on incurring indebtedness and issuing preferred stock; 
(iii) 
limitations on mergers or consolidation with other entities 
(iv) 
restrictions on making certain asset sales;  
(v) 
restrictions on entering into transactions with affiliates;  
(vi) 
restrictions on incurring subordinated indebtedness; and  
(vii) 
granting additional guarantees of the Issuer’s indebtedness, 
all as further described in Condition 4 (Covenants). 
Ratings: 
The long-term senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer have been rated 
BB+ by S&P. 
S&P is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to 
be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "– Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. 
See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (including, to 
the extent applicable, the difference between the redemption price and the 
issue price of the Notes) will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of 
Lithuania, as the case may be, unless the withholding is required by law. In 
such event, the Issuer shall, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by 
it had no such withholding been required, all as described in Condition 8 
(Taxation). For further information, see "Taxation – Lithuania Taxation – 
Withholding Tax, Income Tax". 
The Issuer will pay additional amounts in respect of this withholding so that 
Noteholders receive the full amount they would have received had there 
been no withholding. For so long as the Notes are held in global form, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts on the entire principal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note.  
Governing Law: 
English. 
Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the 
Official List and to admit them to trading on the Market or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of 
Notes may be unlisted.  
In addition, application has been made for a certificate of approval to be 
issued by the Central Bank to the competent authority in Lithuania. The 
Issuer may make an application, after the Notes are issued, for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the official debt list of the Nasdaq. However, there 
can be no assurance that such application will be made or that such 
admission will take place.

--- Page 33 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 25 - 
70-41032542 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the UK, the EEA (including Lithuania), Japan and Singapore. 
See "Subscription and Sale".  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, as amended.  
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such 
rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("TEFRA D") unless the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with TEFRA D but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction 
to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 34 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 26 - 
70-41032542 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing 
each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or 
varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes 
(the "Issue Date"), the "Trust Deed") dated 28 June 2022 between the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the 
trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions") include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. 
An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated 
28 June 2022 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The 
issuing and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Issuing and Paying Agent", 
the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the "Registrar", the 
"Transfer Agents" (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". Copies 
of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection upon request during usual 
business hours at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents.  
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the 
"Couponholders") are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the 
Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the interest and redemption/payment basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided 
in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the 
same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for

--- Page 35 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 27 - 
70-41032542 
 
all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of 
the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon 
the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the 
Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same 
form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar 
or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of 
Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may 
be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case 
of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption 
of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting 
in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall 
be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person 
who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 
2(b) or (c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form 
of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(f)) and surrender of the 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, 
at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as 
may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), "business day" means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).

--- Page 36 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 28 - 
70-41032542 
 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, 
exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be 
registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note 
has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date.  
3. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save 
for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all 
times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
4. 
Covenants 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Restricted Subsidiaries will, create, 
incur, assume or permit to subsist any Security Interest (securing Indebtedness), other than 
a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) without at the same time 
or prior thereto (x) securing all amounts payable by it under the Notes and Coupons 
equally and rateably therewith; or (y) providing such other Security Interest for the 
payment of amounts payable by it as either (i) the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion 
deem not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
For purposes of determining compliance with this Condition 4.1, (A) a Security Interest 
need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of Permitted Security Interest 
described in the definition of "Permitted Security Interest" but may be permitted in part 
under any combination thereof; and (B) in the event that a Security Interest meets the 
criteria of one or more of the categories of Security Interest described in the definition of 
"Permitted Security Interest", the Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, classify or reclassify, 
or later divide, classify or reclassify, such Security Interest in any manner that complies 
with this Condition 4.1 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such 
Security Interest in one of the clauses of the definition of "Permitted Security Interest" and 
such Security Interest will be treated as being incurred or existing pursuant to only one of 
such clauses. 
(c) 
With respect to any Security Interest securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure 
such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Security 
Interest shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The 
"Increased Amount" of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such 
Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, 
the amortisation of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional 
Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation 
preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of 
fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property 
securing Indebtedness.

--- Page 37 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 29 - 
70-41032542 
 
4.2 
Restricted Payments 
(a) 
The Issuer will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, 
directly or indirectly: 
(i) 
declare or pay any dividend or make any other payment or distribution on account 
of the Issuer's or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries' Equity Interests (including, 
without limitation, any such payment or distribution made in connection with any 
merger or consolidation involving the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) 
or to the direct or indirect holders of the Issuer's or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries' Equity Interests in their capacity as such other than: (A) dividends 
or distributions by the Issuer payable solely in Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer or in 
warrants, options other rights to purchase Equity Interests; or (B) dividends and 
distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, 
payment or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities 
issued by a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary receives 
at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or distribution in accordance 
with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities; 
(ii) 
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value (including, without 
limitation, any such purchase, redemption, acquisition or retirement made in 
connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer) any Equity 
Interests of the Issuer or any direct or indirect parent of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
make any principal payment on or with respect to, or redeem, repurchase defease 
or otherwise acquire or retire for value, any Indebtedness of the Issuer that is 
expressly contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes (excluding 
any intercompany Indebtedness between or among the Issuer and any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries and Indebtedness permitted under Condition 4.3(b)(iv) 
and (v)) except (i) a payment of interest or principal at the stated maturity thereof 
or (ii) the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or 
retirement of Indebtedness purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund 
obligation, principal instalment or scheduled maturity, in each case due within 
one year of the date of such purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other 
acquisition or retirement; or 
(iv) 
make any Restricted Investment; 
(all such payments and other actions set forth in paragraphs (i) through (iv) above being 
collectively referred to as "Restricted Payments"), unless, at the time of and after giving effect to 
such Restricted Payment, the conditions specified in Condition 4.2(b) are satisfied or the Restricted 
Payment is permitted under Condition 4.2(c): 
(b) 
The conditions referred to in Condition 4.2(a) are that at the relevant time: 
(i) 
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as 
a consequence of such Restricted Payment; 
(ii) 
the Issuer would, at the time of such Restricted Payment and after giving pro 
forma effect thereto as if such Restricted Payment had been made at the beginning 
of the Relevant Testing Period, have been permitted to incur at least EUR1.00 of 
additional Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 4.3(a); and 
(iii) 
such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other 
Restricted Payments made by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries since the 
date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme (including Restricted 
Payments permitted by paragraphs (vi) and (xiv) of Condition 4.2(c) (furthermore, 
in the case of Restricted Payments permitted pursuant to paragraphs (vi) and (xiv) 
of Condition 4.2(c), such payments shall be fully or partially excluded, as

--- Page 38 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 30 - 
70-41032542 
 
applicable, to the extent that the amount available for Restricted Payments under 
this Condition 4.2(b)(iii) would be reduced to less than zero as a result of 
payments made under paragraphs (vi) and (xiv) of Condition 4.2(c))) is equal to 
or less than the sum, without duplication, of: 
(A) 
50 per cent. of the Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer for the period 
(taken as one accounting period) from 1 January 2022 to the end of the 
Issuer's most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial 
statements are available at the time of such Restricted Payment (or, if 
such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, less 100 per 
cent. of such deficit); plus 
(B) 
100 per cent. of the aggregate Net Proceeds received and the Fair Market 
Value of marketable securities or other property received by the Issuer 
since the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme from 
the issue or sale of (i) Equity Interests or Subordinated Shareholder 
Funding of the Issuer but excluding cash proceeds and the Fair Market 
Value of: (x) Equity Interests or Subordinated Shareholder Funding to 
any future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers or 
consultants of the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries after the date 
of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme to the extent such 
amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance 
with Condition 4.2(c)(v); and (y) Designated Preferred Stock; or (ii) 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that has been 
converted into or exchanged for such Equity Interests or Subordinated 
Shareholder Funding of the Issuer; provided, that this Condition 
4.2(b)(iii)(B) shall not include the proceeds from (W) Refunding Capital 
Stock (as defined below) applied in accordance with Condition 
4.2(c)(xv), (X) Equity Interests or convertible debt securities of the Issuer 
sold to a Restricted Subsidiary, (Y) Disqualified Stock or debt securities 
that have been converted into Disqualified Stock or (Z) Excluded 
Contributions; plus 
(C) 
100 per cent. of the aggregate amount of cash and the Fair Market Value 
of marketable securities or other property contributed to the capital of the 
Issuer following the date of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme (other than (i) net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash 
proceeds have been used to incur Indebtedness or issue Disqualified 
Stock or preferred stock pursuant to Condition 4.3(b)(xi), (ii) 
contributions by a Restricted Subsidiary and (iii) any Excluded 
Contributions); plus 
(D) 
100 per cent. of the aggregate amount received in cash and the Fair 
Market Value of marketable securities or other property received by the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary by means of: (i) the sale or other 
disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) of, or 
other returns on Investments from, Restricted Investments made by the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases and redemptions of 
such Restricted Investments from the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which 
constitute Restricted Investments made by the Issuer or its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, in each case after the date of the first issuance of Notes 
under the Programme; or (ii) the sale (other than to the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary) of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a 
dividend or distribution (other than an Excluded Contribution) from an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary; plus 
(E) 
to the extent that any Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Issuer designated as 
such after the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme is 
re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged or consolidated into

--- Page 39 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 31 - 
70-41032542 
 
the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, or all of the assets of 
such Unrestricted Subsidiary are transferred to the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, 100 per cent. of the Fair Market Value of the 
property received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary or the 
Issuer's Restricted Investment in such Subsidiary as of the date of such 
re-designation, merger, consolidation or transfer of assets, to the extent 
such Investment reduced the Restricted Payments capacity under this 
Condition 4.2 and was not previously repaid or otherwise reduced. 
Any amounts (such amounts, the “Excluded Amounts”) that would otherwise be included in the 
calculation of the amount available for Restricted Payments pursuant to Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B) or 
(C), will be excluded from such calculation to the extent (1) such amounts result from the receipt 
of net cash proceeds, property or assets or marketable securities received in contemplation of, or 
in connection with, an event that constitutes a Specified Change of Control Event, (2) the purpose 
of, or the effect of, the receipt of such net cash proceeds, property or assets or marketable securities 
was to reduce the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio so that a Specified Change of Control Event 
occurs, which would not have been achieved without the receipt of such net cash proceeds, property 
or assets or marketable securities and (3) no Change of Control Put Event has occurred in 
connection with such event in accordance with the requirements of the Conditions. 
(c) 
Condition 4.2(a) will not prohibit: 
(i) 
the payment of any dividend or other distribution or the consummation of any 
irrevocable redemption within 90 days after the date of declaration of the dividend 
or other distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at 
the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or redemption payment would have 
complied with the provisions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions; 
(ii) 
the making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of the Net Proceeds 
of the substantially concurrent sale or issuance (other than to a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer) of, Equity Interests of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) or from 
the substantially concurrent contribution of common equity capital to the Issuer; 
provided that the amount of any such Net Proceeds that are utilised for any such 
Restricted Payment will be excluded from Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B) of the 
preceding paragraph; 
(iii) 
the repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for 
value of Indebtedness of the Issuer that is contractually subordinated to the Notes 
with the net cash proceeds from a substantially concurrent incurrence of Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness for the purpose of such repurchase, redemption, 
defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value; 
(iv) 
the declaration or payment of any dividend (or, in the case of any partnership or 
limited liability company, any similar distribution) by a Restricted Subsidiary of 
the Issuer to the holders of its Equity Interests on no more than a pro rata basis; 
(v) 
the defeasance, repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for 
value of any Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the 
Issuer held by any current or former employee, director, officer, member of 
management or consultant of the Issuer (or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) or 
their respective permitted transferees pursuant to any management or employee 
benefit plan, equity subscription agreement, stock option agreement, restricted 
stock grant, shareholders' agreement or similar agreement (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any principal and interest payable on any notes issued by the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in connection with such 
repurchase, retirement or other acquisition); provided that the aggregate price 
paid for all such repurchased, redeemed, acquired or retired Equity Interests may 
not exceed EUR3.0 million in any calendar year (with unused amounts in any 
calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years); provided, further,

--- Page 40 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 32 - 
70-41032542 
 
that such amount in any calendar year under this clause may be increased by an 
amount not to exceed: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer 
to any future, present or former employees, directors, officers, 
members of management, or consultants (or their Immediate Family 
Members) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that occurs after the 
date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
the cash proceeds from the sale of such Equity Interests have not 
otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by 
virtue of Condition 4.2(b)(iii); plus 
(b) 
the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries after the date of the first issuance 
of Notes under the Programme; less 
(c) 
the amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash 
proceeds described in clauses (a) and (b) of this Condition 4.2(c)(v); 
and provided, further, that (i) cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Issuer or 
any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present or former employees, 
directors, officers, members of management or consultants of the Issuer (or their 
respective permitted transferees) or any of the Issuer's Restricted Subsidiaries in 
connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Issuer and (ii) the 
repurchase of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the exercise of options, 
warrants or similar instruments if such Equity Interests represents all or a portion 
of the exercise price thereof or payments, in lieu of the issuance of fractional 
Equity Interests or withholding to pay other taxes payable in connection 
therewith, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), will not be deemed to 
constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Condition or any other 
provision of the Trust Deed; 
(vi) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, the declaration and payment by the Issuer of dividends on the 
Capital Stock of the Issuer following an IPO Event, by any IPO Entity, in an 
amount not to exceed the greater of (a) five per cent. per calendar year of the Net 
Proceeds received by or contributed to the Issuer in or from any public offering; 
and (b) an aggregate amount per calendar year not to exceed the greater of (x) 
five per cent. of the Market Capitalisation and (y) five per cent. of the IPO 
Capitalisation; provided that, in the case of (x) and (y), after giving pro forma 
effect to such payment, the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries shall be equal to or less than 4.0 to 1.0;  
(vii) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount outstanding at 
any time not to exceed the greater of (i) EUR35.0 million and (ii) 1.5 per cent. of 
Total Assets; 
(viii) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, payment of any management fees not to exceed in aggregate 
EUR2.0 million in any calendar year (with unused amounts in any calendar year 
being carried over to succeeding calendar years);  
(ix) 
the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of 
Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any class 
or series of preferred stock of any Restricted Subsidiary issued in accordance with 
Condition 4.3;

--- Page 41 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 33 - 
70-41032542 
 
(x) 
Restricted Payments that are made (a) in an amount equal to the amount of 
Excluded Contributions previously received or (b) without duplication with 
clause (a), from the Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale in respect of property or 
assets acquired after the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme, 
if the acquisition of such property or assets was financed with Excluded 
Contributions; 
(xi) 
the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition for value of Capital Stock of the 
Issuer representing fractional shares of such Capital Stock in connection with a 
merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination involving the Issuer 
or any Restricted Subsidiary or any other transaction permitted by the Trust Deed; 
(xii) 
repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock 
options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise 
price thereof;  
(xiii) 
payments of cash, dividends, distributions, advances or other Restricted Payments 
by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to allow the payment of cash in 
lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon (x) the exercise of options or 
warrants or (y) the conversion or exchange of Capital Stock of any such Person;  
(xiv) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, any Restricted Payment; provided that the Consolidated Net 
Leverage Ratio on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted 
Payment does not exceed 4.0 to 1.0; 
(xv) 
(a) the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of any 
Equity Interests, including any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon ("Treasury 
Capital Stock") or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially 
concurrent sale or issuance (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of, Equity 
Interests or Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer to the extent 
contributed to the Issuer (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock or 
Excluded Contributions) ("Refunding Capital Stock"); and (b) the declaration 
and payment of dividends on Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the 
substantially concurrent sale or issuance (other than to a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or to an employee stock ownership plan or any trust established by the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries) of Refunding Capital Stock; 
(xvi) 
payments made or expected to be made by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary 
in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable upon exercise of Equity 
Interests by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, member of 
management or consultant (or their Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer or 
any Restricted Subsidiary and any repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to 
occur upon exercise of stock options, warrants or other equity-based awards if 
such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options, 
warrants or awards; and 
(xvii) 
the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or 
Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted 
Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are 
cash and/or Cash Equivalents).  
(d) 
The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) will be the Fair Market Value on 
the date of the Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be transferred 
or issued by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the 
Restricted Payment. 
(e) 
For purposes of determining compliance with this Condition 4.2, in the event that a 
proposed Restricted Payment (or a portion thereof) meets the criteria of clauses (i) through

--- Page 42 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 34 - 
70-41032542 
 
(xvii) of (c) of this Condition 4.2 or is entitled to be made pursuant to (b) of this Condition 
4.2, the Issuer will be entitled to classify or later reclassify (based on circumstances 
existing on the date of such reclassification) such Restricted Payment (or a portion thereof) 
between clauses (i) through (xvii) of (c) of this Condition 4.2 and(b) of this Condition 4.2 
in any manner that otherwise complies with this Condition 4.2. 
4.3 
Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock  
(a) 
The Issuer will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, 
directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly 
or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise, (collectively, incur) with respect to any 
Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt) or issue any Disqualified Stock and will not 
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to issue any shares of preferred stock; provided, 
however, that the Issuer may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt) or issue 
Disqualified Stock, if  
(i) 
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Testing Period would have 
been equal to or less than 4.25 to 1.00, and  
(ii) 
the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Relevant Testing Period would have 
been at least 2.0 to 1.0,  
in each case, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the 
net proceeds therefrom) as if the additional Indebtedness had been incurred or the 
Disqualified Stock had been issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds 
therefrom had occurred at the beginning of such Relevant Testing Period. 
(b) 
Condition 4.3(a) will not prohibit the incurrence of any of the following items of 
Indebtedness (collectively, "Permitted Debt"):  
(i) 
the incurrence by the Issuer of Indebtedness represented by the Notes to be issued 
on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme; 
(ii) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Existing 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness, in exchange for or to replace (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness that may be incurred from time to time to 
replace other Indebtedness that has already been repaid, terminated, discharged 
or cancelled), or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, renew, refund, 
refinance, replace, defease or discharge, other Indebtedness (other than 
intercompany Indebtedness) that was permitted by the Trust Deed; 
(iv) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of intercompany 
Indebtedness between or among the Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
any subsequent issuance or transfer of Equity Interests that results in any 
such Indebtedness being held by a Person other than the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; and  
(B) 
any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person that is not 
either the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
will be deemed, in each case, to constitute an incurrence of such Indebtedness by 
the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, that was not 
permitted by this paragraph (iv); 
(v) 
the issuance by any of the Issuer's Restricted Subsidiaries to the Issuer or to any 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries of shares of preferred stock; provided, however, that:

--- Page 43 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 35 - 
70-41032542 
 
(A) 
any subsequent issuance or transfer of Equity Interests that results in any 
such preferred stock being held by a Person other than the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
any sale or other transfer of any such preferred stock to a Person that is 
not either the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, 
will be deemed, in each case, to constitute an issuance of such preferred stock by 
such Restricted Subsidiary that was not permitted by this paragraph (v); 
(vi) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Hedging 
Obligations not for speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by a 
responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer); 
(vii) 
the guarantee by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer that was permitted to be incurred 
by another provision of this Condition 4.3; provided that if the Indebtedness being 
guaranteed is subordinated to or pari passu with the Notes then the guarantee 
shall be subordinated or pari passu, as applicable, to the same extent as the 
Indebtedness guaranteed; 
(viii) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness: 
(A) 
arising from the honouring by a bank or other financial institution of a 
cheque, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in 
the ordinary course of business; 
(B) 
owed on a short-term basis of no longer than 30 Business Days to banks 
and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business 
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries with such banks or financial 
institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements 
to manage cash balances of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;  
(C) 
in connection with the bankers' acceptances, discounted bills of exchange 
or the discounting or factoring (or reverse factoring) of receivables (or 
similar instruments), in each case incurred or undertaken consistent with 
past practice or in the ordinary course of business on arm's length 
commercial terms;  
(D) 
consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take or pay 
obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case incurred in 
the ordinary course of business;  
(E) 
to the extent constituting Indebtedness, customer deposits and advance 
payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary course 
of business from customers for goods purchased in the ordinary course 
of business; and 
(F) 
undertaken in connection with cash management, cash pooling and 
related activities with respect to any Subsidiary or joint venture in the 
ordinary course of business; 
(ix) 
Indebtedness of a Person outstanding on the date on which such Person becomes 
a Restricted Subsidiary or is acquired by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of 
the Issuer or is merged, consolidated, amalgamated or otherwise combined with 
(including pursuant to any acquisition of assets and assumption of related 
liabilities) the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in accordance with 
the Trust Deed; provided, however, with respect to this paragraph (ix) that at the 
time of the acquisition or other transaction pursuant to which such Indebtedness 
was deemed to be incurred, (A) the Issuer would have been able to incur EUR1.00 
of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 4.3(a) after giving pro forma

--- Page 44 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 36 - 
70-41032542 
 
effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness pursuant to this paragraph (ix) or (B) 
the (x) Issuer's Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio would not be higher and (y) 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio would not be lower, than they were immediately 
prior to giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness pursuant 
to this paragraph (ix); 
(x) 
the incurrence by the Issuer of Indebtedness pursuant to any Credit Facility or 
similar instrument in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not 
to exceed the greater of (i) EUR115.0 million and (ii) 4.9 per cent. of Total Assets; 
(xi) 
Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken 
together with any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and the 
principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this paragraph (xi) 
and then outstanding, will not exceed 100 per cent. of the Net Proceeds received 
by the Issuer from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of 
its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock, preferred stock or an Excluded 
Contribution) or otherwise contributed to the equity (other than through the 
issuance of Disqualified Stock, Subordinated Shareholder Funding, preferred 
stock or an Excluded Contribution) of the Issuer, in each case, subsequent to the 
date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme; provided, however, that 
(x) any such Net Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded 
for purposes of making Restricted Payments under Condition 4.2(b) and 
paragraphs (ii), (v), (vi), (vii), (x), (xi) and (xii) of Condition 4.2(c) to the extent 
the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries incur Indebtedness in reliance thereon 
and (y) any Net Proceeds that are so received or contributed shall be excluded for 
purposes of incurring Indebtedness pursuant to this paragraph (xi) to the extent 
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes a Restricted Payment under 
Condition 4.2(b) and paragraphs (ii), (v), (vi), (vii), (x), (xi) and (xii) of Condition 
4.2(c) in reliance thereon;  
(xii) 
Indebtedness (a) of the Issuer incurred or issued to finance an acquisition 
(including an acquisition of assets) ("Acquisition Debt") or (b) of Persons that 
are, or secured by assets that are, acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary or merged into, amalgamated or consolidated with the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed; provided 
that Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this Condition 4.3(b)(xii) is in an aggregate 
amount not to exceed the greater of (i) EUR50.0 million and (ii) 2.2 per cent. of 
Total Assets;  
(xiii) 
the incurrence by any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or any issuance by a 
Restricted Subsidiary of preferred stock and any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness in respect thereof in an aggregate principal amount at any time 
outstanding not to exceed EUR300.0 million, provided, however, with respect to 
this paragraph (xiii) that at the time such Indebtedness was incurred, the Issuer 
would have been able to incur EUR1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to 
Condition 4.3(a) after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such 
Indebtedness pursuant to this paragraph (xiii); 
(xiv) 
the incurrence by the Issuer of Indebtedness or the issuance of Disqualified Stock 
by the Issuer and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof in an 
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of 
(i) EUR65.0 million and (ii) 2.8 per cent. of Total Assets; 
(xv) 
Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earnouts or similar 
obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition 
of any business, assets or a Subsidiary, other than guarantees of Indebtedness 
incurred by any person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or a 
Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition;

--- Page 45 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 37 - 
70-41032542 
 
(xvi) 
Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries to future, present or former employees, directors, officers, 
managers and consultants thereof, their respective Immediate Family Members, 
in each case to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Issuer 
to the extent described in Condition 4.2(c)(v); and 
(xvii) 
Indebtedness of the Issuer supported by a letter of credit issued pursuant to a 
Credit Facility that is incurred pursuant to another clause in this Condition 4.3, in 
a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit.  
(c) 
For purposes of determining compliance with, and the outstanding principal amount of, 
any particular Indebtedness incurred pursuant to and in compliance with this Condition 
4.3: 
(i) 
in the event that an item or portion of an item of proposed Indebtedness meets the 
criteria of more than one of the categories of Permitted Debt described in 
Condition 4.3(b), or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to Condition 4.3(a), the 
Issuer, in its sole discretion, will be permitted to classify such item or portion of 
an item of Indebtedness on the date of its incurrence and only be required to 
include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one of such paragraphs 
although the Issuer may divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in one or 
more of the types of Indebtedness and may later reclassify all or a portion of such 
item of Indebtedness, in any manner that complies with this Condition 4.3; and 
(ii) 
guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit relating to, Indebtedness 
which is otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of 
Indebtedness shall not be included. 
(d) 
The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date will be: 
(i) 
in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount, the amount of 
the liability in respect thereof determined in accordance with IFRS; 
(ii) 
in the case of any Indebtedness owed to any export credit agency, adjusted to 
exclude the effect of the increase in the principal amount of such Indebtedness in 
accordance with IFRS resulting solely from the effect of the amortisation of the 
insurance premium initially applied to reduce the principal of the Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Indebtedness, in the case of any other Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
in respect of Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Security Interest on the 
assets of the specified Person, the lesser of: 
(A) 
the Fair Market Value of such assets at the date of determination; and 
(B) 
the amount of the Indebtedness of the other Person, and  
(v) 
in the case of Hedging Obligations, the net amount payable if such Hedging 
Obligations were terminated at that time due to default by such Person (after 
giving effect to any contractually permitted set-off). 
(e) 
Accrual of interest, accrual of dividends, the accretion or amortisation of original issue 
discount, the payment of interest on any Indebtedness in the form of additional 
Indebtedness, the reclassification of preferred stock as Indebtedness due to a change in 
accounting principles and the payment of dividends in the form of additional shares of 
preferred stock or Disqualified Stock will not be deemed to be an incurrence of 
Indebtedness or an issuance of preferred stock or Disqualified Stock for purposes of this 
Condition 4.3. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3 (including pursuant to any 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to this Condition 4.3), the

--- Page 46 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 38 - 
70-41032542 
 
maximum amount of Indebtedness that the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may incur 
pursuant to this Condition 4.3 shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of 
fluctuations in exchange rates or currency values. 
(g) 
If at any time an Unrestricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary shall be deemed to be incurred by a Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Issuer as of such date (and, if such Indebtedness is not permitted to be 
incurred as of such date under this Condition 4.3, the Issuer shall be in Default of this 
Condition 4.3). 
(h) 
For purposes of determining compliance with any euro denominated restriction on the 
incurrence of Indebtedness, the euro equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness 
denominated in a different currency shall be utilised, calculated based on the relevant 
currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred; provided 
however, the principal amount of any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in the same 
currency as the Indebtedness being refinanced will be the euro equivalent of the 
Indebtedness refinanced determined on the date such Indebtedness was originally incurred, 
except that to the extent that: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the refinancing Indebtedness exceeds the principal 
amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, in which case the euro equivalent 
of such excess will be determined on the date such refinancing Indebtedness is 
being incurred; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, 
if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall 
be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in 
which such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect 
on the date of such refinancing. 
(i) 
In the event that the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary enters into or increases commitments 
under a revolving credit facility, enters into any commitment to incur or issue Indebtedness, 
the incurrence or issuance thereof for all purposes under these Conditions and the Trust 
Deed, including for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or the 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, or usage of Condition 4.3(a) or clauses (i) 
through (xvii) of Condition 4.3(b) for borrowings and re-borrowings thereunder (and 
including issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances thereunder) 
will, at the Issuer's option, either (a) be determined (i) on the date of such revolving credit 
facility or such entry into or increase in commitments (assuming that the full amount 
thereof (or, at the option of the Issuer, a portion thereof) has been borrowed as of such 
date) or other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or preferred stock (in each case, pursuant 
to any letter, agreement or instrument, which may be conditional, including as to 
documentation) and/or (ii) on the date on which such facility or commitments become 
available, and, if such Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, 
as applicable, test or other provision of these Conditions and the Trust Deed is satisfied 
with respect thereto at such time, any borrowing or re-borrowing thereunder (and the 
issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances thereunder) will be 
permitted under this covenant irrespective of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or the 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, or other provision of these Conditions or the 
Trust Deed at the time of any borrowing or re-borrowing (or issuance or creation of letters 
of credit or bankers' acceptances thereunder) (the committed amount permitted to be 
borrowed or reborrowed (and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers' 
acceptances) on a date pursuant to the operation of this clause (a) shall be the "Reserved 
Indebtedness Amount" as of such date for purposes of the Consolidated Net Leverage 
Ratio or the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, and, to the extent of the usage 
of clauses (i) through (xvii) of Condition 4.3(b) shall be deemed to be incurred and 
outstanding under such clauses) or (b) be determined on the date such amount is borrowed 
pursuant to any such facility or increased commitment, and in each case, the Issuer may 
revoke such determination at any time and from time to time.

--- Page 47 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 39 - 
70-41032542 
 
4.4 
Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets 
(a) 
The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly (i) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with or into 
another Person (whether or not the Issuer is the surviving corporation) or (ii) sell, assign, 
transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or 
assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related 
transactions, to another Person, unless: 
(i) 
either: (a) the Issuer is the surviving corporation; or (b) the Person formed by or 
surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if other than the 
Issuer) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other 
disposition has been made is an entity organised or existing under the laws of any 
member state of the European Union (as of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme), any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, the United 
Kingdom, Canada or any province of Canada, Norway, Switzerland, Australia, 
New Zealand or Singapore; 
(ii) 
the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger (if other than the Issuer) or the Person to which such sale, assignment, 
transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition has been made assumes by 
supplemental Trust Deed, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, these Conditions and the Trust Deed; 
(iii) 
immediately after such transaction or transactions, no Default or Event of Default 
exists; 
(iv) 
the Issuer or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger (if other than the Issuer), or to which such sale, 
assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition has been made would, 
on the date of such transaction after giving pro forma effect thereto and any 
related financing transactions as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the 
Relevant Testing Period (A) be permitted to incur at least EUR1.00 of additional 
Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 4.3(a) or (B) the Consolidated Net Leverage 
Ratio would not be higher, and the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio would not be 
lower, than they were immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee (A) an Officer's Certificate stating 
that such consolidation, amalgamation or merger or such sale, assignment, 
transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition complies with this Condition 
4.4(a); and (B) an opinion of counsel (which may include in-house counsel) 
stating that such consolidation, amalgamation or merger or such sale, assignment, 
transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition, and if a supplemental Trust Deed 
is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental Trust Deed 
will, comply with this Condition 4.4(a) and has been duly authorised, executed 
and delivered by the surviving Person and constitutes a legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligation of such Person. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept and 
rely on such Officer's Certificate and opinion without further enquiry and without 
liability to any person, provided that in giving an opinion of counsel, counsel may 
rely on an Officer's Certificate as to any matters of fact including clauses (i) 
through (iv) above. 
(b) 
Any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary 
(or that is deemed to be incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary that becomes a Restricted 
Subsidiary) as a result of any such transaction undertaken in compliance with this 
Condition 4.4, and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto, shall be 
deemed to have been incurred in compliance with Condition 4.3. 
(c) 
For purposes of this Condition 4.4, the sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer, or 
other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more

--- Page 48 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 40 - 
70-41032542 
 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer, which properties and assets, if held by the Issuer instead of such 
Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the 
Issuer on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all 
of the assets of the Issuer. 
(d) 
In addition, the Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, lease all or substantially all of the 
properties and assets of it and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one or more 
related transactions, to any other Person. 
(e) 
Condition 4.4(a)(iii) and (iv) will not apply to any merger or consolidation of the Issuer 
or any Restricted Subsidiary into an Affiliate solely for the purpose of reincorporating the 
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in another jurisdiction for tax reasons, 
or for the purpose of changing the legal form or the legal domicile of such entity. Nothing 
in the Trust Deed will prevent and this Condition 4.4 will not apply to any Restricted 
Subsidiary that is not the Issuer consolidating with, merging with or into or transferring 
all or part of its properties and assets to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary, or 
another Restricted Subsidiary from merging into the Issuer or another Restricted 
Subsidiary. 
(f) 
The foregoing provisions (other than Condition 4.4(a)(iii)) will not apply to the creation 
of a new subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
4.5 
Asset Sales 
(a) 
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or 
indirectly, consummate an Asset Sale unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer (or the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) receives consideration 
in connection with the Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the 
assets or Equity Interests issued or sold or otherwise disposed of; and 
(ii) 
at least 75 per cent. of the consideration received in the Asset Sale by the Issuer 
or such Restricted Subsidiary is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided 
that: 
(A) 
any Capital Stock or assets of the kind referred to in Conditions 
4.5(b)(i)(C) or 4.5(b)(i)(E) (or any combination thereof); 
(B) 
the amount of any liabilities (as shown on the Issuer's or such Restricted 
Subsidiary's most recent balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto or, if 
incurred or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such 
liabilities that would have been shown on the Issuer's or such Restricted 
Subsidiary's balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence 
or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, 
as determined by the Issuer) of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, 
other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes, that 
are assumed by the transferee of any such assets pursuant to a written 
agreement which releases or indemnifies the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiary from such liabilities; 
(C) 
the amount of any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received 
by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are 
converted by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into Cash 
Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash Equivalents received) within 270 
days following the closing of such Asset Sale; and 
(D) 
the amount of any Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the 
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an 
aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated 
Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (d) that is at that 
time outstanding, not to exceed (at the time of the receipt of such

--- Page 49 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 41 - 
70-41032542 
 
Designated Non-cash Consideration or, at the Issuer's option, at the time 
of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) the greater of (i) EUR60.0 
million and (ii) 2.5 per cent. of Total Assets, 
shall be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for purposes of this provision and for no other 
purpose. 
(b) 
Within 365 days after the later of (A) the date of any Asset Sale and (B) the receipt of any 
Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale, the Issuer (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary, as 
the case may be) may: 
(i) 
apply such Net Proceeds (at the option of the Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary): 
(A) 
to purchase the Notes pursuant to an offer to all Noteholders at a purchase 
price in cash equal to at least 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof, 
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of 
purchase (a "Notes Offer"); 
(B) 
to repay, repurchase, prepay or redeem any Indebtedness that is secured 
by a Security Interest and, if the Indebtedness repaid, repurchased, 
prepaid or redeemed is revolving credit Indebtedness, to correspondingly 
reduce commitments with respect thereto; 
(C) 
to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or any Capital Stock of, 
another Permitted Business, if, after giving effect to any such acquisition 
of Capital Stock, the Permitted Business is or becomes a Restricted 
Subsidiary; 
(D) 
to make capital expenditures; 
(E) 
to acquire other assets (other than Capital Stock) not classified as current 
assets under IFRS that are used in, useful in or related to a Permitted 
Business;  
(F) 
to make (at such time or subsequently in compliance with this Condition 
4.5) an offer to the Noteholders to purchase their Notes in accordance 
with the provisions set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer (which offer 
shall be deemed to be an Asset Sale Offer for purposes hereof); 
(G) 
any combination of the foregoing; or 
(ii) 
to apply the Net Proceeds pursuant to Condition 4.5(b)(i)(C), (D) or (E); provided 
that a binding commitment entered into not later than such 365th day shall be 
treated as a permitted application of the Net Proceeds from the date of such 
commitment so long as the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary enters into such 
commitment with the good faith expectation that such Net Proceeds will be 
applied to satisfy such commitment within 180 days of such commitment (an 
"Acceptable Commitment"); provided, further, that if any Acceptable 
Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before such Net 
Proceeds are applied, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess Proceeds. 
(c) 
Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary 
may temporarily reduce revolving credit borrowings or otherwise invest the Net Proceeds 
in any manner that is not prohibited by the Trust Deed.  
(d) 
Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales that are not applied or invested and within the time 
period set forth in Condition 4.5(b) will constitute "Excess Proceeds". On the 366th day 
from the later of (A) the date of such Asset Sale and (B) the receipt of such Net Proceeds 
in connection with the Asset Sale, or at such earlier date that the Issuer elects, if the 
aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds EUR75.0 million within 15 Business Days 
thereof, the Issuer will make an offer (an "Asset Sale Offer") to Noteholders and may

--- Page 50 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 42 - 
70-41032542 
 
make an offer to all holders of other Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Notes to 
purchase the maximum principal amount of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness 
(plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, 
including premiums, incurred in connection therewith) that may be purchased out of the 
Excess Proceeds. The offer price for the Notes in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 
100 per cent. of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional 
amounts, if any, to the date of purchase, subject to the rights of Noteholders on the relevant 
record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date and will be payable 
in cash. If any Net Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuer 
and its Restricted Subsidiaries may use those Net Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise 
prohibited by the Trust Deed. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari 
passu Indebtedness tendered into (or to be prepaid or redeemed in connection with) such 
Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds or if the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes tendered pursuant to a Notes Offer exceeds the amount of the Net 
Proceeds so applied, the Issuer will select the Notes and such other pari passu 
Indebtedness, if applicable, to be purchased on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes 
issued in global form, based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata 
selection as is fair and appropriate in the circumstances) unless otherwise required by 
applicable law or applicable stock exchange or depositary requirements, based on the 
amounts tendered or required to be prepaid or redeemed. Upon completion of each Asset 
Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset at zero. 
(e) 
The Issuer will comply with the requirements all applicable securities laws and regulations 
thereunder to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the 
repurchase of the Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions 
of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be 
deemed to have breached its obligations described in the Trust Deed by virtue thereof. 
4.6 
Reporting 
For so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will furnish to the Trustee the following reports: 
(a) 
promptly after the occurrence of any material acquisition, disposition or restructuring of 
the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any changes of the chief 
executive officer or chief financial officer at the Issuer or change in auditors of the Issuer 
or any other material event that the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries announces 
publicly, a report containing a description of such event; and 
(b) 
as soon they become available but, in any event, 
(i) 
within 180 days after the end of each of its financial years, a copy of the Issuer's 
audited annual consolidated financial statements for such financial year, together 
with the report thereon by the Issuer's independent auditors; and 
(ii) 
within 90 days after the end of each first half year of each of its financial years, a 
copy of the Issuer's unaudited consolidated financial statements for such six-
month period, 
in each case, prepared in accordance with IFRS and certified in an Officer's Certificate as fairly 
representing the financial position of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the relevant 
date, and the results of operations and changes in financial position of the Issuer and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries for the relevant period then ended, each prepared and presented in 
accordance with the relevant laws of Lithuania.  
The Issuer will also make available copies of all reports required by this Condition 4.6 (i) on the 
Issuer's website and (ii) for so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant stock exchange. The Trustee's receipt of any financial statement or 
other document required to be provided to it under this Condition 4.6 shall be without liability to 
the Trustee and receipt of such financial statements or other documents shall not be deemed to give

--- Page 51 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 43 - 
70-41032542 
 
the Trustee notice of any breach of these Conditions by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries or 
any Event of Default or Default in respect of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries. The Trustee 
shall not be required to review any such financial statements or other documents nor shall the 
Trustee be bound to enquire as to whether any such breach of these Conditions or any Event of 
Default or Default has occurred or may occur on the basis of receipt of such financial statements 
or other documents. 
For purposes of this Condition 4.6, an acquisition or disposition shall be deemed to be material if 
the entity or business acquired or disposed of represents greater than 10.0% of the Issuer’s (a) total 
revenue or Consolidated EBITDA for the Relevant Testing Period; or (b) consolidated assets as of 
the last day of the Relevant Testing Period. 
4.7 
Transactions with Affiliates 
(a) 
The Issuer will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, 
directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction or series of related 
transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, transfer, assignment, lease, 
conveyance or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) which has a value 
in excess of EUR20.0 million with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (an "Affiliate 
Transaction") including, without limitation, intercompany loans, disposals or 
acquisitions, unless: 
(i) 
in the good faith determination by a responsible Officer of the Issuer, the terms 
of such Affiliate Transaction are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that could be obtained (at the time of 
such transaction or, if such transaction is pursuant to a written agreement, at the 
time of the execution of the agreement providing therefor) in a comparable arm's-
length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or such 
Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in the event such Affiliate Transaction involves an aggregate value in excess of 
EUR45.0 million, the terms of such transaction have been approved by a majority 
of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
(b) 
The following items will not be deemed to be Affiliate Transactions and, therefore, will 
not be subject to the provisions of Condition 4.7(a):  
(i) 
any employment, management, consulting, monitoring or advisory agreement 
(including any termination fees), collective bargaining agreement, employee 
benefit plan, officer or director indemnification agreement, including any stock 
option, stock appreciation rights, stock incentive or similar plans or any similar 
arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the 
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and payments or other 
transactions pursuant thereto; 
(ii) 
transactions (including a merger) between or among the Issuer and/or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(iii) 
payment of fees to, reimbursements of expenses and indemnity provided on 
behalf of, officers, directors, employees or consultants of the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(iv) 
the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) or 
Subordinated Shareholder Funding of the Issuer to any Affiliate or to any 
Permitted Holder or to any employee, director, officer, manager or consultant (or 
their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries; 
(v) 
Restricted Payments and Permitted Investments that do not violate Condition 4.2;

--- Page 52 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 44 - 
70-41032542 
 
(vi) 
transactions effected pursuant to or contemplated by agreements or arrangements 
in effect or entered into on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme (or any subsequent amendment thereto (so long as any such 
amendment is not more disadvantageous in any material respect in the good faith 
judgment of the Issuer to the Noteholders when taken as a whole as compared to 
the applicable agreement or arrangement as in effect on the date of the first 
issuance of Notes under the Programme)); 
(vii) 
Hedging Obligations entered into from time to time for bona fide hedging 
purposes and not for speculative purposes of the Issuer and the Restricted 
Subsidiaries and the unwinding of any Hedging Obligations;  
(viii) 
execution, delivery and performance of any consolidated group arrangements for 
tax or accounting purposes, provided that any payments to be made pursuant to 
such arrangements are made in compliance with Condition 4.2; 
(ix) 
transactions in which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor 
stating that such transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from 
a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favourable, 
when taken as a whole, to the Issuer or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary than 
those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or 
such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm's-length basis; 
(x) 
the existence of, or the performance by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any shareholders agreement to 
which it (or any parent company of the Issuer) is a party as of the date of the first 
issuance of Notes under the Programme and any similar agreements which it (or 
any parent company of the Issuer) may enter into thereafter; provided, that the 
existence of, or the performance by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
(or such parent company) of obligations under any future amendment to any such 
existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the date of 
the first issuance of Notes under the Programme shall only be permitted by this 
paragraph to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement 
are not otherwise disadvantageous in any material respect in the good faith 
judgment of the Issuer to the Noteholders when taken as a whole; 
(xi) 
transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners 
or purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other 
labour that are Affiliates, in each case in the ordinary course of business or that 
are consistent with past practice and otherwise in compliance with the terms of 
the Trust Deed which are fair to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in the 
reasonable determination of the Issuer, or are on terms at least as favourable as 
might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; 
(xii) 
any transaction with a joint venture which would constitute an Affiliate 
Transaction solely because the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiary owns an equity 
interest or otherwise controls such joint venture or similar entity; 
(xiii) 
payments and Indebtedness and Disqualified Stock (and cancellation of any 
thereof) of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and preferred stock (and 
cancellation of any thereof) of any Restricted Subsidiary to any future, current or 
former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant (or their respective 
Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any 
management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or 
employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder 
agreement that are, in each case, approved by the Issuer in good faith; and any 
employment agreements, stock option plans and other compensatory 
arrangements (and any successor plans thereto) and any supplemental executive 
retirement benefit plans or arrangements with any such employees, directors,

--- Page 53 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 45 - 
70-41032542 
 
officers, managers or consultants (or their respective permitted transferees) that 
are, in each case, approved by the Issuer in good faith; 
(xiv) 
payments to or from, and transactions with, any joint venture in the ordinary 
course of business or consistent with past practice (including, without limitation, 
any cash management activities related thereto); 
(xv) 
the pledge of Equity Interests of any Unrestricted Subsidiary to lenders to support 
the Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary owed to such lenders; 
(xvi) 
any lease entered into between the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as lessee, 
and any Affiliate of the Issuer, as lessor, provided such lease (i) is entered into in 
the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and (ii) is approved 
by the Issuer in good faith;  
(xvii) 
intellectual property licenses in the ordinary course of business; and 
(xviii) 
investments by Affiliates in Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
(and the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of any Affiliate in 
connection therewith), so long as non-Affiliates were also offered the opportunity 
to invest in such Indebtedness, and transactions with Affiliates solely in their 
capacity as holders of Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, so long 
as such transaction is with all holders of such Indebtedness (and there are such 
non-Affiliate holders) and such Affiliates are treated no more favourably than all 
other holders of such Indebtedness generally. 
4.8 
Suspension of Covenants When Notes Rated Investment Grade 
If on any date following the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme: 
(a) 
the Notes have achieved Investment Grade Status; and 
(b) 
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date, 
then, beginning on that day and continuing until such time, if any, at which the Notes cease 
to have Investment Grade Status (such period, the "Suspension Period"): 
(i) 
the following Conditions will no longer be applicable to the Notes and any related 
default provisions in these Conditions will cease to be effective and will not be 
applicable to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries:  
(A) 
Condition 4.2; 
(B) 
Condition 4.3;  
(C) 
Condition 4.4(a)(iv); 
(D) 
Condition 4.5;  
(E) 
Condition 4.7;  
(F) 
Condition 4.9; and 
(ii) 
Condition 4.1(a) shall be replaced with the following: 
"The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Restricted Subsidiaries will, 
create, incur, assume or permit to subsist any Security Interest to secure any 
Indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, 
notes, or other debt securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be 
or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter or other securities market, other than a Permitted Security 
Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or

--- Page 54 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 46 - 
70-41032542 
 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) without at the same time or prior thereto 
(x) securing all amounts payable by it under the Notes and Coupons equally and 
rateably therewith; or (y) providing such other Security Interest for the payment 
of amounts payable by it as either (i) the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion 
deem not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders." 
Such covenants and any related default provisions will again apply according to their terms from 
the date the Notes cease to have Investment Grade Status (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Condition 4.1 reverting to its original wording) and no action taken or omitted to be taken by the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries prior to such reinstatement will give rise to a Default or 
Event of Default under the Trust Deed; provided that (A) with respect to the Restricted Payments 
made after any such re-application, the amount of Restricted Payments will be calculated as though 
Condition 4.2 had been in effect since the date of the Trust Deed but not during the Suspension 
Period; (B) all Indebtedness incurred, or Disqualified Stock or preferred stock issued, during the 
Suspension Period will be classified to have been incurred or issued pursuant to Condition 
4.3(b)(ii); and (C) any Affiliate Transaction entered into after such reinstatement pursuant to an 
agreement or any other arrangement entered into during any Suspension Period shall be deemed to 
be permitted pursuant to Condition 4.7(a)(vi). Upon the occurrence of a Suspension Period, the 
amount of Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.  
During any period that the foregoing covenants have been suspended, the Issuer may not designate 
any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing upon the occurrence of a Suspension Period and upon 
the end of any such Suspension Period; provided that such notice will not be a precondition of the 
suspension of covenants described under this Condition 4.8. 
4.9 
Anti-Layering 
The Issuer agrees that it will not incur any Indebtedness (including Permitted Debt) that is 
contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer unless such 
Indebtedness is also contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, if any, on 
substantially identical terms; provided, however, that no Indebtedness will be deemed to be 
contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Issuer solely by 
virtue of the application of waterfall or other payment ordering provisions affecting different 
tranches of Indebtedness. 
4.10 
Additional Guarantees 
(a) 
If any Restricted Subsidiary guarantees any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Notes must be 
guaranteed on an equal and rateable basis (or, if such Indebtedness of the Issuer is 
subordinated in right of payment, the Notes will be guaranteed on a priority basis). 
(b) 
Any guarantee of the Notes by a Restricted Subsidiary will be limited as necessary to 
recognise certain defences generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to 
fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate 
purpose, thin capitalisation, distributable reserves, capital maintenance or similar laws, 
regulations or defences affecting the rights of creditors generally) or other considerations 
under applicable law. The Issuer and the relevant Restricted Subsidiaries will use 
reasonable efforts to overcome any such limitations and to assist in demonstrating the 
accrual of adequate corporate  benefit  as  required.  If  any such limitations  apply 
(notwithstanding such reasonable efforts by the Issuer and the relevant Restricted 
Subsidiaries), the relevant guarantee will be limited to the maximum amount that such 
Restricted Subsidiary may provide under applicable law. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be obligated to cause such Restricted 
Subsidiary to guarantee the Notes to the extent and for so long as the incurrence of such 
guarantee of the Notes could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in: (1) any 
violation (or any material risk of any such violation) of applicable law or regulation; (2)

--- Page 55 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 47 - 
70-41032542 
 
any liability (or any material risk of any such liability) for the officers, directors or (except 
in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a partnership) shareholders of such Restricted 
Subsidiary (or, in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a partnership, directors or 
shareholders of the partners of such partnership); (3) any cost, expense, liability or 
obligation which is disproportionate to the benefit accruing to the Noteholders as a result 
of such guarantee other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and other than reasonable 
expenses incurred in connection with any governmental or regulatory filings required as a 
result of, or any measures pursuant to clause (1) of this paragraph undertaken in connection 
with, such guarantee of the Notes, which in any case under any of clauses (1), (2) and (3) 
of this paragraph cannot be avoided through measures reasonably available to the Issuer 
or a Restricted Subsidiary. 
In these Conditions: 
"Acquired Debt" means, with respect to any specified Person: 
(i) 
Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged 
with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, whether 
or not such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, 
such other Person merging with or into, or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of, 
such specified Person; and 
(ii) 
Indebtedness secured by Permitted Security acquired by such specified Person. 
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the 
purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to 
direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and 
"controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Asset Sale" means: 
(i) 
the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of any assets or rights (including 
by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction); provided that the sale, lease, 
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer 
and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be governed by the provisions 
of the Trust Deed described below in Condition 6(h) and/or the provisions 
described in Condition 4.4; and 
(ii) 
the sale by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries of Equity Interests in any of its 
Subsidiaries. 
Notwithstanding the preceding, none of the following items will be deemed to be an Asset 
Sale:  
(i) 
any disposition of Capital Stock, properties or assets in a single transaction or 
series of related transactions with, in aggregate, a Fair Market Value (as 
determined in good faith by the Issuer) of less than the greater of EUR30.0 million 
and 1.3 per cent. of Total Assets; 
(ii) 
any disposition of property or assets or issuance of securities by a Restricted 
Subsidiary to the Issuer or by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted 
Subsidiary; 
(iii) 
sales or dispositions in connection with any factoring (or reverse factoring) 
transaction or in the ordinary course of business; 
(iv) 
the sale or lease of products, services, equipment, accounts receivable or other 
assets in the ordinary course of business;

--- Page 56 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 48 - 
70-41032542 
 
(v) 
any sale or other disposition of damaged, unserviceable, worn-out or obsolete 
property or assets in the ordinary course of business or any disposition of 
inventory or goods (or other assets) held for sale or no longer used or useful in 
the ordinary course of business; 
(vi) 
the sale or other disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade 
Securities in the ordinary course of business; 
(vii) 
the lease, assignment, sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real or personal 
property in the ordinary course of business; 
(viii) 
granting of Permitted Security Interests; 
(ix) 
any issuance or sale of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, 
an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
(x) 
a surrender or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release or surrender of 
contract, tort or other claims of any kind in the ordinary course of business; 
(xi) 
transactions permitted by Condition 4.2 or any Permitted Investment or the 
proceeds of which are used to fund a Restricted Payment and/or Permitted 
Investment; 
(xii) 
sale or discounting of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, 
dispositions of receivables in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or 
similar proceedings;  
(xiii) 
foreclosure, condemnation or any similar action with respect to any property or 
other assets and any sale of assets received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries upon the foreclosure of any Security Interest;  
(xiv) 
unwinding of Hedging Obligations;  
(xv) 
any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Issuer 
or any Restricted Subsidiary after the first issuance of Notes under the Programme, 
including Sale and Lease-Back Transactions; 
(xvi) 
the disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer in a manner 
permitted pursuant to the provisions described in Condition 4.4 or any disposition 
that constitutes a Change of Control pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(xvii) 
any exchange of like property or assets for use in a Permitted Business; 
(xviii) 
sales, transfers and other dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent 
required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements between the 
joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding 
arrangements; 
(xix) 
the abandonment of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, 
which in the reasonable good faith determination of the Issuer are not material to 
the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole; 
(xx) 
the issuance by a Restricted Subsidiary of preferred stock or Disqualified Stock 
that is permitted by Condition 4.3; 
(xxi) 
the issuance of directors' qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals 
as required by applicable law; and

--- Page 57 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 49 - 
70-41032542 
 
(xxii) 
any disposition of assets to a Person who is providing services related to such 
assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Issuer or 
any Restricted Subsidiary to such Person. 
In the event that a transaction (or a portion thereof) meets the criteria of a permitted Asset Sale and 
would also be a permitted Restricted Payment and/or Permitted Investment, the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion, will be entitled to divide and classify such transaction (or a portion thereof) as an Asset 
Sale and/or one or more the types of permitted Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments. 
"Board of Directors" means: 
(i) 
with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any 
committee thereof duly authorised to act on behalf of such board; 
(ii) 
with respect to a partnership, the board of partners (or similar) of the partnership 
or the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership; 
(iii) 
with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members or 
any controlling committee of managing members thereof; and 
(iv) 
with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving 
a similar function. 
"Capital Lease Obligation" means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the 
amount of the liability in respect of a lease  that would at such time be required to be reflected as 
a lease liability in the financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
"Capital Stock" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 
(ii) 
in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, 
participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; 
(iii) 
in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests 
(whether general or limited) or, membership interests; and 
(iv) 
any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a 
share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, 
but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital 
Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any right of participation with 
Capital Stock. 
"Cash Equivalents" means: 
(i) 
United States dollars; 
(ii) 
(a) Canadian dollars, pounds sterling, yen, euros or any national currency of any 
participating member state of the EMU; or (b) in such local currencies held by the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from time to time in the ordinary course of 
business; 
(iii) 
securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government of 
the United States of America, a member state of the European Union, Switzerland 
or Canada (including, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof), as the 
case may be the payment of which is backed by the full faith and credit of the 
United States, the relevant member state of the European Union, Switzerland or 
Canada, as the case may be, having maturities of not more than 24 months from 
the date of acquisition;

--- Page 58 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 50 - 
70-41032542 
 
(iv) 
certificates of deposit, time deposits, euro-dollar time deposits, money market 
deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances (and similar 
instruments) having maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of 
acquisition thereof issued by any commercial bank having capital and surplus of 
not less than EUR250.0 million; 
(v) 
repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in 
paragraphs (iii), (iv), (vii) and (viii) entered into with any financial institution 
meeting the qualifications specified in paragraph (iv) above; 
(vi) 
commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at least P-2 by Moody's 
or at least A-2 by S&P (or, if at any time neither Moody's nor S&P shall be rating 
such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and in each 
case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof;  
(vii) 
marketable short-term money market and similar funds having a rating of at least 
P-2 or A-2 from either Moody's or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither 
Moody's nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from 
another Rating Agency); 
(viii) 
readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or 
territory of the United States or the European Union or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either 
Moody's or S&P (or, if at any time neither Moody's nor S&P shall be rating such 
obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) with maturities of 
24 months or less from the date of acquisition; 
(ix) 
readily marketable direct obligations issued by any foreign government or any 
political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case having an 
Investment Grade Rating from either Moody's or S&P (or, if at any time neither 
Moody's nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from 
another Rating Agency) with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of 
acquisition; 
(x) 
Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of 
acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or 
better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody's (or, if at 
any time neither Moody's nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent 
rating from another Rating Agency); 
(xi) 
securities with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition backed 
by standby letters of credit issued by any financial institution or recognized 
securities dealer meeting the qualifications specified in clause (iv) above; 
(xii) 
Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of "A" or higher 
from S&P or "A2" or higher from Moody's with maturities of 24 months or less 
from the date of acquisition; and 
(xiii) 
interests in any investment company or money market fund which invests 85 per 
cent. or more of its assets in instruments of the type specified in paragraphs (i) 
through (xii) above. 
In the case of any Investments made in a country outside the United States of America, Cash 
Equivalents shall also include (a) investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (i) 
through (viii) and clauses (x), (xi), (xii) and (xiii) above of foreign obligors, which investments or 
obligors (or the parents of such obligors) have ratings described in such clauses or equivalent 
ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (b) other short-term investments utilized by 
Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in 
investments analogous to the foregoing investments in clauses (i) through (xiii) and in this 
paragraph.

--- Page 59 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 51 - 
70-41032542 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies 
other than those set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be 
deemed to be Cash Equivalents for all purposed under the Trust Deed regardless of the treatment 
of such items under IFRS. 
"Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, 
plus the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, without 
duplication (in each case on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS): 
(i) 
provision for all taxes based on income, profits or capital of the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary; plus 
(ii) 
Consolidated Interest Expense for such period (including (x) net losses or 
Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose 
of hedging interest rate risk, (y) bank fees and other financing fees and (z) costs 
of surety bonds in connection with financing activities); plus 
(iii) 
depreciation, amortisation or impairment (including but not limited to 
amortisation of goodwill and intangibles and amortisation and write-off of 
financing costs and write downs and impairment of property, plant, equipment 
and intangibles and other long-lived assets and the impact of purchase accounting 
on the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period) and any non-cash 
charges, non-cash losses, or non-cash provisions for reserves for discontinued 
operations, in each case, other than any non-cash items for which a future cash 
payment will be required and for which an accrual or reserve is required by IFRS 
to be made, to the extent that such depreciation, amortisation and other non-cash 
expenses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus 
(iv) 
any other non-cash charges, including any write-offs or write-downs reducing 
Consolidated Net Income for such period (provided, that if any such non-cash 
charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future 
period, (A) the Issuer may elect not to add back such non-cash charge in the 
current period and (B) to the extent the Issuer elects to add back such non-cash 
charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be 
subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding 
amortisation of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period); plus 
(v) 
the amount of any non-controlling interest or minority interest expense consisting 
of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in 
any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary; plus 
(vi) 
the amount of any management, monitoring, consulting or advisory fees; plus 
(vii) 
the amount of loss or discount on sale of receivables; plus 
(viii) 
any expenses or charges related to the offering of any Capital Stock (to the extent 
the proceeds thereof were contributed to the equity capital of the Issuer or its 
Restricted Subsidiaries), any Permitted Investment or Permitted Debt; plus 
(ix) 
any net loss from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations; plus 
(x) 
interest income or investment earnings on intellectual property, royalty or license 
receivables; plus 
(xi) 
all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid in connection with any 
early extinguishment of Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments; 
minus 
(xii) 
any foreign currency translation gains; minus

--- Page 60 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 52 - 
70-41032542 
 
(xiii) 
any extraordinary, exceptional or unusual gain; minus 
(other than any non-cash items reducing such Consolidated Net Income pursuant to paragraphs (i) 
– (xx) of the definition thereof) non-cash items increasing such Consolidated Net Income for such 
period, other than any items which represent the reversal in such period of any accrual of, or cash 
reserve for, anticipated charges in any prior period where such accrual or reserve is no longer 
required. 
"Consolidated Interest Expense" means, for any period (in each case, determined on the basis of 
IFRS), the consolidated net interest income/expense of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, 
whether paid or accrued (excluding debt issuance costs but including, without limitation, 
amortisation of original issue discount, additional amounts, non-cash interest payments, the interest 
component of any deferred payment obligations (which shall be deemed to be equal to the principal 
of any such payment obligation less the amount of such principal discounted to net present value 
at an interest rate (equal to the interest rate on one-year EURIBOR at the date of determination) on 
an annualised basis), plus or including (without duplication) any interest, costs and charges 
consisting of: 
(i) 
interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations; 
(ii) 
amortisation of debt discount, debt issuance cost and premium; 
(iii) 
non-cash interest expense; 
(iv) 
commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to 
financings not included in paragraph (ii) above; 
(v) 
costs associated with Hedging Obligations; 
(vi) 
dividends on other distributions in respect of all Disqualified Stock of the Issuer 
and all preferred stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent held by Persons 
other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
(vii) 
the consolidated interest expense that was capitalised during such period; and 
(viii) 
interest actually paid by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary under any 
guarantee of Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person. 
"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the aggregate of the net income (loss) of the 
Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in 
accordance with IFRS and without any reduction in respect of preferred stock dividends; provided 
that, without duplication: 
(i) 
the net income (loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, or is 
an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of 
accounting shall be excluded; provided, that Consolidated Net Income of such 
Person shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other 
payments (other than Excluded Contributions) that are actually paid in cash (or to 
the extent converted into cash) or that could, in the reasonable determination of 
management, have been distributed to such Person or a Restricted Subsidiary 
thereof in respect of such period; 
(ii) 
solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted 
Payments under Condition 4.2(b)(iii) any net income of any Restricted Subsidiary 
will be excluded if such Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, 
on the payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted 
Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer by operation of the terms of such 
Restricted Subsidiary's charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, 
order, statute or governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Restricted 
Subsidiary or its shareholders (other than (a) restrictions that have been waived 
or otherwise released, (b) restrictions pursuant to the Notes or the Trust Deed, (c)

--- Page 61 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 53 - 
70-41032542 
 
contractual restrictions in effect on the date of the first issuance of Notes under 
the Programme with respect to the Restricted Subsidiary and other restrictions 
with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary that taken as a whole, are not materially 
less favourable to the holders of the Notes than such restrictions in effect on the 
date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme or (d) restrictions 
pursuant to applicable law, rule, regulation or order or the terms of any license, 
authorization, concession or permit), except that the Issuer's equity in the net 
income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in such 
Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents 
actually distributed or that could have been distributed by such Restricted 
Subsidiary during such period to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary as a 
dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a dividend to another 
Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained in this paragraph); 
(iii) 
any net gain (loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any asset or 
disposed operations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiaries which is not sold 
or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good 
faith by the Issuer) will be excluded; 
(iv) 
any one-time non-cash charges or any amortisation or depreciation resulting from 
purchase accounting, in each case, in relation to any acquisition of, or merger or 
consolidation with, another Person or business or resulting from any 
reorganization or restructuring involving the Issuer or its Subsidiaries will be 
excluded; 
(v) 
the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and changes as a result 
of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period will be 
excluded; 
(vi) 
any extraordinary, exceptional or nonrecurring gains or losses or any charges in 
respect of any restructuring, redundancy or severance (in each case as determined 
in good faith by the Issuer) will be excluded; 
(vii) 
any unrealized gains or losses in respect of Hedging Obligations or any 
ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to qualifying hedge transactions or 
the fair value or changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not 
qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of Hedging Obligations will 
be excluded; 
(viii) 
any non-cash compensation charge or expenses arising from any grant of stock, 
stock options or other equity-based awards will be excluded; 
(ix) 
any goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges will be excluded;  
(x) 
all deferred financing costs written off and premium paid in connection with any 
early extinguishment of Indebtedness and any net gain or loss from any write-off 
or forgiveness of Indebtedness will be excluded; 
(xi) 
any after-tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains or losses (less 
all fees and expenses relating thereto), charges or expenses (including relating to 
any multi-year strategic initiatives), transaction expenses, restructuring and 
duplicative running costs, relocation costs, integration costs, facility 
consolidation and closing costs, severance costs and expenses, one-time 
compensation charges, costs relating to pre-opening and opening costs for 
facilities, signing, retention and completion bonuses, costs incurred in connection 
with any strategic initiatives, transition costs, costs incurred in connection with 
acquisitions and non-recurring product and intellectual property development, 
other business optimization expenses (including costs and expenses relating to 
business optimization programs and new systems design, retention charges, 
system establishment costs and implementation costs) and operating expenses

--- Page 62 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 54 - 
70-41032542 
 
attributable to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives, and curtailments or 
modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans will be 
excluded; 
(xii) 
effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to 
such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in such Person's consolidated 
financial statements pursuant to IFRS (including in the inventory (including any 
impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods, including changes in 
capitalisation of variances), property and equipment, software, goodwill, 
intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue and debt 
line items thereof) resulting from the application of recapitalisation accounting or 
purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to any consummated 
acquisition or joint venture investment or the amortisation or write-off or write-
down of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, will be excluded; 
(xiii) 
any after-tax effect of income (loss) from the early extinguishment or conversion 
of (i) Indebtedness, (ii) Hedging Obligations or (iii) other derivative instruments 
will be excluded; 
(xiv) 
any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down, including impairment 
charges or asset write-offs or write-downs related to intangible assets, long-lived 
assets, investments in debt and equity securities and investments recorded using 
the equity method or as a result of a change in law or regulation, in each case, 
pursuant to IFRS, and the amortisation of intangibles arising pursuant to IFRS 
will be excluded; 
(xv) 
any equity-based or non-cash compensation charge or expense including any such 
charge or expense arising from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock 
options, restricted stock or other rights or equity incentive programs, and any cash 
charges associated with the rollover acceleration, or pay-out of Equity Interests 
by management, other employees or business partners of the Issuer will be 
excluded; 
(xvi) 
any fees, expenses, premiums (including tender premiums) or charges incurred 
during such period, or any amortisation thereof for such period, in connection 
with any acquisition, recapitalisation, Investment, Asset Sale, disposition, 
incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (including such fees, expenses or 
charges related to the offering and issuance of the Notes and the syndication and 
incurrence of any Credit Facilities), issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing 
transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (including any 
amendment or other modification of the Notes and other securities and any Credit 
Facilities) and including, in each case, any such transaction consummated on or 
prior to the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme and any such 
transaction undertaken but not completed, and any charges or non-recurring 
merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in 
each case whether or not successful or consummated, will be excluded; 
(xvii) 
any expenses, charges or losses to the extent covered by insurance or indemnity 
and actually reimbursed, or, so long as such Person has made a determination that 
there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by 
the insurer or indemnifying party and only to the extent that such amount is in 
fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of the insurable or indemnifiable event 
(net of any amount so added back in any prior period to the extent not so 
reimbursed within the applicable 365-day period), will be excluded; 
(xviii) 
any noncash compensation expense resulting from the application of accounting 
principles relating to the expensing of stock-related compensation will be 
excluded;

--- Page 63 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 55 - 
70-41032542 
 
(xix) 
the impact of capitalised, accrued or accreting on pay-in-kind interest or principal 
on Subordinated Shareholder Funding will be excluded; and 
(xx) 
all fair value adjustments on investment properties will be excluded.  
In addition, to the extent not already included in the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and 
its Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Consolidated 
Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received from business interruption insurance 
and reimbursements of any expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification or other 
reimbursement provisions in connection with any acquisition, Investment or any sale, conveyance, 
transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under the Trust Deed.  
"Consolidated Net Leverage" means as of any date of determination, the sum of the total amount 
of Indebtedness (excluding (i) Hedging Obligations and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, any other 
Indebtedness of the type specified in sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of Permitted Debt), 
reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such 
date (excluding the notes thereto), calculated on a consolidated basis on the basis of IFRS, less 
cash, Cash Equivalents of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis on the 
basis of IFRS (other than cash, Cash Equivalents which are the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred 
on the date of determination in respect of which the calculation of the Consolidated Net Leverage 
Ratio is to be made).  
"Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio" means as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a)(i) the 
Consolidated Net Leverage of the Issuer on such date plus (ii) the Reserved Indebtedness Amount 
in respect of Indebtedness that, once incurred, would be included in the calculation of Consolidated 
Net Leverage to (b) the Consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer for the Relevant Testing Period. 
For purposes of the calculation of such ratio:  
(i) 
in the event that the specified Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs, assumes, 
guarantees, repays, repurchases, redeems, defeases or otherwise discharges any 
Indebtedness (other than ordinary course working capital borrowings) or issues, 
repurchases or redeems preferred stock subsequent to the commencement of the period for 
which the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is being calculated and on or prior to the date 
on which the event for which the calculation of the ratio is made (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Calculation Date"), then the ratio will be calculated giving pro forma 
effect (as determined in good faith by a responsible accounting or financial officer of the 
Issuer) to such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, repayment, repurchase, redemption, 
defeasance or other discharge of Indebtedness, or such issuance, repurchase or redemption 
of preferred stock, and the use of the proceeds therefrom, as if the same had occurred at 
the beginning of the Relevant Testing Period; provided, however, that the pro forma 
calculation of the ratio shall not give effect to the discharge on the Calculation Date of any 
Indebtedness to the extent that such discharge results from the proceeds incurred pursuant 
to the provisions described in Condition 4.3(b); 
(ii) 
for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Interest Expense for 
such period, if, as of such date of determination: 
(1) 
since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has 
disposed of any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an 
operating unit of a business or site (any such disposition, a "Sale") or if the 
transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the ratio is such a Sale, (a) 
Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject 
of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated 
EBITDA (if negative) attributable  thereto  for  such  period;  provided  that  if 
any such sale constitutes "discontinued operations" in accordance with IFRS, 
Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Consolidated Net Income (if positive) attributable to such operations for such 
period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income (if

--- Page 64 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 56 - 
70-41032542 
 
negative) attributable thereto for such period; and (b) the Consolidated Interest 
Expense for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated 
Interest Expense directly attributable to any Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any 
Restricted Subsidiary repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with 
respect to the Issuer and the continuing Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with 
such Sale for such period (or, if the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary is 
sold, the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period directly attributable to the 
Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Issuer and the 
continuing Restricted Subsidiaries are no longer liable for such Indebtedness after 
such Sale); 
(2) 
since the beginning of such period, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by 
merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes 
a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or 
any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business or site (any such 
Investment or acquisition, a "Purchase"), including any such Purchase occurring 
in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, 
Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period will be 
calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto, as if such Purchase occurred on 
the first day of such period; and 
(3) 
since the beginning of such period, any Person (that became a Restricted 
Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period) will have made any Sale 
or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or 
(2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of 
such period, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such 
period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto, as if such Sale or 
Purchase occurred on the first day of such period; 
(iii) 
if any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, 
the interest expense on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on the 
date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account 
any Hedging Obligation applicable to such Indebtedness for a period equal to the 
remaining term of such Indebtedness); and 
(iv) 
in determining the amount of Indebtedness outstanding on any date of determination, pro 
forma effect shall be given to any incurrence, repayment, repurchase, defeasance or other 
acquisition, retirement or discharge of Indebtedness, or the deemed incurrence of any 
Reserved Indebtedness Amount, as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the 
relevant period; provided, however, that solely for the purpose of the covenant described 
under Condition 4.3(a), pro forma effect shall not be given to (1) any Indebtedness 
incurred on the date of the pro forma calculations pursuant to Condition 4.3(b) (other than 
Condition 4.3(b)(ix)) and (2) the discharge on the date of the pro forma calculations of 
any Indebtedness to the extent that such Indebtedness was incurred pursuant to Condition 
4.3(b) (other than Condition 4.3(b)(ix)), 
the adjustments set out in the foregoing paragraphs (i) - (iv), collectively being referred to as the 
“Pro Forma Calculation Adjustments”). 
For the purposes of this definition calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible 
financial or accounting officer of the Issuer . 
"Consolidated Secured Leverage" means, without duplication, the aggregate outstanding Secured 
Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding Hedging Obligations) on a 
consolidated basis on the basis of IFRS. 
"Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio" means as of any date of determination the ratio of (a) 
the Consolidated Secured Leverage on such date to (b) the Consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer for 
the Relevant Testing Period.

--- Page 65 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 57 - 
70-41032542 
 
The calculation of the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall be made subject to the applicable 
Pro Forma Calculation Adjustments as set out in the definition of the Consolidated Net Leverage 
Ratio above. 
For the purposes of this definition calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible 
financial or accounting officer of the Issuer. 
"Contingent Obligations" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person 
guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness 
("primary obligations") of any other Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether 
directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not 
contingent,  
(1)  
to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect 
security therefor; 
(2)  
to advance or supply funds, 
(a) 
for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or 
(b) 
to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise 
to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, or 
(3)  
to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the 
owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make 
payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. 
"Credit Facility" means one or more debt facilities, instruments or arrangements or any revolving 
credit facility or commercial paper facilities, overdraft facilities, indentures or trust deeds, in each 
case with banks or other institutional lenders or investors providing for revolving credit loans, term 
loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such lenders or to special 
purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables), inventory 
financing, letters of credit, bonds, notes, debentures or other corporate debt instruments or other 
Indebtedness, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced (whether 
upon or after termination or otherwise) or refinanced (including by means of sales of debt securities 
to institutional investors) in whole or in part from time to time in one or more agreements or 
indentures (in each case with the same or new lenders or institutional investors or investors), 
including any agreement or indenture extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all 
or any portion of the Indebtedness thereunder, increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder, 
altering the maturity thereof, adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers, issuers or 
guarantors thereunder or otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof. 
"Default" means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would 
be, an Event of Default. 
"Designated Non-cash Consideration" means the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration 
received by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is so 
designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer's Certificate, setting forth 
the basis of such valuation, executed by a principal financial or accounting officer of the Issuer, 
less the amount of Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale, redemption or 
repurchase of or collection or payment on such Designated Non-cash Consideration. 
"Designated Preferred Stock" means preferred stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) 
that is issued for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan 
or trust established by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated 
Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officer's Certificate executed by a principal financial or accounting 
officer of the Issuer or the applicable parent company thereof, as the case may be, on the issuance 
date thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in Condition 
4.2(b)(iii).

--- Page 66 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 58 - 
70-41032542 
 
"Disqualified Stock" means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security 
into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case, at the option of the holder 
of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable; 
pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder of the 
Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the date on which the 
Notes mature; provided, that only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily 
redeemable, or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date, will be 
deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Capital Stock that 
would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders of the Capital Stock have the right 
to require the Issuer to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of a change of control 
or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Capital Stock provide 
that the Issuer may not repurchase or redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions 
unless such repurchase or redemption complies with Condition 4.2. For purposes hereof, the 
amount of Disqualified Stock which does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock as if such Disqualified Stock were purchased 
on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to the Trust Deed 
and/or these Conditions, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the Fair Market Value of 
such Disqualified Stock, such Fair Market Value to be determined as set forth herein.  
"EMU" means economic and monetary union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union. 
"Equity Interests" means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital 
Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 
"Equity Offering" means any public or private sale or issuance of common stock or preferred 
stock of the Issuer or any of its Holding Companies (excluding Disqualified Stock), other than: 
(1)  
public offerings with respect to the Issuer's or any Holding Company's common stock 
registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8;  
(2)  
issuances to any Subsidiary of the Issuer; and 
(3)  
any such public or private sale or issuance that constitutes an Excluded Contribution. 
"Excluded Contributions" means Net Proceeds or property or assets received by the Issuer as 
capital contributions to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock) of the 
Issuer after the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme or from the issuance or 
sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established 
by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded 
by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the 
Issuer, in each case, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution pursuant to an Officer's 
Certificate of the Issuer. 
"Existing Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in 
existence as of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme after giving effect to the use of 
proceeds of the offering of the Notes on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
"Fair Market Value" means the value that would be paid by a willing buyer to an unaffiliated 
willing seller in a transaction not involving distress or necessity of either party, as determined in 
good faith by a responsible accounting or financial officer of the Issuer or by the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer. 
"Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the 
ratio of the Consolidated EBITDA of such Person for such period to the Consolidated Interest 
Expense of such Person for such period.  
The calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be made subject to the applicable Pro 
Forma Calculation Adjustments as set out in the definition of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 
above.

--- Page 67 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 59 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
For the purposes of this definition calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible 
 
financial or accounting officer of the Issuer. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
"Hedging Obligations" means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person 
under any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, 
commodity swap agreement, commodity cap agreement, commodity collar agreement, foreign 
exchange contract, currency swap agreement or similar agreement providing for the transfer, 
modification or mitigation of interest rate, currency or commodity risks either generally or under 
specific contingencies. 
"Holding Company" means any Person that is a direct or indirect parent company of the relevant 
Person. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European Union 
or any variation thereof with which the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries are, or may be, required 
to comply; provided, that at any date after the Issue Date, the Issuer may make an irrevocable 
election to establish that "IFRS" shall mean IFRS as in effect on a date that is on or prior to the 
date of such election (a "One-Time Election"). The Issuer shall promptly give notice of a One-
Time Election to the Trustee. 
"Immediate Family Members" means with respect to any individual, such individual's child, 
stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former 
spouse, qualified domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-
in-law (including adoptive relationships) and any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-
planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals or any private 
foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund 
of which any such individual is the donor. 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any specified Person, on any date of determination: 
(i) 
the principal amount in respect of borrowed money; 
(ii) 
evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments; 
(iii) 
representing reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit, banker's 
acceptances or similar instruments (the amount of such obligations being equal at 
any time to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such letters of 
credit or other instruments plus the aggregate amount of drawings thereunder that 
have been reimbursed) (except to the extent any such reimbursement obligations 
relate to trade payables and such obligations are satisfied within 60 days of 
incurrence), in each case only to the extent that the underlying obligation in 
respect of which the instrument was issued would be treated as Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
representing Capital Lease Obligations; 
(v) 
representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property 
or services (except trade payables), where the deferred payment is arranged 
primarily as a means of raising finance, which purchase price is due more than 
one year after the date of placing such property in service or taking final delivery 
and title thereto; 
(vi) 
the principal component or liquidation preference of all obligations of such 
Person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other repurchase of any 
Disqualified Stock or, with respect to any Subsidiary, any preferred stock (but 
excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends); 
(vii) 
representing any Hedging Obligations;

--- Page 68 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 60 - 
70-41032542 
 
(viii) 
the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a lien on 
any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such 
Person; provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser 
of (a) the Fair Market Value of such asset at such date of determination and (b) 
the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons; and 
(ix) 
the principal component of Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent guaranteed 
by such Person, 
provided that the foregoing indebtedness (other than Hedging Obligations) shall be 
included in this definition of Indebtedness only if, and to the extent that, the indebtedness 
would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. 
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, the term "Indebtedness" 
excludes any accrued expenses and trade payables. 
The aggregate amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any time in the case of a revolving 
credit or similar facility shall be equal to the total amount of funds borrowed and then 
outstanding. 
The term Indebtedness shall not include: 
(i) 
any lease, concession or license of property (or guarantee thereof) which would 
be considered a lease under IFRS as in effect on the date of the first issuance of 
Notes under the Programme; 
(ii) 
any contingent obligations in respect of workers' compensation claims, early 
retirement or termination obligations, pension fund obligations or contributions, 
or similar claims, obligations or contributions or social security or wage taxes; 
(iii) 
Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, obligations 
under or in respect of securitisation transactions and accrued liabilities incurred 
in the ordinary course of business that are not more than 120 days past due; 
(iv) 
Subordinated Shareholder Funding; 
(v) 
obligations under any license, permit, or other approval (or guarantees given in 
respect of such obligations) incurred prior to the date of the first issuance of Notes 
under the Programme or in the ordinary course of business; 
(vi) 
deferred or prepaid revenues; 
(vii) 
Indebtedness in respect of the incurrence by the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary of Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, performance bonds or 
surety bonds provided by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary 
course of business to the extent such letters of credit or bonds are not drawn upon 
or, if and to the extent drawn upon are honoured in accordance with their terms 
and if to be reimbursed, are reimbursed no later than 30 days following receipt by 
such Person of a demand for reimbursement following payment on the letter of 
credit or bond; 
(viii) 
Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with 
a transaction where a substantially concurrent Investment is made by the Issuer 
or a Restricted Subsidiary in the form of cash deposited with the lender of such 
Indebtedness, or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, in an amount equal to such 
Indebtedness;  
(ix) 
in connection with the purchase by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the 
Issuer of any business, any post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller 
may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing

--- Page 69 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 61 - 
70-41032542 
 
balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after 
the closing; provided, however, that at the time of closing, the amount of any such 
payment is not determinable and, to the extent such payment thereafter becomes 
fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 180 days thereafter; or 
(x) 
prepayments of deposits received from clients or customers in the ordinary course 
of business. 
"Independent Financial Advisor" means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm of 
nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Issuer, qualified to perform 
the task for which it has been engaged. 
"Initial Public Offering" means an Equity Offering of common stock or other common equity 
interests of the Issuer (or any successor of the Issuer) or any Holding Company of the Issuer (or 
any successor of the Holding Company of the Issuer) that has been established for purposes of an 
Equity Offering (the "IPO Entity") as a result of which, the shares of common stock or other 
common equity interests of the IPO Entity in such offering are listed on an internationally 
recognized exchange or traded on an internationally recognized market (including, but not limited 
to, any internationally recognized market in the European Union (as of the date of the first issuance 
of Notes under the Programme)). 
"IPO Capitalisation" means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding 
shares of common stock or common equity interests of the IPO Entity at the time of closing of the 
IPO Event multiplied by (ii) the price per share at which such shares of common stock or common 
equity interests are sold in such Initial Public Offering. 
"IPO Event" means the occurrence of an Initial Public Offering. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by 
Moody's and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or if the applicable securities are not then rated by 
Moody's or S&P an equivalent rating by any other rating agency. 
"Investment Grade Securities" means: 
(xi) 
securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the European 
Union or any member of the European Union (as at the date of the first issuance 
of Notes under the programme), the United States, Canada, Switzerland, Norway, 
Japan, Singapore or any agency thereof (other than Cash Equivalents); 
(xii) 
debt securities or debt instruments with a rating of "A-" or higher from S&P or 
"A3" higher by Moody's or the equivalent of such rating by such rating 
organisation or, if no rating of Moody's or S&P then exists, the equivalent rating 
by any other rating agency, but excluding any debt securities or instruments 
constituting loans or advances among the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(xiii) 
investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type 
described in (i) and (ii) above which fund may also hold cash and Cash 
Equivalents pending investment or distribution; and 
(xiv) 
any investment in repurchase obligations with respect to any securities of the type 
described in clauses (i) and (ii) above which are collateralized at par or over. 
"Investment Grade Status" shall occur when the Notes receive an investment grade ratings from 
any two rating agencies rating the Notes, which as at the date of the first issuance of Notes under 
the Programme means "BBB-" or better by Fitch and "BBB-" or better by S&P (or, if either entity 
ceases to rate the Notes, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other rating agency 
provided that at all times two investment grade ratings will be required in order for the Notes to be 
defined as having Investment Grade Status). 
"Investments" means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons 
(including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including guarantees), advances or capital contributions

--- Page 70 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 62 - 
70-41032542 
 
(excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, commission, travel and similar 
advances to employees, directors, officers, managers and consultants, in each case made in the 
ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, 
Equity Interests or other securities issued by any other Person and investments that are required by 
IFRS to be classified on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes) of the Issuer in the same 
manner as the other investments included in this definition to the extent such transactions involve 
the transfer of cash or other property; provided, however, that endorsements of negotiable 
instruments and documents in the ordinary course of business will not be deemed to be an 
Investment. For purposes of the definition of "Unrestricted Subsidiary" and Condition 4.2: 
(xv) 
"Investments" will include the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest 
in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the 
Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary at the time that 
such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, 
however, that upon a re-designation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, 
the Issuer will be deemed to continue to have a permanent "Investment" in an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Issuer's 
"Investment" in such Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation less (b) the 
portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair 
Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary 
is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary; 
(xvi) 
any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at 
its Fair Market Value at the time of such transfer; and  
(xvii) 
if the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any 
Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving 
effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment 
by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving 
effect thereto shall not be deemed to be a new Investment at such time. 
The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment, 
reduced by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other 
amount received in Cash Equivalents by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such 
Investment. 
"Market Capitalisation" means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding 
shares of Capital Stock of the IPO Entity on the date of the declaration of the relevant dividend 
multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such Capital Stock for the 
30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such dividend; or, if 
greater, the IPO Capitalisation. 
"Net Proceeds" means the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale (including, without limitation, any cash received upon the 
sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration or any Cash Equivalents received in any 
Asset Sale or other disposition of any Designated Non-cash Consideration received in any Asset 
Sale), net of the direct costs relating to such Asset Sale and the sale or disposition of such 
Designated Non-cash Consideration, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
all legal, accounting, investment banking, commissions and other fees and 
expenses incurred, title and recording tax expenses, and all federal, state, 
provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be paid or accrued as a liability 
under IFRS, as a consequence of such Asset Sale after taking into account any 
available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements; 
(ii) 
all payments made on any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to 
such Asset Sale, in accordance with the terms of any Security Interest upon such 
assets, or which must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary consent to 
such Asset Sale, or by applicable law be repaid out of the proceeds from such 
Asset Sale;

--- Page 71 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 63 - 
70-41032542 
 
(iii) 
all distributions and other payments required to be made to holders of minority 
interests in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Asset Sale; and 
(iv) 
the deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by the seller as a reserve, in 
accordance with IFRS, or held in escrow, in either case for adjustment in respect 
of the sale price or for any liabilities associated with the assets disposed of in such 
Asset Sale and retained by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer 
after such Asset Sale. 
"Officer" means, with respect to any Person, (1) any member or director of the Board of Directors, 
the general manager (generalinis direktorius), the chief executive officer, the president, the chief 
financial officer, any vice president, the treasurer, any managing director, the secretary or the 
equivalent position of any of the foregoing (a) of such Person or (b) if such Person is owned or 
managed by a single entity, of such entity, or (2) any other individual designated in writing to the 
Trustee as an "Officer" for the purposes of the Trust Deed by the Board of Directors of such Person. 
"Officer's Certificate" means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Officer of 
such Person.  
"Permitted Business" means (1) any business activities engaged in or proposed to be engaged in 
on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the Programme by the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries 
or joint ventures or similar entities (as well as any business activities engaged in by entities in 
which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries has an investment) or (2) any business activities that are 
reasonably related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to the foregoing or are 
reasonable extensions, developments, evolutions or expansions of any thereof. 
"Permitted Investments" means:  
(i) 
any Investment in the Issuer or in a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
any Investment in cash and Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities; 
(iii) 
any Investment by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in any 
Person if as a result of such Investment: 
(A) 
such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
such Person is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or 
transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, 
the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
any Investment made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from an 
Asset Sale that was made pursuant to and in compliance with Condition 4.5; 
(v) 
any acquisition of assets or Capital Stock solely in exchange for the issuance of 
Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
any Investments received in compromise or resolution of (A) obligations of trade 
creditors or customers that were incurred in the ordinary course of business of the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including pursuant to any plan of 
reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any 
trade creditor or customer; or (B) litigation, arbitration or other disputes with 
Persons who are not Affiliates; 
(vii) 
Investments represented by Hedging Obligations, which are permitted by 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi); 
(viii) 
receivables owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired 
in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance 
with customary trade terms; provided, however, that such trade terms may include

--- Page 72 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 64 - 
70-41032542 
 
such concessionary trade terms as the Issuer or any such Restricted Subsidiary 
deems reasonable under the circumstances; 
(ix) 
surety and performance bonds and workers' compensation, utility, lease, tax, 
performance and similar deposits and prepaid expenses in the ordinary course of 
business; 
(x) 
guarantees of Indebtedness, keep-wells and similar arrangements permitted under 
Condition 4.3; 
(xi) 
Investments of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the date of the 
first issuance of Notes under the Programme or of any entity merged into the 
Issuer or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with a Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 4.4 to the extent that such 
Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such 
acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation and were in existence on the 
date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation; 
(xii) 
Investments received as a result of a foreclosure by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment in default; 
(xiii) 
any Investment existing on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme and any Investment consisting of an extension, modification or 
renewal of any Investment existing on, or made pursuant to a binding 
commitment existing on, the date of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme; provided that the amount of any such Investment may be increased 
(a) as required by the terms of such Investment as in existence on the date of the 
first issuance of Notes under the Programme or (b) as otherwise permitted under 
the Trust Deed; 
(xiv) 
Investments in the Notes and any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
(xv) 
loans and advances to employees, directors, officers, managers and consultants 
(a) for business related travel expenses, moving expenses and other similar 
expenses or payroll advances, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of 
business or consistent with past practices or (b) to fund such Person's purchase of 
Equity Interests of the Issuer or in any management equity vehicle so investing in 
such Equity Interests; 
(xvi) 
Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets or services 
(including, but not limited to, inventory, real estate, supplies, materials and 
equipment or purchases of contract rights or licenses or leases of intellectual 
property) in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practise; 
(xvii) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, Investments in any businesses, services and activities that are 
related, complimentary or incidental to those engaged in by the Issuer or any of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries or are extensions or developments of any thereof 
whether by way of joint venture or a minority interest in a Subsidiary provided 
that the Investments made pursuant to this paragraph (xvii) at any one time do not 
exceed the greater of (i) EUR60.0 million and (ii) 2.5 per cent. of Total Assets;  
(xviii) 
prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and 
workers' compensation, performance and similar deposits made in the ordinary 
course of business by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer;  
(xix) 
so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would 
be caused thereby, any bona fide Investments in any Person having an aggregate 
Fair Market Value (measured on the date each such Investment was made and 
without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), when taken together with

--- Page 73 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 65 - 
70-41032542 
 
all other Investments made pursuant to this paragraph (xix) that are outstanding 
not to exceed EUR60.0 million in aggregate at any one time; 
(xx) 
any Investment acquired by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries: (a) 
consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes 
receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 
(b) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable, indorsements for 
collection or deposit held by the Issuer or any such Restricted Subsidiary in 
connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or 
recapitalisation of the issuer of such other Investment or accounts receivable 
(including any trade creditor or customer); or (c) in satisfaction of judgments 
against other Persons; or (d) as a result of a foreclosure by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer 
of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; 
(xxi) 
Investments the payment for which consists of Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer; provided, that such Equity Interests will not 
increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under Condition 4.2(b)(iii); 
(xxii) 
any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted by and 
made in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.7(b) (except transactions 
described in clauses (v), (ix) and (xi) of Condition 4.7(b)); 
(xxiii) 
Investments (including obligations under Indebtedness and Equity Interests) 
received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and 
customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, 
customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent 
with past practice or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment 
or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment; 
(xxiv) 
advances, loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business or 
consistent with past practice by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(xxv) 
Investments made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past 
practice in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contacts; 
(xxvi) 
Investments in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice 
consisting of endorsements for collection of deposit and customary trade 
arrangements with customers consistent with past practices; and 
(xxvii) Investments consisting of promissory notes issued by the Issuer to future, present 
or former officers, directors and employees, members of management, or 
consultants of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective estates, 
spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity 
Interests of the Issuer to the extent the applicable Restricted Payment is permitted 
by Condition 4.2, 
provided, however, that with respect to any Investment, the Issuer may, in its sole 
discretion, allocate all or any portion of any Investment to one or more of the above 
paragraphs (i) through (xxvii) so that the entire Investment would be a Permitted 
Investment.  
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries issued in exchange for or to replace (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Indebtedness that may be incurred from time to time to replace other Indebtedness that has 
already been repaid, terminated, discharged or cancelled), or the net proceeds of which are used to 
extend, renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange, defease or discharge, other Indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (for the avoidance of doubt, including Indebtedness 
re-drawn to replace other Indebtedness) (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that:

--- Page 74 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 66 - 
70-41032542 
 
(i) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable, or if issued with 
original issue discount, aggregate issue price) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if 
applicable, or if issued with original issue discount, aggregate issue price) of the 
Indebtedness being extended, renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, 
exchanged, defeased or discharged (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness 
and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in 
connection therewith); 
(ii) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has (a) a final maturity date that is either 
(i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the Indebtedness being renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged, defeased or discharged or (ii) after the 
final maturity date of the Notes and (b) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity 
that is greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness 
being extended, renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged; 
and 
(iii) 
if the Indebtedness being extended, renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, 
defeased or discharged is expressly contractually subordinated in right of payment 
to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes on terms at least as favourable to the Noteholders as those 
contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being extended, 
renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged, defeased or discharged. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
Security Interests existing on the date of the first issuance of Notes under the 
Programme; 
(ii) 
Security Interests existing on any property, income or assets of any person at the 
time such person becomes a member of the Group or such property, income or 
assets are acquired by any member of the Group, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such event and that no such Security 
Interest shall extend to other property, income or assets of such person or the 
Group; 
(iii) 
Security Interests in favour of the Issuer or any other member of the Group; 
(iv) 
Security Interests securing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness; provided that 
any such Security Interest is limited to all or part of the same property or assets 
that secured the Indebtedness being exchanged, replaced, extended, renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, defeased or discharged or is otherwise in respect of property 
or assets that is or could be the security for or subject to a Permitted Security 
Interest hereunder; 
(v) 
Security Interests on property or other assets at the time the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary acquired the property or such other assets, including any acquisition 
by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Issuer or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, that such Security Interests are not 
created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition, 
amalgamation, merger or consolidation; provided, further, that the Security 
Interests may not extend to any other property owned by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
Security Interests securing Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the 
Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred in accordance 
with Condition 4.3; 
(vii) 
Security Interests on Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure 
Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary; and

--- Page 75 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 67 - 
70-41032542 
 
(viii) 
other Security Interests, provided that the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, 
on a pro forma basis, after giving effect the incurrence of the Secured 
Indebtedness and the application of proceeds therefrom, would not be more than 
1.5 to 1.0. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
unincorporated organisation, trust or other judicial entity, including, without limitation, any state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Related Business Assets" means assets (other than Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a 
Permitted Business; provided, that any assets received by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in 
exchange for assets transferred by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be 
Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the 
securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. 
"Relevant Testing Period" means, for purposes of the calculation of any applicable financial 
covenant, test, basket or ratio (including those based on Consolidated EBITDA, Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio and/or Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio), the most recently completed four 
consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter (or fiscal year, 
if later) for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Condition 4.6(b) or, at the 
option of the Issuer, the most recently completed 12 consecutive months ending on the last day of 
a calendar month for which the Issuer has, in its sole determination, sufficient available information 
to be able to determine any applicable financial covenant, test, basket or ratio. 
"Restricted Investments" means any Investment other than a Permitted Investment.  
"Restricted Subsidiary" of a Person means any Subsidiary of the referent Person that is not an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
"Sale and Lease-Back Transaction" means any arrangement providing for the leasing by the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal property, which property 
has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person 
in contemplation of such leasing. 
"Secured Indebtedness" means, as of any date of determination, the principal amount of 
Indebtedness that is secured by a Security Interest. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing 
any Indebtedness of any Person (including without limitation, any other agreement or arrangement 
having similar effect). 
"Subordinated Shareholder Funding" means, collectively, any funds provided to the Issuer by a 
Holding Company in exchange for or pursuant to any security, instrument or agreement other than 
Capital Stock, in each case issued to and held by a Holding Company of the Issuer or a Permitted 
Holder, together with any such security, instrument or agreement and any other security or 
instrument other than Capital Stock issued in payment of any obligation under any Subordinated 
Shareholder Funding; provided, however, that such Subordinated Shareholder Funding: 
(i) 
does not mature or require any amortisation, redemption or other repayment of 
principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the first anniversary of the maturity 
of the Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of such funding into 
Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any funding meeting 
the requirements of this definition); 
(ii) 
does not require, prior to the first anniversary of the maturity of the Notes, 
payment of cash interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross ups, or 
any similar cash amounts; 
(iii) 
contains no change of control or similar provisions and does not accelerate and 
has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action

--- Page 76 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 68 - 
70-41032542 
 
or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the first anniversary 
of the maturity of the Notes; 
(iv) 
does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any 
asset of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; and 
(v) 
pursuant to its terms is fully subordinated and junior in right of payment to the 
Notes pursuant to subordination, payment blockage and enforcement limitation 
terms which are customary in all material respects for similar funding. 
"Total Assets" means the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a 
consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the 
Issuer or such other Person as may be expressly stated. 
"Unrestricted Subsidiary" means: 
(i) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary (as designated by the Issuer, as provided below); and 
(ii) 
any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
The Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any existing Subsidiary and any 
newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary, but excluding the Issuer) to be an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Equity Interests or 
Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Security Interest on, any property of, the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than solely any Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated); 
provided, that: 
(i) 
such designation complies with Condition 4.2; and 
(ii) 
each of (a) the Subsidiary to be so designated and (b) its Subsidiaries has not at 
the time of designation, and does not thereafter, create, incur, issue, assume, 
guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any 
Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender has recourse to any of the assets of the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
The Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that, 
immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing and either: 
(i) 
the Issuer could incur at least EUR1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to 
Condition 4.3(a); or 
(ii) 
(x) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries would be equal to or less than such ratio for the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such designation and (y) the Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be 
equal to or greater than such ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
immediately prior to such designation, in each case on a pro forma basis taking 
into account such designation. 
Any such designation by the Issuer shall be notified by the Issuer to the Trustee by promptly filing 
with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any committee 
thereof giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such 
designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 
"Weighted Average Life to Maturity" means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the 
number of years obtained by dividing: 
(i) 
the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then 
remaining instalment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of

--- Page 77 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 69 - 
70-41032542 
 
principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect of the Indebtedness, by 
(b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse 
between such date and the making of such payment; by 
(ii) 
the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness, 
provided, that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any 
Indebtedness that is being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased (the 
"Applicable Indebtedness"), the effects of any amortisation or prepayments made on such 
Applicable Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable extension, replacement, refunding, 
refinancing, renewal or defeasance shall be disregarded. 
"Wholly Owned Subsidiary" of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0 per cent. 
of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than directors' qualifying shares and shares 
issued to foreign nationals as required by applicable law) shall at the time be owned by such Person 
and/or by one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the 
manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified hereon.

--- Page 78 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 70 - 
70-41032542 
 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation 
Agent", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Option", 
"Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR 
or CMT Rate, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will 
be determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more such banks provide the Issuer with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as calculated by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that 
fewer than two such banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would

--- Page 79 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 71 - 
70-41032542 
 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be and such offered rates to be 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, or, if fewer 
than two rates are provided as requested,   the rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(aa) 
If CMT Rate is specified hereon as the relevant Reference 
Rate, the Rate of Interest in relation to each Interest Accrual 
Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant 
maturity" for a designated maturity specified hereon, 
as published in the H.15(519) under the caption 
"Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)", as that 
yield is displayed, for the particular Interest 
Determination Date, on the Bloomberg Screen; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published 
by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
Bloomberg Screen on such Interest Determination 
Date, the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at 
"constant maturity" for a designated maturity 
specified hereon as published in the H.15(519) under 
the 
caption 
"Treasury 
constant 
maturities 
(Nominal)" for such Interest Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published 
by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Interest 
Determination Date, the CMT Reference Dealer 
Rate on such Interest Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
if fewer than three CMT Reference Dealers selected 
by the Issuer provide bid prices for the purposes of 
determining the CMT Reference Dealer Rate 
referred to in (iii) above as described in the definition

--- Page 80 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 72 - 
70-41032542 
 
of CMT Reference Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate 
applicable to the last preceding Interest Period, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and 
(b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a 
Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 81 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 73 - 
70-41032542 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure 
is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall 
be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such 
currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, 
the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable 
to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable on each Interest 
Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as reasonably 
practicable after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to 
such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination provided that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to notify the relevant stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed, the Issuer shall procure such notification. Where any Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. All notifications,

--- Page 82 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 74 - 
70-41032542 
 
determinations, (including, without limitation, of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstances, event or other matter), certificates, calculations and quotations given, 
expressed, made or obtained or permitted to be determined, decided, formed or exercised 
by the Calculation Agent, in each case, under or pursuant to the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions, shall be final and binding upon all parties and no liability to any party 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers and duties for such purposes.  
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Auditors" means PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, as the auditors of the Issuer as at the 
Issue Date, or any other independent audit firm selected by the Issuer. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.  
"Bloomberg Screen" means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any 
successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the 
purpose of displaying "Treasury constant maturities" as reported in the H.15(519). 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day") and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
"CMT Rate" means the one-year Constant Maturity Treasury Rate. 
"CMT Reference Dealer Rate" means, on any Interest Determination Date, the rate 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic 
mean of the secondary market bid prices for U.S. Treasury Securities at approximately 
4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Interest Determination Date, of leading primary 
U.S. government securities dealers in New York City as selected by the Issuer (each, a 
"CMT Reference Dealer"). The Issuer will select five CMT Reference Dealers to provide 
such bid prices and the Calculation Agent will eliminate the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality,

--- Page 83 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 75 - 
70-41032542 
 
one of the lowest); provided, however, that, if fewer than five but more than two such bid 
prices are provided, then neither the highest nor the lowest of those quotations will be 
eliminated prior to calculating the arithmetic mean of such bid prices. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 84 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 76 - 
70-41032542 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(viii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and

--- Page 85 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 77 - 
70-41032542 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, 
in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic 
EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
"H.15(519)" means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any 
successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve 
System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ or any successor site or 
publication. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
"Interest Basis" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified hereon. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro.

--- Page 86 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 78 - 
70-41032542 
 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Lithuania" means the Republic of Lithuania. 
"Material Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary from time to time of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the book value of the assets of which exceeds 5 per cent. of the book value of the 
assets of the Group taken as a whole; or 
(ii) 
the revenues of which exceed 5 per cent. of the revenues of the Group taken as a 
whole. 
For these purposes (a) the book value of the assets and revenues of such Subsidiary shall 
be determined by reference to its then most recent audited annual financial statements (or, 
if none, its then most recent management accounts), and (b) the book value of the assets 
and revenues of the Group shall be determined by reference to its then most recent audited 
annual consolidated financial statements, in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may 
consider appropriate, to take account of any changes in circumstances since the date as of 
which such financial statements (or management accounts) were prepared. A certificate of 
the Issuer signed by the general manager (generalinis direktorius) of the Issuer (the 
"General Manager") stating that in the General Manager's opinion a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified 
period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
"Rating Agency" means each rating agency of Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") or Fitch, Inc. 
("Fitch"), as the case may be, provided that references herein to a Rating Agency shall 
only be to such Rating Agency as shall have been appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
to maintain a rating and shall not extend to any such Rating Agency providing ratings on 
an unsolicited basis. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 79 - 
70-41032542 
 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer or as specified hereon. 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer 
outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond. 
"Reference Date" means the date which is two business days prior to the despatch of the 
notice of redemption under Condition 6(d) or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Interest Payment Date" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or 
corporation; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly by the first mentioned company or corporation;  
(iii) 
more than half of the votes of which is controlled by the by the first mentioned 
company or corporation; or 
(iv) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or 
corporation, 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control 
the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007 or any successor thereto. 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means, on any Interest Determination Date, U.S. Treasury 
Securities with an original maturity as specified hereon, a remaining term to maturity of 
no more than one year shorter than such specified maturity and in a principal amount equal 
to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury Securities 
in the New York City market. If two or more U.S. Treasury Securities have remaining 
terms to maturity of no more than one year shorter than such specified maturity, the U.S. 
Treasury Security with the longer remaining term to maturity will be used, and if two or 
more U.S. Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to such 
specified maturity, the U.S. Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount outstanding 
will be used. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation:

--- Page 88 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 80 - 
70-41032542 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(b)(B), if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 5(j) shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(j)(i) shall act in good faith as an expert. In the absence of wilful default, 
negligence, bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(i) prior 
to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if no such Relevant Screen Page is so specified in the 
relevant Final terms, last available (as the case may be) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 5(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
Neither the Paying Agent nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for 
determining the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.

--- Page 89 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 81 - 
70-41032542 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date of such amendments.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by the General Manager  of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(j)(v), the 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded 
to the Trustee in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent 
or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition 5(j) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(j) will be 
notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents. In 
accordance with Condition 12, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders 
promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 90 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 82 - 
70-41032542 
 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by the 
General Manager of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the 
Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent 
in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i), (ii), (iii), 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)

--- Page 91 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 83 - 
70-41032542 
 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser determines, and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied) 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser determines, and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
or is in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease to publish the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will 
be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate;  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, 
as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the

--- Page 92 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 84 - 
70-41032542 
 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the 
Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i). In no event, unless otherwise 
agreed in writing, shall the Paying Agent or Calculation Agent be the Independent 
Adviser. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its 
Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal 
amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per

--- Page 93 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 85 - 
70-41032542 
 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or 
Condition 6(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(f)or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of 
Lithuania or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to 
the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (A) a certificate signed by the General Manager of the Issuer stating 
that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures and (B) an opinion of a nationally recognised law firm or other tax 
advisor in Lithuania experienced in such matters to the effect that the relevant requirement 
or circumstances referred to in (i) above applies and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept 
such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon and Make 
Whole Amount is not specified hereon as the Optional Redemption Amount, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon) to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the Optional 
Redemption Date), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional

--- Page 94 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 86 - 
70-41032542 
 
Redemption Date (provided that if Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified hereon, such 
Optional Redemption Date falls more than 90 days prior to the Maturity Date). Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify 
the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, 
to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.  
If such redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the 
related notice may, for the avoidance of doubt, state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the 
redemption date may be automatically delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied or waived (provided that in no event shall such date of redemption be 
delayed to a date later than 60 days after the date on which such notice was sent), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded if any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date 
so delayed. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make Whole): If Make Whole Call Option is 
specified hereon and Make Whole Amount is specified hereon as the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption, (the "Make Whole Optional Redemption Date"), 
such date being not less than 90 days’ prior to the Maturity Date), redeem all, or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes at the Make Whole Redemption Price together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date.  
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify 
the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, 
to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.  
If such redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the 
related notice may, for the avoidance of doubt, state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the 
redemption date may be automatically delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied or waived (provided that in no event shall such date of redemption be 
delayed to a date later than 60 days after the date on which such notice was sent), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded if any or all such conditions

--- Page 95 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 87 - 
70-41032542 
 
shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date 
so delayed. 
In this Condition: 
"Determination Agent" means a financial adviser or bank which is independent of the 
Issuer appointed by the Issuer (acting reasonably and in good faith) for the purpose of 
determining the Make Whole Redemption Price; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" means, in respect of each Note, the higher of (a) the 
nominal amount of such Note and (b) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted to the Make Whole Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified hereon) 
at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Redemption Margin 
specified hereon, in each case as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Reference Dealers" means those Reference Dealers specified hereon; and 
"Reference Dealer Rate" means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make 
Whole Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond specified hereon or, if the Reference Bond 
is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference 
Dealers, at the Determination Time specified hereon on the Determination Date specified 
hereon quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call): If Issuer Maturity 
Par Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time during the period commencing 
on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date (the “Par Call Period 
Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption 
Amount specified hereon together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Change of Control): If Change of Control 
Put Event is specified hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any 
such Note will have the option (a "Change of Control Put Option") (unless (x) prior to 
the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice the Issuer has given notice 
of redemption of all Notes under Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(g) above or (y) a Specified 
Change of Control Event has occurred) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control Put Date 
(as defined below) at a price equal to 101 per cent. of its principal amount together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date.

--- Page 96 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 88 - 
70-41032542 
 
A "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if a Change of Control occurs 
provided that it is not a Specified Change of Control Event. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred 
the Issuer shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the Trustee 
may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 specifying the nature of the 
Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, any Noteholder must deliver such Note to 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 90 days 
after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Notice"). The Note 
should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the date 
which is seven days after the expiration of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Change 
of Control Put Date"), failing which the Paying Agent will require payment from or on 
behalf of the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. 
Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 at any time after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered 
will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so 
delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly 
specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be 
made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every 
other case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date against presentation and surrender 
or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the purposes 
of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(h) shall be treated as if 
they were Notes.  
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must 
deposit the Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put 
Notice obtainable from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control 
Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any Certificate so deposited will be 
made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to 
which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank 
account and, in every other case, by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or 
to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register.  
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the 
Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 90 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(h), the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 
30 days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the 
purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at 101 
per cent. of their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for such redemption or purchase.

--- Page 97 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 89 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or 
Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute 
a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, and, until it shall have 
received express written notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may 
assume that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has 
occurred. 
In this Condition:  
a "Change of Control" will be deemed to occur if:  
(i) 
prior to an IPO Event, any person (or persons acting in concert), other than the 
Permitted Holders, acquires control (or, as the case may be, operating control) 
of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
following an IPO Event, any person (or persons acting in concert) owning a 
greater percentage of the issued share capital or voting shares of the Issuer than 
are owned (directly or indirectly) by the Permitted Holders. 
For the purpose of the definition of Change of Control above:  
(i) 
"acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or 
understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the 
acquisition by any of them, either directly or indirectly, of shares in the relevant 
company, to obtain or consolidate control of the relevant company;  
(ii) 
"control" means the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, contractual 
arrangement or otherwise) to (A) cast or control the casting of more than 50 per 
cent. of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting 
of the relevant company or (B) appoint or remove or control the appointment or 
removal of the majority of the directors or other equivalent officers of the 
relevant company; 
(iii) 
"operating control" means the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, 
ability to appoint or remove directors or control the appointment or removal of 
directors, contractual arrangement or otherwise) to give directions with respect 
to the operating and financial policies of the relevant company with which the 
directors or other equivalent officers of the relevant company are obliged to 
comply; and 
(iv) 
"IPO Event" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4 (Covenants) 
above. 
"Investors" means UAB Vilniaus prekyba and any funds, partnerships, co-investment 
vehicles and other entities, directly or indirectly, owned, managed, controlled or advised 
by UAB Vilniaus prekyba and its Affiliates. 
“Specified Change of Control Event” means the occurrence of any event that would 
constitute a Change of Control pursuant to the definition thereof; provided, that the 
Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio of the Issuer immediately after the occurrence of such 
event and giving pro forma effect thereto (including any Indebtedness incurred in 
connection therewith) would have been equal to or less than 4.0 to 1.0. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, only one Specified Change of Control Event shall be permitted under the 
Conditions after the Issue Date. 
"Permitted Holder" means any of the Investors. Any Person or group whose acquisition 
of beneficial ownership constitutes (1) a Change of Control in respect of which a Change 
of Control Put Event occurs and for which an offer to redeem or purchase the Notes is 
made in accordance with the requirements of the Trust Deed, or (2) a Change of Control 
which is also a Specified Change of Control Event, will thereafter, together with its 
Affiliates, constitute an additional Permitted Holder.

--- Page 98 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 90 - 
70-41032542 
 
"Relevant Announcement Date" means the date that is the earlier of (i) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (ii) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any); and 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public 
announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser 
acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a 
Change of Control occurs. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in 
the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or 
to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the 
Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee 
with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full 
of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment

--- Page 99 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 91 - 
70-41032542 
 
is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the 
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (v) such other 
agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed 
in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the 
sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require.

--- Page 100 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 92 - 
70-41032542 
 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business 
day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by Lithuania or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with Lithuania other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of 
which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes and 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 
1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 101 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 93 - 
70-41032542 
 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
"Relevant Date", in respect of any Note or Coupon, means the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
Under current Lithuanian laws and regulations, interest payments on any Notes (including, to the 
extent applicable, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to 
a resident or non-resident individual will be subject to Lithuanian personal income tax at 
progressive rates of  
(i) 
15 per cent., if the total income received by an individual during a calendar year is or 
does not exceed the sum of 120 Lithuanian gross average salaries, which is determined 
on the basis of quarterly gross average salaries as published by Statistics Lithuania (for 
example, in 2022, this figure would be EUR 180,492); and  
(ii) 
20 per cent., on the part of the total income exceeding the above-mentioned threshold.  
For resident individuals, such income will exclude income from employment, self-employment, 
dividends, remuneration of board members and certain other types of income.  
For non-resident individuals, such income will include Lithuanian-sourced interest, royalties, 
income from sports and entertainment activities, capital gains and rent from real estate located in 
the Republic of Lithuania and capital gains from movable property registerable in the Republic of 
Lithuania.  
When interest is earned by a non-resident individual, the Issuer, as a Lithuanian interest-paying 
entity, will withhold 15 per cent. personal income tax and if it becomes known at the end of the 
year that a part of the amount was subject to 20 per cent. rate, the non-resident individual will pay 
the difference himself/herself. Separate double taxation treaties with the Republic of Lithuania can 
provide for a lower tax rate for non-residents. 
Interest payments on any Notes (including to the extent applicable, the difference between the 
redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to  
(i) 
resident entities will be included into calculation of their taxable profit which will be 
subject to corporate income tax at a general rate of 15 per cent. or an incentive rate 
applicable to the Noteholder (banks and credit unions, including branches of foreign 
banks in the Republic of Lithuania, will pay additional 5 per cent. corporate income tax 
on profits, subject to special calculation rules, exceeding EUR2 million); and  
(ii) 
(ii) non-resident entities that do not benefit from a double tax treaty with the Republic of 
Lithuania and are not registered or otherwise organised in a state of the European 
Economic Area will be subject to Lithuanian withholding tax at a rate of 10 per cent.  
If the Issuer, as a Lithuanian interest paying person, is unable to identify a Noteholder and 
determine such Noteholder's eligibility for a lower tax rate exemption from the withholding tax, 
payments of interest in respect of the Notes to any such Noteholder (including, to the extent

--- Page 102 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 94 - 
70-41032542 
 
applicable, the difference between the redemption price and issue price of the Notes) will be subject 
to 15 per cent. withholding tax to be paid to the budget of the Republic of Lithuania by the Issuer.  
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject, in each 
case, to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice to 
the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest:  
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or 
seven days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or 
principal in respect of any of the Notes or  
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any 
one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default 
is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is 
not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee or 
(iii) 
Cross-Acceleration: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential 
default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the 
aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in 
respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph 
have occurred equals or exceeds EUR35.0 million or its equivalent or 
(iv) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal 
process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, 
assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries having an aggregate 
value of EUR35.0 million or more and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days 
or 
(v) 
Judgment Default: any one or more final, non-appealable judgments or orders is 
made against the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries involving an 
aggregate liability not paid or fully covered by insurance in respect of a matter 
(or a series of related matters) greater than EUR35.0 million, unless those 
judgments and orders are paid, vacated or discharged within 60 days of their being 
made (or, if later, prior to the end of the period of any deferral or suspension of 
enforcement granted for any such judgment or order) or 
(vi) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, 
present or future, created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including 
the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, 
administrator, manager or other similar person) or

--- Page 103 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 95 - 
70-41032542 
 
(vii) 
Insolvency: any of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could 
be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its 
debts, (b) stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or any 
substantial part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, or (c) proposes or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of 
the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts other than any assignment, 
arrangement or composition on a solvent basis in respect of debts not exceeding 
EUR20.0 million in the aggregate or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes 
into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) 
the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or 
(viii) 
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective 
resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself 
or ceases or through an official action of its board of directors or other relevant 
body (as the case may be) threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part 
of its business or operations, in each case except for the purpose of and followed 
by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on 
terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, 
whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to 
or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Material Subsidiaries, provided 
that this paragraph (vii) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is 
frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of 
commencement or 
(ix) 
Nationalisation: any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, 
compulsory acquisition, expropriation or nationalisation of all or, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, a material part of the assets of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or 
(x) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed or 
(xi) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the 
foregoing paragraphs 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii), (v), (vi), (xi) and, in the case of a Material Subsidiary 
only, (vii) and (viii),the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration 
of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel 
the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest

--- Page 104 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 96 - 
70-41032542 
 
Amount in respect of the Notes other than in respect of a Benchmark Amendment, (iv) to 
change the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons, (v) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (vi) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances set out in Condition 5(j) without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes 
by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series.  
Important note: The appointed Trustee does not qualify as a trustee of the holders of Notes 
for the purposes of Article 55 Part 6 of the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania 
and of the Law on the Protection of Interests of Owners of Bonds issued by Public and 
Private Companies of the Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos 
akcinių bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių bendrovių obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo 
įstatymas). Unless the Trustee is a trustee of the holders of Notes for the purposes of 
Article 55 Part 6 of the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania and of the Law 
on the Protection of Interests of Owners of Bonds issued by Public and Private Companies 
of the Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių bendrovių ir 
uždarųjų akcinių bendrovių obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo įstatymas), the Trustee 
does not have rights and obligations established in the above mentioned laws in relation 
to any Meetings of Noteholders. Accordingly, the Meetings of Noteholders, as described 
above, do not meet the requirements of and are not regulated by the Law on the Protection 
of Interests of Owners of Bonds issued by Public and Private Companies of the Republic 
of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių 
bendrovių obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo įstatymas).  
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions 
of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject 
to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, 
but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the 
Issuer's successor in business or any Subsidiary as defined in the Trust Deed of the Issuer 
or its successor in business in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company,

--- Page 105 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 97 - 
70-41032542 
 
as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution 
the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a 
change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including 
but not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from 
the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such steps, 
actions or proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
13. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation 
or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other 
expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by 
its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other 
manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and 
shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, 
confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 106 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 98 - 
70-41032542 
 
15. 
Further Issues 
So long as permitted by Condition 4.3, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further securities having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on 
them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with an 
outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes (other than for the purpose of the 
definition of Permitted Debt) include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities 
issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.  
16. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices 
required to be given to the holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be 
given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such 
publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. If in 
the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice required to be given 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.  
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in 
England.

--- Page 107 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 99 - 
70-41032542 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued 
in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the 
NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary 
or, if the Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, upon registration of Registered Notes in the 
name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative 
Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
other clearing systems. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system ("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented 
by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Overview of the Programme – Selling 
Restrictions") and, if the relevant Final Terms so specifies, in whole, but not in part, for 
the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and

--- Page 108 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 100 - 
70-41032542 
 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so.  
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the 
Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit 
the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.  
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(b) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(a) or 
3.3(b) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In 
this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive 
Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to 
them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. 
On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, 
procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 101 - 
70-41032542 
 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located 
and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the TEFRA D before 
the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, 
if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or 
to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified 
to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so 
made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that 
such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" set 
out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where "Clearing System Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
8 (Taxation)). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, 
at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified

--- Page 110 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 102 - 
70-41032542 
 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a 
Global Certificate.) 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn 
in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. 
In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent Global 
Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a 
Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global 
Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to 
the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and 
upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 111 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 103 - 
70-41032542 
 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, 
such notices shall also be published (if required) in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
5. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution  
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons 
whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any 
such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided 
by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee 
shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person 
and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 112 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 104 - 
70-41032542 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes, including the refinancing of existing indebtedness. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 113 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 105 - 
70-41032542 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER 
Overview 
Maxima grupė is part of the Uždaroji akcinė bendrovė "Vilniaus Prekyba" group ("Vilniaus Prekyba"), 
one of the largest retail groups in the Baltic States and Central and Eastern Europe (which was rated 
eleventh in the Coface "CEE Top 500" company rankings in 2021), which has grown significantly in recent 
years, through a mixture of organic growth and strategic acquisitions.   
The Group's consolidated revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 4.5 billion, and for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 totalled EUR 4.2 billion. The Group recorded like-for-like revenue 
growth of 3.2 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 (at constant exchange rates). Profit from 
operations and EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 2021 were EUR 191.6 million and EUR 366.3 
million, respectively and for the year ended 31 December 2020 EUR 211.3 million and EUR 385.4 million, 
respectively. As of 31 December 2021, the Group had total assets of EUR 2.34 billion compared to EUR 
2.28 billion as of 31 December 2020.  
The Group currently owns a number of retail chains operating under the names of "Maxima" in the Baltic 
States, "Stokrotka" in Poland and "T-Market" in Bulgaria. The Group also owns "Barbora", which, based 
on publicly available sales data collated by the Group, is the largest e-grocery store in the Baltic States and 
has operated in Poland since 2021.  The Group also owns real estate entities that operate the real estate 
assets mainly used in the Group's retail businesses.   
Description of the Issuer 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB (also referred to as "Maxima grupė").  
The Issuer is incorporated in Lithuania as a private company with limited liability and registered in the 
Register of Legal Entities of the Republic of Lithuania with registration number 301066547. The Issuer 
was registered on 27 August 2007 and operates under the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania 
(the "Law on Companies") and other applicable laws. The Issuer's registered office is at Savanorių Ave. 
5, Vilnius city, Vilnius city municipality, Lithuania, and the telephone number of its registered office is 
+370 669 00118. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's authorised share capital amounts to EUR 
1,019,262,730.30 comprised of 3,514,699,070 ordinary shares of nominal value EUR 0.29 each.   
The Issuer's principal objects, as set out in its articles of association, are broadly prescribed, and include 
the performance of commercial, economic or industrial activities, including, but not limited to the sale of 
goods, provision of services, and performance of works, whether individually or in cooperation with other 
persons, and the performance of any other activities which the Issuer may decide.  The principal business 
activity of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the "Group") consists of the retail of food 
and other consumables.   
History and Development 
The Group has evolved over 30 years from three stores that were opened in Vilnius, Lithuania, in 1992. 
Since then the retail network of MAXIMA LT, UAB ("Maxima Lithuania") has expanded into one of the 
largest retail companies in terms of market share, trading area and sales (based on data compiled by the 
Issuer) in the Baltic States with a growing presence in Poland and Bulgaria. The Group started its activities 
in Estonia and Latvia in 2001 under both the "Maxima" and "T-Market" brands and launched its first store 
in Bulgaria under the T-Market brand in 2005. Between 2005 and 2006 the Group's operations across the 
Baltic States were consolidated beneath the Maxima brand. 
The Issuer was established as a holding company of the Group in Lithuania in 2007 and directly or indirectly 
controls its retail, real estate and other subsidiaries. Since May 2015, the Issuer has also provided business 
consulting services to its retail subsidiaries in various areas, such as human resources, finance and legal 
advice, based on the needs and requests of its subsidiaries. At the end of 2018, Stokrotka acquired the Sano 
retail chain, which consisted of 36 shops in north-western Poland. In the beginning of 2019, the Sano retail 
chain successfully merged with Stokrotka under the single "Stokrotka" brand.

--- Page 114 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 106 - 
70-41032542 
 
At the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had 1,412 stores, an increase of 89 stores compared to 31 
December 2020.  At the end of 2021, the Group had 38,482 employees, with 36,332 of them employed in 
Group retail operators and 2,150 employed in Barbora and other companies. During 2021, the Group 
continued to expand in Poland through Stokrotka, both in terms of physical stores and by starting e-
commerce operations in Warsaw and other large cities through Barbora. 
The key milestones in the Group's development are summarised in the diagram below: 
 
 The number of stores across the Group's countries of operation is as follows: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Store 
2021 
2020 
Lithuania (Maxima Lithuania) ...................................  
252 
252 
Latvia (Maxima Latvia) .............................................  
173 
178 
Estonia (Maxima Estonia) .........................................  
83 
82 
Poland (Stokrotka) .....................................................  
806(1) 
723(1) 
Bulgaria (T-Market) ..................................................  
98 
88 
Total..........................................................................  
1,412 
1,323 
Notes:  
(1) 
Includes 87 franchised stores in 2021 and 85 franchised stores in 2020

--- Page 115 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 107 - 
70-41032542 
 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the holding company of the Group and operates its retail business through separate subsidiaries 
in each of its five key geographical markets (Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland and Bulgaria), as well as 
its separate e-commerce subsidiary Barbora (which has separate subsidiaries in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia 
and Poland).   
The Group also holds its real estate assets through separate subsidiaries of each of the retailers, and owns 
other subsidiaries including FRANMAX, UAB ("Franmax") which provides IT development and support 
services for the Group and MAXIMA International Sourcing ("Maxima IS"), which provides centralised 
services of procurement and agency of food and consumables to the Group. 
A structure chart showing the key subsidiaries of the Issuer and their position within the Group is as follows:

--- Page 116 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 108 - 
70-41032542 
 
Strengths and Strategy 
Strategy 
The principal elements of the Group's strategy are as follows: 
1. 
Strengthen leadership position in the Baltics 
The Group intends to maintain its existing market share leadership position in the Baltic States. 
The Group intends to achieve this through a mixture of: (i) like-for-like growth based on store 
upgrades and unified formats; (ii) organic expansion; (iii) development of its e-commerce 
businesses; and (iv) process optimisation. 
2. 
International Expansion 
Expansion beyond the Baltic region, including growth of its existing presence in Poland and 
Bulgaria, is a key part of the international development of the Group. The Group intends to achieve 
this through a combination of: (i) like-for-like growth; (ii) organic expansion; and (iii) acquisition 
activity, focused on potential synergies in respect of retailer size, format, geographies, growth 
history and ownership structure. 
The Group continually monitors the market for complementary acquisitions that could realise 
suitable synergies with its existing business. Although the Group is currently only working on 
early-stage initiatives with no certainty of concluding any binding agreements, there is always a 
possibility that projects currently under consideration could progress to become more concrete 
opportunities in the longer term. The Group remains committed to maintaining sustainable levels 
of net debt to EBITDA in the event that any such transaction were to materialise. 
3. 
Growth of e-commerce and online sales  
Barbora is the largest e-grocery store in the Baltic States and continues to expand its operations in 
Poland. Stokrotka and T-Market also have e-commerce platforms as a separate sales channel for 
customers in Poland and Bulgaria, respectively. In 2021, Barbora's revenue in the Baltic States was 
EUR 143.3 million, which was a 37.9% increase compared to 2020. In 2021, total e-commerce 
revenue for the Group amounted to EUR 155.0 million in 2021, which was a 48.8% increase 
compared to 2020. In 2021, Barbora delivered approximately 9,500 orders a day across the Baltic 
States. In 2021, Barbora also established a presence in Poland and, in its first year of operations, 
recorded over 190,000 orders and sales revenue of EUR 6.4 million, and is set for further expansion 
in 2022.  In 2021, 3.9 million e-commerce orders were fulfilled in the Baltic States, Poland and 
Bulgaria across a combination of in-store, dark-store and stand-alone pick-up and delivery 
methods, which represented a 69.6% increase from 2020. Following the increase in demand for e-
groceries during the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group believes the e-grocery market is still expanding 
rapidly and that Barbora is well placed for future growth. 
4. 
Competition with discount retailers 
The Group has implemented a number of initiatives in order to maintain and strengthen its market 
position and remain competitive against discount retailers, including the new market entrant Lidl 
in Latvia and Estonia. For example, the Group has (i) competed with discount retailers by matching 
prices of certain groups of products, (ii) focussed on stocking a differentiated assortment of goods, 
including local and store exclusive products, (iii) sought out additional revenue streams by 
capitalising on holidays and special occasions through promotional events.  
The Group's management expects that such initiatives, coupled with the Group's increasing focus 
on unified store formats and process optimisation, should allow it to keep effectively managing its 
business in spite of the competition presented by Lidl and other discount retailers.

--- Page 117 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 109 - 
70-41032542 
 
Strengths 
The Group's management believes that the main competitive advantages of Maxima grupė as a whole, as 
well as the retail operators under its management are the following: 
1. 
Market leadership in the Baltic region and profitable growth in international markets 
The Group's market position generates significant revenues and provide scale and operating 
efficiencies to its retail businesses. The Group is one of the largest retailers in the Baltic States by 
trading area and sales and also operates in Poland and Bulgaria. At the end of 2021, the Group’s 
aggregate retail trading area totalled 938,000 square meters across a total 1,412 stores, 806 of which 
were in Poland, 252 in Lithuania, 173 in Latvia, 83 in Estonia and 98 in Bulgaria. At the end of 
2021, revenue was EUR 4.5 billion and the Group recorded a two-year period compound annual 
growth rate ("CAGR") of 6.0% from 2019 to 2021.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's aggregate retail trading area in the Baltic States stood at 
576,100 square metres and its revenue totalled EUR 3.2 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2021. The Group recorded a three-year period CAGR for sales of 3.3% from 2018 to 2021. In the 
Baltic States, the Group has a total market share of approximately 25.8%, which is approximately 
31.1% in Lithuania and 26.2% in Latvia (where the Group is the market leader in each country 
respectively) as well as 16.3% in Estonia, where the Group is one of the top three retailers. 
In Poland, Stokrotka is one of the fastest growing retailers and in 2021 year-on-year revenue 
growth was 14.6%  (on a constant FX-rate basis). In the three year period from the end of 2018 to 
the end of 2021, Stokrotka expanded from 570 stores to 806 stores, an increase of 236 stores. The 
Group’s revenues from retail operations in Poland have increased at a rapid pace, with the Group 
recording a two-year CAGR for revenue of 10.7% between 2019 and 2021. As of 31 December 
2021, Stokrotka' s market share was 2.1%, which had increased from 1.6% at the end of 2018. 
In Bulgaria, the Group operates the T-Market retail chain, which generated revenues of EUR 197.5 
million in 2021. In the three year period from the end of 2018 to the end of 2021, T-Market 
expanded from 74 stores to 98 stores, an increase of 24 stores. The Group recorded a three-year 
CAGR for revenue of 14.1% between 2018 and 2021. As of 31 December 2021, T-Market's market 
share was 2.5%, which had increased from 2.2% at the end of 2018. 
Barbora is the largest e-grocery store  in the Baltic States, and has a market share of 75.1% in 
Lithuania, 57.3% in Latvia and 59.1% in Estonia (based on internal Group estimates and publicly 
available information on financial performance of competitors).  
2. 
Brand recognition  
The Group's well-recognised brand name allows it to generate customer loyalty, drive sales across 
diverse customer segments and shopping occasions and satisfy a broad range of customer needs. 
The recognition of the "Maxima" brand is an important aspect of the Group's success in the retail 
market. For example, in Lithuania, Maxima was named 2021's strongest brand among retail chains 
for the third year in a row by external consults surveying market trends;  in Latvia the Baltic Brand 
Forum recognised Maxima as the most "beloved brand" and best value for money, which was 
echoed by Kantar Emor finding Maxima to be the most popular brand in Latvia; and in Estonia, 
external consultants surveying market trends gave Maxima a store equity index score of 2.6 (with 
3 being the level for "very good").  The Group believes that its standardised store formats, well-
targeted variety of goods and presence in strategically convenient locations enables it to meet the 
needs of customers and promotes its brand across all potential target consumer groups. 
The Group seeks to be attractive to customers by maintaining lower prices for good quality, key 
value items ("KVIs") across a range of product categories. The Group also looks to strengthen its 
relationship with consumers through the use of promotional events and its loyalty card programme 
(offering customers personalised discounts and cashback offers) which has a high engagement rate 
and approximately 3.6 million members across the Group's different store formats.   
The Group believes Barbora has strong brand recognition in the Baltic States, particularly in the 
main customer group of middle-aged city inhabitants and is building on this in Poland, where

--- Page 118 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 110 - 
70-41032542 
 
entered the market in 2021. Given the importance of brand recognition, the Group is working on 
further growing Stokrotka and T-Market brand awareness in Poland and Bulgaria. 
3. 
Operates in stable markets in the Baltic States and continues expansion in Poland and 
Bulgaria 
The regions in which the Group operates have stable macro-economic fundamentals which are 
projected for further growth. Through the successful implementation of the Group's strategy, the 
Group has maintained market leading positions in Lithuania and Latvia and is one of the top three 
retailers in Estonia despite fierce competition.  The Group's expansion into Poland and Bulgaria 
supports its strategy of diversification and growth into comparatively less saturated markets which 
have less competition from large-format international and discount retailers.  
Based on the Group's internal calculations and data from the official state statistics departments, in 
2021 the retail market grew by an average of approximately 5.2% across Baltic States, 4.5% in 
Poland and 10.4% in Bulgaria, compared with 5.4% retail market growth in the Eurozone 
(according to the ECB macroeconomic projection in March 2022).  
4. 
Efficient operating model 
The Baltic retail industry benefits from being an integrated compact market in terms of the overall 
size and with a concentration of its population around a few urban centres. This has enabled the 
Group to implement an efficient supply chain and centralised delivery model, as there is only need 
for a limited number of warehouses for storage of products and the delivery distances from 
warehouses to stores are relatively short. This model assists the Group to efficiently manage stock 
levels and logistics, and to drive economies of scale in order to reduce the cost of doing business 
and ensure product freshness. Additionally, as personnel costs are a major part of operating 
expenses, the Group puts effort into improving in-store and e-commerce order picking processes. 
Initiatives such as standardisation of store management processes, self-checkout counters and 
contactless payment and dark-store automatisation are examples of initiatives taken to increase 
efficiency. Collectively, these systems assist the Group to provide a competitive product offering 
and to maintain profitability. 
As an important element in its operating model, the Group actively promotes an internal culture of 
continuous improvement, efficiency and speed. The most recent examples of such cooperation on 
internal initiatives are the unified concept of store formats, rearrangement of Group’s IT and 
Procurement service business, redefined objectives in managing real estate 
The Group implements various programmes for improving and optimising operations and 
increasing their efficiency. These programmes include unifying store formats, defining further 
direction in real estate and in business processes, with the aim of making the Group's business 
operations more efficient and faster. 
5. 
Supportive shareholders and experienced management team 
The Group is owned by Vilniaus Prekyba and benefits from certain synergies arising from its 
relationship. For example, the Group has an experienced management team comprised of 
individuals with a significant breadth and depth of experience who are well positioned to 
understand and capture the Group's strategic opportunities. 
Business of the Group 
The Group's core business is the provision of retail stores selling food and daily groceries across the Baltic 
States, Poland and Bulgaria. In the Baltic States, the Group mainly uses three external classifications to 
indicate to customers the size of the store and the assortment of products: "X", "XX" and "XXX".  The 
Group also operates a limited number of "Express" branded stores which are synonymous with "X" branded 
stores and one "XXXX" branded store in the Vilnius Akropolis in Lithuania which, whilst sharing 
characteristics with "XXX" branded stores, is considerably larger both in terms of size and product 
assortment. For the purposes of this Base Prospectus are included under each of these respective formats.

--- Page 119 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 111 - 
70-41032542 
 
In Poland and Bulgaria, the Group's stores are laid out in a similar format to "X" and "XX" stores, although 
branded under the Stokrotka and T-Market brands, respectively. These stores vary in size and are typically 
designed for efficient, everyday shopping, compared to the Group's large-format stores in the Baltic States.  
In response to changing consumer preferences, the Group is currently focused on expanding its network of 
smaller convenience and everyday stores. 
The Group has conceptualised a new set of standard store formats, that are based on specific key 
performance indicators for trading area, stock-keeping unit count and equipment.  By implementing these 
formats, the Group aims to reinforce the visual identity of its stores and brand, with as many stores as 
possible having a consistent look and product assortment, in line with the principles and algorithms the 
Group has conceptualised.   In line with the Group's drive towards sustainability, this initiative would also 
introduce a range of operational efficiencies as well as providing a smooth and uniform customer experience 
from store to store.  For example, a standardised and consistent assortment of products would improve 
supply chain processes and the standardised store format would result in leaner and more efficient 
operations that would require less supervision and individual planograms. The Group anticipates this 
consistency of format will also help reduce food waste and general write-offs.  The Group believes that 
implementing the new standard store formats, and the principles underlying them, would enhance the 
recognition of the "Maxima" brand and would help to position the Group as a sustainable and innovative 
company. While Stokrotka and T-Market have separate strategies and promotional activities, the Group 
anticipates that the standard store formats implemented across their networks will also result in similar 
brand recognition improvement. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 24 per cent. of the Group's stores 
have been renovated for the new set of standard store formats.    
From a financial management perspective, the Group regularly reviews the profitability of its stores to 
ensure the store format, size and location are meeting the Group's expectations and targets.  Decisions 
regarding the format of a store are implemented and supervised directly by the management in each country 
of operation, in line with Group guidelines and strategies. For example, when deciding where to open new 
stores, the Group's local management teams consider the potential location, local competition and potential 
trading and sales area, as well as the feasibility of the format, internal fit-out, equipment and the potential 
for product ranges, pricing and promotions.  
The characteristics of each of the respective store formats is summarised below:  
"X" 
These are grocery stores with a limited assortment of everyday goods and tend to be small 
supermarkets located near to customers' homes.  The stores are intended for everyday 
shopping and are built in small towns with a population of at least 3,000 people within a 
10-kilometre radius and in densely populated areas of large cities.  The stores generally 
have a trading area of up to 1,000 square metres with a product range varying between 
1,000 and 11,000 items, depending on the size of store and the offering of local 
competition.  
"XX" 
These are stores with a wide food assortment and a strategically selected assortment of 
non-food items, intended for both everyday and weekly shopping.  Typically, these stores 
are built in towns and areas with more than 15,000 people in a 2-3km radius or passing 
traffic of at least 6,000 vehicles per day.  The store footprint is typically between 1,300 
and 3,000 square metres and the product range typically varies between 12,000 and 
20,000 items, depending on the size of store and the offering of local competition. 
"XXX" 
These are the Group's largest stores with a wide assortment of both food and non-food 
items.  These stores are intended for weekly shopping, and shopping for special occasions 
and holidays.  These stores are located in towns with a population of at least 50,000 
people, or in towns with populations in excess of 100,000 people they are located in 
centres of population of at least 50,000 in a 3-5km radius.  The store footprint is typically 
between 3,500 and 5,000 square metres and the product range varies between 23,000 and 
55,000 items depending on the size of store and the offering of local competition.  
The contribution of each store format to the Group's total retail turnover is set out below. The Group defines 
retail turnover as sales through cash registers in its stores and online sale:

--- Page 120 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 112 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(% of Group retail turnover) 
Maxima X ..................................................................  
27.2 
28.3 
Maxima XX ...............................................................  
27.2 
28.5 
Maxima XXX ............................................................  
13.2 
13.8 
Stokrotka ...................................................................  
24.4 
22.7 
T-Market ...................................................................  
4.4 
4.2 
Barbora ......................................................................  
3.5 
2.3 
Total..........................................................................  
100 
100 
The Group's revenue and EBITDA for its operations over the last two financial years is set out in the table 
below:  
Revenue 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR millions) 
Lithuania (Maxima Lithuania) ...................................  
1,759.5   
1,689.2   
Latvia (Maxima Latvia) .............................................  
915.2   
878.1   
Estonia (Maxima Estonia) .........................................  
519.8   
502.9   
Poland (Stokrotka) .....................................................  
1,087.0   
974.9   
Bulgaria (T-Market) ..................................................  
197.5   
182.8   
E-commerce commission income ..............................  
44.4   
30.4   
Others (real estate, holdings and other segments, 
including consolidation adjustments).........................  
(38.7) 
(32.6) 
Total..........................................................................  
4,484.8   
4,225.6   
 
EBITDA 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR millions) 
Lithuania (Maxima Lithuania) ...................................  
172.8 
178.4 
Latvia (Maxima Latvia) .............................................  
72.4 
78.0 
Estonia (Maxima Estonia) .........................................  
31.9 
28.9 
Poland (Stokrotka) .....................................................  
80.2 
83.2 
Bulgaria (T-Market) ..................................................  
13.3 
11.8 
E-commerce ..............................................................  
(14.8) 
(2.9) 
Others (real estate, holdings and other segments, 
including consolidation adjustments).........................  
10.6 
8.0 
Total..........................................................................  
366.3 
385.4 
Retail Market  
Overview  
The retail market in the Baltic States and the European Union contracted in 2020 due to the impact of the 
Covid-19 pandemic. In 2021, however, the Baltic States, Poland and Bulgaria experienced consistent GDP 
growth at similar levels to the European Union. In 2021, the average GDP growth in Lithuania was 4.8%, 
4.7 % in Latvia and 7.5% in Estonia. Across the Baltic States, the average weighted GDP growth in 2021 
was 5.5%.  In 2021, Poland recorded average GDP growth of 5.7% and Bulgaria of 4.0%, whilst the average 
across the EU was 5.3%.    
The European Commission's Winter 2022 Economic Forecast predicts growth of 4.0% across the EU in 
2022 and by 2.8% in 2023.  In Poland, these growth figures are 3.7% and 3.9%, respectively, and, in 
Bulgaria, 5.5% and 4.2%, respectively. In the Baltic States, the 2022 and 2023 prediction is 3.4% in both 
years for Lithuania, 4.4% and 3.8% in Latvia and 3.1% and 4.0% in Estonia.   However, in March 2022, 
the Lithuanian Ministry of Finance revised downwards the 2022 GDP forecast as a result of the military 
invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation in February 2022 to 1.6 %, The Bank of Lithuania has also 
stated it is considering three scenarios with GDP growth at 2.7 %, 0.4 % and -1.2 % respectively. The Group 
is the largest retailer in the Baltic States by trading area and sales. In the year ended 31 December 2021, 
the Group's trading area was approximately 536,100 square metres and its revenue was EUR 3.2 billion. 
Across the entirety of the Group's operations, in the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had a retail 
trading area of 938,000 square metres and a total revenue of EUR 4.5 billion. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had a total market share of approximately 25.8% in the 
Baltic States, which was approximately 31.1% in Lithuania, 26.2% in Latvia and 16.3% in Estonia. The 
Group's main competitors in the Baltic States are Rimi, COOP and IKI; discount retailers, such as Lidl,

--- Page 121 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 113 - 
70-41032542 
 
which entered Latvia and Estonia in 2021 аnd 2022, respectively, are also competing with the Group for 
customers.   
The Group is also expanding in Poland and has an aggregate retail trading area of 305,200 square metres 
as of 31 December 2021 and recorded revenue of EUR 1,087.0 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021. In Poland, Stokrotka's main competitors are Dino, Biedronka, Kaufland and Lidl and smaller chains 
like Delicatesy centrum and Polomarket.  In Bulgaria, the Group has an aggregate retail trading area of 
56,700 square metres and recorded revenue of EUR 197.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
T-Market's main competitors are CBA, Lidl, Kaufland, Billa and Fantastico. 
Competitive Landscape and Market Positioning 
The Group is the largest retailer in the Baltic States by market share, and its main objective is to maintain 
market share and continue sustainable growth. This is primarily being achieved through organic expansion 
and new store openings in areas where the Group's market share is lower than target.  
The Maxima brand in the Baltic States is a mass market chain that aims to offer customers convenient 
shopping and a wide assortment of products at attractive prices. In Poland and in Bulgaria, where the 
Group's presence is more limited, the focus is on providing a practical and convenient choice for everyday 
shopping. In all cases, the Group's focus is on combining a high-quality offering with a competitive price. 
The Group has been expanding the Stokrotka chain in the comparatively large Polish market. T-Market's 
status in Bulgaria is similar to Stokrotka in Poland and the Group believes it has significant potential for 
further growth. 
The development of the Group's estimated market share across each of its five markets is summarised in 
the table below: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(%) 
Lithuania (Maxima Lithuania) ...................................  
31.1 
32.2 
Latvia (Maxima Latvia) .............................................  
26.2 
25.4 
Estonia (Maxima Estonia) .........................................  
16.3 
16.8 
Poland (Stokrotka) .....................................................  
2.1 
1.9 
Bulgaria (T-Market) ..................................................  
2.5 
2.6 
 
            
                     Source: Group’s internal data combined with countries official Statistical Departments data. 
The Group's e-commerce business is operated under the Barbora brand in the Baltic States and Poland, 
while Stokrotka and T-Market also have e-commerce platforms as a separate sales channel for customers 
in Poland and Bulgaria, respectively.  Barbora is the market leading e-grocery retailer in Lithuania and 
Latvia, primarily because it domestic competitors have smaller customer bases or utilise narrower e-
commerce platforms, for example only offering their services via mobile phone applications. Barbora 
launched operations in Poland in 2021, starting with Warsaw before expanding to cover the "Tri-city" 
region of  Gdansk, Gdynia and Sopot, Lodz, and Silesia regions. Barbora has demonstrated strong growth 
and revenues since it began its operations and the Group is focused on further expanding its e-commerce 
business.  In Estonia, online competition is comparatively stronger, with four major players operating in e-
commerce, Coop, Rimi, Selver and Prisma.  
Products 
The Group stocks a wide variety of products, including food, beverages, clothes, domestic electric 
appliances and sports equipment.  
In addition to sourcing products from third party suppliers, the Group produces its own private label goods 
and products which, in 2021, represented approximately 17% of total turnover in retail stores in terms of 
revenue with the greatest proportion of private label goods in retail stores being in Lithuania (21.0%) Latvia 
(20.1%) and Estonia (17.9%).  In Stokrotka and T-Market stores, sales of private label products were lower 
at approximately 9% of revenue in 2021.  The Group's private labels covers almost all of product categories. 
Of these categories, in 2021, fresh food (10.0%) and industrial goods (4.7%) contribute the highest 
proportion of private label sales in terms of revenue.

--- Page 122 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 114 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Group constantly keeps its pricing under review and benchmarks prices against those of its competitors.  
The Group's aim is to provide the most competitive pricing for its main products and offer the widest choice 
to its customers.  The Group places particular emphasis on offering locally produced goods. 
Lithuania  
In 2021, the Group generated 39.2% (representing the largest portion) of its total revenue in Lithuania.  
Maxima Lithuania's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 1,759.5 million, and for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 totalled EUR 1,689.2 million. Maxima Lithuania recorded like-for-like 
revenue growth of 2.9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021. EBITDA for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was EUR 172.8 million and for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 178.4 million. 
Revenue increased by 4.2% between the financial years ended 2020 and 2021 and EBITDA decreased by 
3.1% during the same period.  
Maxima Lithuania was established and started its business on 17 March 1995 and its principal address is at 
Naugarduko str. 84, Vilnius. The principal activity of the company is the retail sale of food and consumer 
goods and services through its network of stores. As at 31 December 2021, the Maxima Lithuania store 
network consisted of 252 stores. During 2021, four new stores were opened, eight stores were renovated 
and four stores were closed. Of these 252 stores, 166 stores are branded "X", 71 are branded "XX" and 15 
are branded "XXX". This represents the Group's largest network of stores in the Baltic States and its second 
largest network overall. 
All store formats are designed to ensure that customers are able to orientate themselves easily and find the 
items that they are looking for. In the XX and XXX stores, part of the commercial area is rented to 
specialised retailers in order to ensure that customers can find all of their goods and services in one place. 
During 2021, the Group focused on the setup and implementation of its new internal store format standard, 
aligning both the layout of stores and the assortment of products. The Group anticipates the first phase of 
this project will be over by the end of 2022 and shall improve both store efficiency and customer experience 
as a result.  
In 2021, the estimated market share of Maxima Lithuania was 31.1%, based on the Group's internal 
calculations and data from the official Lithuanian Statistical Department, with its nearest competitor, Iki, 
estimated by the Group to have a 13.1% market share. In 2021, the Group's major competitors in Lithuania 
were Iki, Norfa and Lidl.  
In 2021, Maxima Lithuania's stores were visited by an average of 419,000 customers per day.  Stores are 
easy to find as they operate in cities, smaller towns and regional centres. Maxima Lithuania provides a 
comprehensive assortment of everyday, wide usage goods and services, in order to be attractive to 
customers and to provide higher quality produce than other market participants.  Maxima Lithuania is proud 
of its close relationship with Lithuanian suppliers. All suppliers are selected on the basis of high quality 
standards and locality to the country, as the Group strives to ensure that high quality and fresh products are 
available to its customers.  In order to meet this objective and satisfy customer needs, Maxima Lithuania 
implements a continuous store network development and modernization programme and work performance 
development and efficiency programmes. In addition, Maxima Lithuania runs a prominent loyalty 
programme "Ačiū" (which translates to "thank you" in English), of which there are nearly two million 
loyalty card accountholders as of the end of 2021. 
At the end of 2021, Maxima Lithuania had 12,334 employees and, together with Barbora and other entities, 
had 13,650 employees in Lithuania. 
Latvia 
In 2021, the Group generated 20.4% of its total revenue in Latvia.  MAXIMA LATVIJA, SIA's ("Maxima 
Latvia") revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 915.2 million, and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 totalled EUR 878.1 million. Maxima Latvia recorded like-for-like revenue growth of 
1.8 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021. EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 
EUR 72.4 million, and for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 78.0 million.  Revenue increased 
by 4.2% between the financial years ended 2020 and 2021 and EBITDA decreased by 7.2% during the 
same period.

--- Page 123 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 115 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Group started its activity in Latvia in 2001 by launching a T-Market store, analogous to Maxima's "X" 
format, with a limited range of products and low prices. As at 31 December 2021, the Maxima Latvia store 
network consisted of 173 stores and the Maxima brand was announced as the "most beloved" retail brand 
in the country and the best value for money brand for the third year in a row, according to the latest rankings 
from the Baltic Brand Forum. During 2021, no new stores were opened, however one store was renovated 
in Riga and five stores were closed. Of these 173 stores, 140 are branded "X", 24 are branded "XX", 8 are 
branded "XXX" and 1 store is a Maxima Express.  
In 2021, the estimated market share of Maxima Latvia was 26.2%, based on the Group's internal 
calculations and data from the official Latvian Statistical Department, with its nearest competitor, Rimi, 
estimated by the Group to have a 24.5% market share and its second main competitor, Top!, estimated to 
have a 9.1% market share. In 2021, Maxima Latvia's stores were visited by an average of 250,000 customers 
per day. 
Maxima Latvia has a long-term loyalty program called "Paldies" (which translates to "thank you" in 
English) available to its customers. Ownership of a "Paldies" card allows customers to save on daily 
purchases, accumulate loyalty points which can be used to pay for future purchases, and to receive special 
discounts or promotional offers at both Maxima Latvia stores and various partner companies. Over 850,000 
customers are members of the "Paldies" programme as at the end of 2021. 
At the end of 2021, Maxima Latvia employed 6,821 employees and, together with Barbora, had 7,113 
employees in Latvia. Being the largest employer in Latvia, Maxima Latvia continues to increase focus on 
the training of employees and provision of better customer service. Employees of the company are among 
the key attributes of Maxima Latvia and the Group is keen to remain an attractive and responsible employer. 
Estonia 
In 2021, the Group generated 11.6% of its total revenue in Estonia.  MAXIMA Eesti OU's ("Maxima 
Estonia") revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 519.8 million, and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 totalled EUR 502.9 million.  Maxima Estonia recorded like-for-like revenue growth of 
2.2 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021. Revenue increased by 3.3% between the financial years 
ended 2020 and 2021 and EBITDA increased by 10.4% during the same period.  
The Group commenced its activity in Estonia in 2001 by launching its first store in the city of Pärnu. Until 
2007, the Group limited its investment in the Estonian retail market, and only T-Market stores were 
operating. However, since then the Group has grown significantly. In 2015, the Group became the first 
retail chain in Estonia to open an online grocery and essentials store, e-Maxima, which was rebranded 
Barbora in 2018. In 2020, the Group became the first retail chain in Estonia to launch the first mobile 
shopping console in the market, which the Estonian Merchants' Association awarded "Trade Deed of the 
Year". 
Maxima Estonia's stores are spread across Estonia, in villages, towns and cities, offering convenience and 
accessibility to customers. All stores, independent of format, are intended to create value by delivering, in 
the view of the Group, the most competitive prices, widest product assortment and high-quality service to 
customers.  In 2021, Maxima Estonia's stores were visited by an average of 131,000 customers per day. As 
at 31 December 2021, the Maxima Estonia store network consisted of 83 stores. During 2021, two new 
stores were opened, no stores were renovated and one store was closed.  Of these 83 stores, 58 stores are 
branded "X", 22 are branded "XX" and 3 are branded "XXX".  The retail network also includes 12 
production shops and a logistics centre.  
In 2021, the estimated market share of Maxima Estonia was 16.3%, based on the Group's internal 
calculations and data from the official Estonian Statistical Department, with its nearest competitor, Selver, 
estimated by the Group to have a 18% market share. In 2021, the Group's major competitors in Estonia 
were market leader Coop, estimated by the Group to have a 24.2% market share, Selver and Rimi.  
Maxima Estonia has a long-term loyalty program called "Aitah" (which translates to "thank you" in English) 
available to its customers. Ownership of an "Aitah" card allows customers to save money on daily purchases 
and exercise various other benefits, including the accumulation of money for future purchases, and the 
availability of special discounts and offers at Group stores and through various partner companies. Over 
500,000 customers are members of the "Aitah" programme and, at the end of 2021, approximately 80% of

--- Page 124 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 116 - 
70-41032542 
 
Estonian households were in possession of a "Aitah" card. As with other loyalty programs operated by the 
Group, "Aitah" also provides the opportunity to collect consumer feedback on the effectiveness of different 
marketing strategies. 
At the end of 2021, Maxima Estonia employed 3,502 employees and, together with Barbora, had 3,763 
employees in Lithuania.  
Poland 
In 2021, the Group generated 24.4% of its total revenue in the Polish market, where the Group operates 
through Stokrotka ("Stokrotka") and, since 2021, through e-grocer Barbora. Stokrotka's revenue for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 1,087.0 million, and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
totalled EUR 974.9 million. Stokrotka recorded like-for-like revenue growth of 6.2 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (at constant exchange rates).  EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 2021 
was EUR 80.2 million, and for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 83.2 million.   
The Group started its activity in Poland in 2012 with the acquisition of 21 Aldik Nova Sp. z.o.o.'s  ("Aldik") 
retail stores. However, it was in 2018, with acquisition of Emperia Holding ("Emperia") that the Group 
significantly increased its presence. Following the acquisition, the Stokrotka stores operated by Emperia 
were merged with Aldik, creating the Groups' dynamic and fast-growing network of small format 
neighbourhood stores. In 2021, Stokrotka's stores were visited by an average of 442,000 customers per day 
As at 31 December 2021, the Stokrotka's store network consisted of 806 stores (including 87 franchised 
stores). During 2021, 90 new stores were opened, 12 stores were renovated and nine stores were closed. 
Two franchised stores were also added to the network. This represents the Group's largest network of stores.  
Stokrotka's assortment of products includes food, cosmetics, household cleaning supplies, alcoholic 
beverages, and fresh produce: bread, cold cuts, fruit and vegetables. This assortment consists of locally-
produced products, some of which are produced in the actual regions where stores are located, as well as 
private label products.  Stokrotka's logistics network includes three distribution centres across Poland: the 
main hub is in Teresin near Warsaw and the other two in Lublin and Psar (which is near to Katowice in the 
Silesia region) and eight regional warehouses. The Group believes that its main advantages over 
competitors include its differentiated selection of produce (including meat, cold cuts, fruits and vegetables), 
the accessibility and convenience of its store locations along with the chain its emphasis on customer 
service.   
In 2021, the estimated market share of the Group in Poland was 2.1%, based on the Group's internal 
calculations and data from the official Polish Statistical Department, which was an increase of 0.2% 
compared to 2020. Stokrotka operates among major competitors like Dino, Biedronka, Kaufland and Lidl 
and smaller chains like Delicatesy centrum, Polomarket.  
Stokrotka has a mobile loyalty application called "Nasza Stokrotka" (which translates to "Our Stokrotka" 
in English) available to its customers. Customers are offered various discounts and loyalty point collection 
and can activate promotional discounts in the mobile application. 
At the end of 2021, Stokrotka employed 11,413 employees and, together with Barbora and other entities, 
the Group had 13,650 employees in Poland, making it the second largest employer among the Group.  
Bulgaria 
In 2021, the Group generated 4.4% of its total revenue in Bulgaria.  MAXIMA Bulgaria EOOD's ("Maxima 
Bulgaria") revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 197.5 million and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 totalled EUR 182.8 million. Maxima Bulgaria recorded like-for-like revenue 
growth of 0.4 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021.  EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 
2021 was EUR 13.3 million and for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 11.8 million.   
The Group commenced its activity in Bulgaria in 2005 by launching its first T-Market store, which is 
analogous to an "X" store.  Since then the Group has grown significantly, even in challenging economic 
conditions, through a mix of organic growth and acquisitions. As at 31 December 2021, the Maxima 
Bulgaria store network consisted of 98 stores. During 2021, 10 new stores were opened, no stores were 
renovated or closed.   During 2021, the Group converted all of its T-Market stores, except former XX-

--- Page 125 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 117 - 
70-41032542 
 
format stores, to its new internal format standard with the goal of delivering better customer experience.  In 
2021, an average 84,000 people were served a day across the T-Market network. 
In 2021 the estimated market share of the Group in Bulgaria was 2.5%, based on the Group's internal 
calculations and data from the official Bulgarian Statistical Department. In 2021, the Group's major 
competitors in Bulgaria were CBA, Lidl, Kaufland Billa and Fantastico. In addition to its 98 stores across 
Bulgaria, the Group has an e-commerce offering in Sofia and Pernik, Plovdiv and Stara Zagora. 
The Group believes the main competitive advantage of T-Market is that customers perceive it to offer well-
known brands at the best prices on the market. In 2019, T-Market became the first supermarket to install 
self-service check-out technology in its store and, by the end of 2021, there were a total of 22 self-check 
out tills across the network.  
At 
the 
end 
of 
2021, T-Market employed 
2,262 
employees 
throughout 
Bulgaria.   
"Modern trade", which is classed as consumer spending in modern retail stores, accounts for approximately 
50% of the retail market in Bulgaria, with the remaining 50% made-up of market places, independent mini-
markets, grocery stores and convenience stores.  The Group believes this is an indication of good potential 
for development in Bulgaria, as demonstrated by the Group's growth over the last three years.  
Suppliers and Sourcing  
In 2021, the Group worked with more than 5,000 suppliers. The Group values the relationships it has 
fostered with its suppliers and over 64% of suppliers have been working with the Group for over five years. 
As a result, the Group has limited concentration risk, with the top 10 and 20 and suppliers contributing 9% 
and 26% of total company purchases, respectively. Negotiations with major suppliers are carried out 
centrally at a Group level. 
As the Group has expanded its geographical reach throughout the Baltic States, Poland and Bulgaria, the 
Group has changed its traditional centralised delivery model and has moved to a decentralised model where 
the supply chain is directly managed in each country of operation. Each of the Group's retail subsidiaries is 
therefore primarily responsible for expanding the regionality and local sourcing of products. This 
decentralised model accounts for approximately 84% of products, negotiation, and purchasing processes.   
The remaining 16% of the Group’s supply chain remains on a centralised delivery model, overseen by 
Maxima IS. Maxima IS provides centralised sourcing, purchasing, and negotiation services to across the 
Group, develops private label brands, and engages in wholesale activities. As a wholesaler, Maxima IS 
buys goods from suppliers and delivers the products to warehouses or directly to stores.   
The Group manages and operates owned and leased regional warehouses. The benefits of retaining a 
centralised delivery model for certain products includes increased operational efficiency and also allows 
the Group to control the quality of its products and service better. Except for Stokrotka, which rents more 
than 90 trucks and Barbora which owns its vehicles, the Group does not have its own delivery fleet and 
instead relies on contracts with local operators. Most non-food items are purchased through Maxima IS, 
which assures that their quality can be thoroughly checked. This is a two-stage process; when a product is 
introduced, manufacturers submit certificates for assessment; if the certificates pass the Group's standards, 
the products are then separately tested under laboratory conditions. 
Property 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group owned 33.5% of its trading space, with 7.5% rented from associated 
companies and 59.1% rented from third parties (including franchised areas). In terms of the number of 
stores, 22.3% were owned,  3.5% were rented from associated companies and 74.2% rented from third 
parties; this reflects the high proportion of small format stores in Poland, with 589 stores, or 73.1%, rented 
from third parties.

--- Page 126 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 118 - 
70-41032542 
 
The trading area of each of the Group's stores in each jurisdiction are summarised in the table below (figures 
given in square metres): 
 
31 December 
Stores trade area  
2021  
2020 
 
(thousand square metres) 
Lithuania (Maxima Lithuania) .......................................................................... 
                  324.2   
               316.9   
Latvia (Maxima Latvia) .................................................................................... 
                  156.1   
               156.9   
Estonia (Maxima Estonia) ................................................................................. 
                    95.8   
                 93.5   
Bulgaria (T-Market) .......................................................................................... 
                    56.7   
                 50.7   
Poland (Stokrotka) ............................................................................................ 
                  305.2(1)   
               281.9  
Total ................................................................................................................. 
                  938   
899.9 
Notes:  
(1) 
Includes 23,19 thousand square metre trading area of franchised stores 
Information Technology 
The Group's information technology support and development is managed centrally, except for equipment 
hardware support for shop IT systems which is outsourced to local partners. The Group has centralised IT 
governance and development functions based in Franmax, and also provides IT support to the shops in each 
country in which it operates, except for Stokrotka and Barbora which have local or outsourced IT teams. 
The Group has an in-house development team for SAP based solutions, but otherwise relies on outsourcing 
partners for IT systems development. Hardware that runs and manages core operating data is fully backed 
up with separate contingency systems to provide real time back-up operations should they ever be required. 
The Group also maintains a system for the control and reporting of access to its critical IT systems. This is 
supported by periodical testing of access controls. The Group has policies covering the protection of both 
business and personal information, as well as the use of IT systems and applications by the Group's 
employees. 
Capital Expenditure 
The Group's Capex (as defined below) was EUR 108.2 million in 2021 and EUR 88.9 million in 2020. The 
Group's main Capex was into newly opened stores and store renovations.   
Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") 
The Group views sustainability activities as integral to its business and has established five policy areas for 
sustainable projects:  People, Customers, Supply Chain, Communities and Environment.  In addition, the 
Group has established a working group called "IMPACT+" to develop a set of sustainability goals for the 
Group which is comprised of members of the Board, the senior leadership team and employees from across 
the Group's operations.  In the meantime, and since 2019, the Group has been part of the United Nations 
Global Compact Initiative and contributes to nine of the sustainable development goals ("SDG"); SDG 2, 
SDG 4, SDG 5, SDG 8, SDG 10, SDG 11, SDG 12, SDG 13 and SDG 17.  The Group has also developed 
a unified internal CSR reporting system which forms the basis of the Group's annual CSR report. The annual 
CSR report is published in the Group's annual report.   
Trend Information 
There has been no material, adverse change in the Issuer's prospects since 31 December 2021, the date of 
its latest audited financial statements.  
Recent Developments 
Completion of secured credit agreement 
In April 2022, Maxima Lithuania entered into a €39 million secured credit agreement (the "Facility"). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has fully drawn down under the Facility.

--- Page 127 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 119 - 
70-41032542 
 
Completion of second issue of Short-Term Notes 
In March 2022, the Group successfully completed its second commercial paper offering with a maturity of 
March 2023 and an aggregate principal amount of EUR 35 million (the "Short-Term Notes"). The Short-
Term Notes are not listed and were subscribed by various institutional investors. The Short-Term Notes are 
unsecured and will be used for general short-term financing purposes of the Group.  
Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine. Many countries, including members of 
the European Union, condemned the attack and imposed economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus.  
After the invasion, the Group removed goods of Russian and Belarussian origin from its retail stores and 
discontinued further orders of such goods. The Group monitors the list of sanctions against Russia and 
Belarus and ceases business relationships with sanctioned entities. The Group demonstrates its support for 
Ukraine by providing humanitarian food aid.  
The management of the Group monitors the situation in Ukraine on a daily basis and adjusts business 
operations locally as needed. The Group does not have subsidiaries in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and does 
not have direct sales to the entities in these countries. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, management 
of the Group considers it impracticable to provide a quantitative estimate of the potential impact on the 
Group and the Group has not included any provisions in this regard in the 2021 Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 128 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 120 - 
70-41032542 
 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer has a three-tier management system, comprising the Supervisory Board, the Management Board 
(the "Board") and the General Director of the Issuer (the "Manager" or "CEO"). Its Board is responsible 
for the strategic management and adopts decisions on the core transactions to be concluded by the Issuer, 
while its Supervisory Board is the body that oversees the activities of the Board and the CEO. The CEO is 
a one-person executive management body that manages the Issuer's day-to-day operations and represents 
the Issuer in its dealings with third parties.   
The Issuer's main retail and real estate subsidiaries also have their own single person management boards 
and CEOs, depending on local requirements and management board and CEO (in Lithuania). The CEOs of 
Maxima Lithuania, Maxima Latvia, Maxima Estonia, T-Market and Stokrotka have seats on the Issuer's 
Board. 
The Supervisory Board is a collegial supervisory body provided for in the Issuer's Articles of Association 
(the "Articles of Association"), which is responsible for supervising the activities of the Issuer and its 
management bodies, including the appointment and removal of the members of the Board, submitting its 
comments and proposals to the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer (the "General Meeting") on 
the Issuer's operating strategy, sets of financial statements and other reports and the activities of the Board 
and the CEO.  
The Board is a collegial management body provided for in the Articles of Association. The Board does not 
have executive powers and its main function is adopting the strategic decisions of the Issuer, and it is also 
responsible for the appointment and removal of the CEO, calling General Meetings, and adoption of other 
corporate decisions which are economically feasible for the Issuer. The powers and responsibilities of the 
Board are set forth in detail in the Law on Companies.  
The Board currently consists of six members, and the Supervisory Board consists of three members.    
The CEO is appointed by the Board but is not necessarily a member of the Board. The CEO manages daily 
operations of the Issuer and acts on its behalf. For certain transactions with a high value (i.e. certain 
transactions, the value of which exceeds 1/20 of the authorised capital of the Issuer) and important strategic 
decisions (such as decisions to incorporate or take up a shareholding in other entities) the CEO needs to get 
the prior approval of the Board.  
The Management Board 
The members of the Board are elected and removed by the Supervisory Board. The term of office of the 
Board is four years. According to the Articles of Association, the Board consists of eight members. 
Currently six of eight Directors of the Board have been elected and two positions are vacant, although there 
are no current plans to fill these roles. The Board elects the Chairman of the Board from among its members. 
The term of office of the current Board started in October 2020. The term of office shall not last longer than 
the date of the annual General Meeting convened in the last year of the tenure of the respective Board. 
There is no limitation on the number of terms of office that a member of the Board may serve.  
The Board makes decisions by a simple majority of the votes of all its members. In the event of a tie, the 
vote of the chairman of the Board shall be a casting vote. A quorum is present when at least two thirds of 
members of the Board is present at a meeting. Each member of the Board has one vote. When necessary in 
matters of urgency, a decision may be made by the Board without holding a meeting. The Board has 
discretion to invite to its meetings members of the Supervisory Board, employees, or other persons. Under 
the Law of Companies, the CEO has to be invited into all meetings of the Board and provided with the 
opportunity to familiarise himself with the agenda items, if he is not also the member of the Board. 
A total of 5 decision making meetings of the Board took place in 2021. So far in 2022, a total of 3 decision 
making meetings of the Board have taken place. In addition to decision making meetings, the Board meets

--- Page 129 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 121 - 
70-41032542 
 
on a regular basis to discuss current business matter of the Issuer. No minutes of such meetings are written 
if formal decisions are not made during them.  
The Board Members, their positions and dates of appointment are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment  
Other Principal Activities 
Mantas Kuncaitis............  Chairman of the Board  
 
October 2020 
CEO of the Issuer  
Tomas Rupšys ................  Board Member  
 
December 2020  
CEO of Maxima Lithuania 
Karolina Zygmantaitė.....  Board Member  
 
March 2022 
CEO of Maxima Latvia 
Arūnas Zimnickas ..........  Board Member  
 
September 2017 
President of the Management Board of Emperia 
and Stokrotka 
 
Edvinas Volkas ..............  Board Member  
 
May 2019 
General Director of Maxima Estonia 
 
Petar Petrov Pavlov ........  Board Member  
 
April 2020 
CEO of T-Market 
 
 
The following are short profiles of the members of the Board: 
Mantas Kuncaitis: Previously served as CEO and board member of UAB "Vilniaus prekyba" and other 
managerial positions. Until joining the Group, he held various legal and administrative positions at 
international companies in London, such as Promontory Financial Group, an IBM company. Mr. Kuncaitis 
has a bachelor degree in University of Greenwich and master degree in European Political Economy, at 
King‘s College London.    
Tomas Rupšys: Mr. Rupšys joined related companies of the Issuer in 2017, and since then, he had diverse 
managerial positions in related retail companies. Since 2020, he was leading Maxima Latvia. He is currently 
CEO and chairman of the board at Maxima Lithuania. His education is Business Administration, 
Management and Operations at Dublin Business School, and Accounting Technology/Technician and 
Bookkeeping/Payroll at IBAT College Dublin. 
Karolina Zygmantaitė: Ms. Zygmantaitė joined related companies of the Issuer in 2020. Until 
appointment as CEO of Maxima Latvia, she has been serving as CFO of Maxima Grupė, and other financial 
and administrative positions. Until then she had experience in audit and managing finance teams. Her 
education is master degree of Accounting and Audit, as well as bachelor degree both at Vilnius University.  
Arūnas Zimnickas: Mr. Zimnickas previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Maxima Lithuania, 
Maxima Latvia and Maxima Estonia and has held managerial positions in other Group companies. Mr 
Zimnickas has a bachelor's degree in economics from Vilnius University and master's degree in 
international business relations from International Business School at Vilnius University. 
  
Edvinas Volkas: Mr. Volkas joined related companies of the Issuer in 2001. Until appointment of CEO of 
Maxima Estonia, he served as CEO of T-Market, previous to that – held different managerial positions in 
the group. Mr. Volkas educational background is Business administration at International Business School 
of Vilnius University.  
 
Petar Petrov Pavlov: Mr. Pavlov started his career in T-Market in 2005, when the company was 
established. In 2017 he was appointed Chief Administrative Officer, and as of 2019 serves as CEO of T-
Market. Mr. Pavlov serves board member of MAXIMA GRUPĖ as of 2020. Mr. Pavlov’s educational 
background is Law at Sofia University St. Kliment Ohridski.  
 
 
Supervisory Board  
All members of the Supervisory Board are elected by the General Meeting for a term of four years, and the 
term of office of the current Supervisory Board started on 3 March 2022. According to the Articles of 
Association, the Supervisory Board consists of five members. Currently three of five members of the 
Supervisory Board have been elected and two positions are vacant, although there are no current plans to 
fill these roles. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board is elected from among the members of the 
Supervisory Board. The term of office of the Supervisory Board shall not last longer than until the annual

--- Page 130 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 122 - 
70-41032542 
 
General Meeting convened in the last year of the tenure of the Supervisory Board. There is no limitation 
on the number of terms of office a member of the Supervisory Board may serve. 
The Supervisory Board's competence includes, among other powers, the: 
• 
approval of the business strategy of the Issuer; 
• 
election and removal of members of the Board; and 
• 
provision of comments and suggestions to the General Meeting covering the Issuer's sets of 
financial statements. 
The Supervisory Board makes decisions by a simple majority of the participating members. Where equal 
votes are cast "for" and "against", the Chairman of the Supervisory Board shall have the casting vote. 
Decisions to remove a member of the Board from office may be adopted if at least two thirds of the 
Supervisory Board members present vote for such decision. The quorum for a meeting of the Supervisory 
Board is more than half of the seats of members (i.e. at least 3 members must be present). Each Supervisory 
Board member has one vote.  
According to the rules of procedures of the Supervisory Board, the meetings of the Supervisory Board shall 
be held at least once per quarter. When necessary in matters of urgency, a decision may be made by the 
Supervisory Board without holding a meeting. The meetings of the Supervisory Board are convened by the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board. The meetings of the Supervisory Board may also be convened by the 
decision taken by at least of one third of the Supervisory Board members. At its discretion, the Supervisory 
Board may invite members of the governing bodies, employees, or other persons to its meetings. 
The members of the Supervisory Board, their positions and dates of appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment  
Other Principal Activities 
Evelina Černienė ............  Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
March 2022 
CFO and Board Member of UAB Vilniaus prekyba 
Laimonas Devyžis ..........  Member of 
Supervisory Board  
 
March 2022 
Board Member of UAB Vilniaus prekyba 
Manfredas Dargužis .......  Member of 
Supervisory Board  
March 2022 
CEO and Chairman of the Board of Akropolis 
Group, UAB  
 
The following are short profiles of the members of the Supervisory Board: 
Evelina Černienė: Ms. Černienė is CFO and a board member at UAB, Vilniaus prekyba with extensive 
experience in financial management at diverse companies as well as audit experience in audit firm. She is 
also the member of Maxima Grupė audit committee.  
Laimonas Devyžis: Mr. Devyžis is a board member at UAB Vilniaus prekyba. Previously, he served as 
CEO of UAB Vilniaus prekyba, CEO and member of the board of EUROAPOTHECA, UAB and UAB 
EUROVAISTINĖ. Until joining joined related companies of the Issuer in 2019, he held CFO positions at 
AB "Omnitel" and AB "Lietuvos draudimas". Mr. Devyžis has a bachelor’s degree in Economics and 
Management at Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. 
 
Manfredas Dargužis: Mr. Dargužis is a CEO and chairman of the board of Akropolis Group. He has more 
than 12 years of experience in the asset management industry. Until joining joined related companies of the 
Issuer, he served as a fund manager in Lord LB Asset Management, and previously – financial consultant 
in Danske Bank. His educational background is banking and international finance studies at CAAS 
Business School in London. 
Chief Executive Officer 
Day-to-day activities of the Group are managed by the sole management body of the Issuer – the Chief 
Executive Officer (General Director) who is elected and revoked by the Board. The CEO organises day to 
day activities of the Issuer and hires and dismisses employees.

--- Page 131 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 123 - 
70-41032542 
 
The CEO is supported by a senior executive team comprising the chief financial officer; head of legal 
services; head of personnel; head of mergers and acquisitions, head of sustainability and corporate affairs 
and head of internal audit. 
Conflicts of Interest 
No member of the Supervisory Board or of the Board or the CEO has any potential conflict of interest 
between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties.  
The business address of each of the Board, Supervisory Board and CEO are provided below:  
Name 
Business Address 
Mantas Kuncaitis............  Savanorių Ave. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
 
Tomas Rupšys ................  Naugarduko str. 84, Vilnius, Lithuania 
 
Karolina Zygmantaitė.....  257 Maskavas iela Riga, LV-1019 Latvia 
 
Arūnas Zimnickas ..........  20- 209 Lublin, ul. Projektowa 1, Lublin, Poland 
  
Edvinas Volkas ..............  Aiandi st. 13/2, 12918 Tallinn, Estonia  
 
Petar Petrov Pavlov ........  Sofia PK 1517, Poduyane District, 247 Botevgradsko Shosse Str., Bulgaria 
 
Evelina Černienė ............  Ozo str. 25, Vilnius, Lithuania 
 
Laimonas Devyžis ..........  Ozo str. 25, Vilnius, Lithuania 
 
Manfredas Dargužis .......  Ozo str. 25, Vilnius, Lithuania 
 
Audit Committee 
The Issuer's audit committee comprises  
Irena Petruškevičienė, (independent member, Chairwoman of the Audit committee), Rasa Milašiūnienė, 
(independent member) and Evelina Černienė (member).  The primary duties of the audit committee are:  
• 
to monitor the audit of financial statements; 
• 
to review and monitor the independence of the Issuer's auditors; 
• 
to monitor the external auditors election process and provision of recommendations on its 
appointment; 
• 
approval of the acquisition of specific non-audit services from the company’s auditor; and 
• 
monitoring of internal control and internal audit at the company. 
The Issuer has an internal audit department which reports to the CEO, the Board and the Audit Committee. 
The internal audit team is responsible for the auditing procedures of the Issuer's consolidated subsidiaries.   
The Issuer has no formal rotation policy for its external auditors. Tender for the selection of auditors is 
made every 3 years.    
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed 38,482 employees, with 36,332 employed in Group retail 
operators and 2,150 employed in Barbora and other companies, making the Group the largest employer in 
the Baltic States.  The Group pays social security contributions to the respective state social security funds 
in the relevant jurisdictions on behalf of its employees based on defined contribution plans. Social security 
contributions are recognised as expenses on an accrual basis, and the Group does not have any defined 
benefit obligations.

--- Page 132 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 124 - 
70-41032542 
 
Licences  
The Group companies currently hold licences to engage in retail trade in alcoholic beverages and tobacco 
products that are obtained locally. Certain registrations and authorisations required for the operation of 
specific parts of business are also held, including in respect of food handling, compliance with cash register 
system software, payment card compliance and the sale of plant protection products. The need for such 
requirements is prescribed on a country by country basis. 
Insurance  
The Group maintains a portfolio of insurance policies to help protect it against loss or damage incurred 
from a wide variety of insurable risks. Each year, the Group reviews with its professional insurance advisers 
whether the insurance policies and associated coverage that it maintains are sufficient to adequately protect 
it from the various types of risk to which it is exposed. Analysis takes into account various pertinent factors, 
such as the likelihood that it would incur a material loss from any given risk, as well as the cost of obtaining 
insurance coverage against any such risk.  
Currently the Group holds property, business interruption, general liability, employer's liability, directors' 
and officers', cargo, health, accident, motor and travel insurance policies. The Group believes it maintains 
adequate insurance coverage for the Group's operations and that the scope of the coverage is in line with 
industry norms. However, there are certain risks (including cybercrime, employee criminal actions and 
political unrest) for which not all the Group are insured, and it may not have sufficient insurance coverage 
for damages and liabilities that may arise in the course of the Group's business operations (see "Risk Factors 
– The Group's insurance coverage may not be adequate"). 
Risk Management  
The Group is managed on an integrated basis, with centralised financial reporting and controls.  The Issuer, 
as holding company, seeks to standardise management and financial reporting across the Group in order to 
provide for clear comparability across its subsidiaries. The Group also adopts a centralised approach to 
investment management, a variety of financing arrangements and transactions between related companies. 
In order to mitigate its exposure to risks described below, the Group conducts specific analysis, monitoring, 
management and control activities.   
Financial risk  
The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial 
performance of the Group. 
Foreign currency exchange risk. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various 
currency exposures primarily with respect to USD due to purchasing of goods in foreign countries while 
income is mostly denominated in euro. The potential adverse effect from foreign exchange risk is 
substantially diminished, because the Group companies use foreign currency policies for the management 
of open currency exposure by currency acquisitions.  The Group is using derivative financial instruments 
to be able to hedge its risks arising from foreign currency fluctuations ("forwards"). 
Interest rate risk. The Group's interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings. The Group is exposed to 
cash flow interest rate risk as some of the Group's borrowings are subject to floating interest rates related 
to EURIBOR. The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed interest rate 
swaps or borrowing at fixed rates directly. Interest rate swaps have the economic effect of converting 
borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Under the interest rate swaps, the Group agrees with other 
parties to exchange, at specified intervals (primarily quarterly), the difference between fixed contract rates 
and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts. 
Credit risk 
The Group's credit risk arises from its trade and other receivables, contract assets, cash and cash equivalents 
and loans granted. The management considers that the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk is reflected

--- Page 133 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 125 - 
70-41032542 
 
by the carrying amount of financial assets.  The credit risk of liquid funds (cash and cash equivalents) is 
limited because the counterparties are banks with investment credit ratings assigned by international credit-
ratings agencies or subsidiaries of such banks. Sales to retail customers are settled in cash or using credit 
cards. Each Group's entity is responsible for managing and analysing credit risk for each of its new and 
existing clients. An impairment analysis of outstanding balances is performed at each reporting date using 
a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for 
groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, type of 
service, collateral received). Some of the Group’s accounts receivable are secured by pledged real estate 
and bank guarantees and insurance. 
Liquidity risk 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk due to different maturity profiles of receivables and payables. The 
major amount of the Group's operating cash is collected from retail customers, therefore the Group does 
not have significant amount of trade receivables. Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining 
sufficient cash and the availability of funding. The management believes that the Group will have sufficient 
cash resources through earning cash from operating activities and utilising available financing instruments. 
Compliance risks 
The Group is committed to a high level of compliance with relevant legislation, regulation, industry codes 
and standards as well as internal policies. Identified breaches of compliance will be remedied as soon as 
practicable. The Group has no appetite for deliberate or purposeful violations of legislative or regulatory 
requirements, moreover the Group adopted a strong and effective internal control system to avoid fraud and 
misleading representation on its financial reports. Any residual risk is managed using specific insurance 
policies to protect corporate assets and provide liability coverage in the event of harm caused to third parties 
by accidents. 
Capital Structure  
The Issuer's authorised share capital amounts to EUR 1,019,262,730.30 comprised of 3,514,699,070 
ordinary shares of nominal value EUR 0.29 each.   
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's long-term borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) consisted of EUR 
403.6 million of bank loans and bonds. There were no borrowings from related parties. The Group's short 
term borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) consisted of EUR 100.6 million of bank loans and bonds. 
The Group's bank loans are secured by cash in certain bank accounts and the Group's property, plant and 
equipment and investment properties.  The Group has also pledged certain lease contracts. As of 31 
December 2021, approximately 28% of the Group's debt portfolio was secured and the remainder 
unsecured. 
At the end of the 2021 financial year, the Group had undrawn borrowing facilities of EUR 67 million.  
Approximately 91% of the Group's debt facilities carry a fixed rate of interest and approximately 9% 
variable rate.  Of the Group's borrowings as at 31 December 2021, EUR 100.6 million fall due for repayment 
in 2022, with EUR 337.3 million falling due in 2023, EUR 29.1 million in 2024, EUR 12.6 million in 2025, 
and EUR 24.5 million from 2026 onwards (excluding the impact of any Notes issued under the Programme). 
A detailed overview of the maturity profiles of the Group's non-derivative financial liabilities can be found 
at Note 17 (Borrowings (except for lease liabilities)) of the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements"). 
The Group’s capital management strategy aims to continually optimise its financial structure by 
maintaining an optimum balance between net debt and EBITDA, equity and total assets. 
The Issuer's share capital is indirectly owned by three main investors, Nerijus Numa (87.25%.), Ignas 
Staškevičius (2.98%.), Vladas Numavičius (9.76%.) who indirectly hold their interests through a holding 
company, Vilniaus Prekyba which owns 100% of the Issuer's share capital. The ultimate shareholder is 
Metodika B.V. ("Metodika"), incorporated in the Netherlands.

--- Page 134 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 126 - 
70-41032542 
 
The Group is part of the Metodika group, which owns retail, pharmacy, real estate and FMCG production 
businesses across the Baltic States, Poland and Sweden. There are also other groups and companies related 
through the controlling shareholder Mr. N. Numa that are not part of the Metodika group, although to the 
best of the Issuer's knowledge, the Metodika group is the controlling shareholder's main asset. All 
agreements between related parties are aimed to be concluded on arm's length basis (see "Related Party 
Transactions") below.  
Day to day management decisions are taken independently by the Board, without shareholder input, 
although the long-term strategies of the Group are discussed and agreed with Vilniaus Prekyba. Part of 
Members of the Board of Vilniaus Prekyba also hold positions on the Supervisory Board of the Issuer. 
Dividend distribution policy 
The Issuer has a dividend distribution policy in place ensuring that a balanced and consistent policy is 
implemented pursuant to the applicable legislation in relation to the interests of the shareholders and the 
Issuer and maintaining a transparent policy towards the creditors and all stakeholders.  
The Board recommends a dividend pay-out ratio based on a number of factors, including return on equity 
and leverage. 
The dividends declared and paid by the Issuer in 2021 and 2020 amounted to EUR 106.0 million (EUR 
0.030 per share) and EUR 86.6 million (EUR 0.025 per share), respectively. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, dividends declared and paid by the Issuer in 2022 amounted to EUR 95.0 million (EUR 0.027 
per share). 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings  
From time to time, the Group may be a party to litigation claims and legal proceedings, including claims 
and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Group evaluates any litigation claims 
and legal proceedings to which it is a party to assess the likelihood of unfavourable outcomes and to 
estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, if any, the 
Group establishes reserves and/or discloses the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings as 
appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the 
time and involve significant management judgement.  
The Group has not made any provisions in relation to legal or regulatory proceedings. See Note 30 
(Contingent Liabilities) of the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
As noted in Note 30 (Contingent Liabilities) of the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the 
corporate income tax of Emperia Holding Sp. Z o.o. for the 2011 fiscal was under review by the Tax 
Chamber of Warsaw following a decision of the Supreme Administrative Court.  On 20 April 2022, the 
Tax Chamber of Warsaw cancelled the appeal and returned the matter to the Tax Chamber of Lublin to re-
examine the facts of the case. The Tax Chamber of Lublin could still issue an unfavourable decision.  The 
Group has not made any provision in its 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term senior unsecured credit rating of BB+ by S&P. 
Related Party Transactions  
The relationships between the Group and its related parties, identified according to the principles of 
International Accounting Standard 24 ("IAS 24"), primarily consist of financing and business transactions 
relating to the sale and purchase of goods and services. They fall within the activities carried out by the 
Group in the ordinary course of its business, and mostly comprise goods for resale, consulting services, 
franchise fees, rental services and borrowings from related parties.  
The Group's transactions with its related parties are regulated by applicable laws in the respective countries, 
where the Group companies are conducting business, Articles of Association and transfer pricing 
documents, which provide for comprehensive regulation of rules concerning related party transactions and

--- Page 135 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 127 - 
70-41032542 
 
conflicts of interest between a company and members of its Board or Supervisory Board (and persons close 
to such members). 
All transactions with related parties are conducted on an arm's length basis. 
See Note 28 (Related party transactions) of the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for further 
information.

--- Page 136 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 128 - 
70-41032542 
 
Selected Financial Information relating to the Issuer 
The following tables set out in summary form consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flows information relating to the 
Issuer. Such information is derived from the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. The 
financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union. Such financial statements, together with the reports of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, including the accompanying notes, appear elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with such financial 
statements, reports and the notes thereto. 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
At 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
EUR (thousands) 
ASSETS 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment .................................................................................  
749,310 
713,622 
Right-of-use assets ...................................................................................................  
660,626 
674,801 
Investment properties ...............................................................................................  
18,412 
16,581 
Intangible assets (except for goodwill) .....................................................................  
42,737 
46,368 
Goodwill ..................................................................................................................  
207,073 
207,670 
Non-current receivables and prepayments ...............................................................  
16,908 
16,605 
Deferred tax assets ...................................................................................................  
7,255 
10,093 
 .................................................................................................................................  
1,702,321 
1,685,740 
Current assets 
 
 
Inventories ...............................................................................................................  
345,322 
338,136 
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short term financial assets ......  
75,618 
69,352 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................................  
219,045 
183,523 
 .................................................................................................................................  
639,985 
591,012 
TOTAL ASSETS ....................................................................................................  
2,342,306 
2,276,752 
 
 
 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital.............................................................................................................  
1,019,263 
1,019,263 
Share premium .........................................................................................................  
41,352 
41,352 
Legal reserve ............................................................................................................  
53,359 
43,767 
Reverse acquisition reserve ......................................................................................  
(1,430,271) 
(1,430,271) 
Other reserves ..........................................................................................................  
342 
(622) 
Foreign currency translation reserve ........................................................................  
(32,933) 
(30,057) 
Retained earnings .....................................................................................................  
763,810 
744,021 
Total equity............................................................................................................. 
414,922 
387,453 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities) ...................................................................  
403,553 
453,158 
Lease liabilities ........................................................................................................  
585,170 
592,185 
Deferred tax liabilities ..............................................................................................  
15,734 
18,401 
Other non-current liabilities .....................................................................................  
5,934 
3,248 
 .................................................................................................................................  
1,010,391 
1,066,992 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities) ...................................................................  
100,645 
42,256 
Lease liabilities ........................................................................................................  
97,840 
96,658 
Current income tax liabilities ...................................................................................  
2,588 
5,930 
Trade and other payables .........................................................................................  
715,920 
677,463 
 .................................................................................................................................  
916,993 
822,308 
Total liabilities ........................................................................................................ 
1,927,384 
1,889,299 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES ................................................................ 
2,342,306  
2,276,752

--- Page 137 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 129 - 
70-41032542 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
EUR (thousands) 
Revenue ...................................................................................................................  
4,484,771 
4,225,603 
Cost of sales .............................................................................................................  
(4,116,152) 
(3,845,539) 
Operating expenses ..................................................................................................  
(179,544) 
(167,670) 
Other gains (losses) ..................................................................................................  
2,505 
(1,117) 
Profit from operations ........................................................................................... 
191,580 
211,279 
Finance income ........................................................................................................  
503 
376 
Finance costs ............................................................................................................  
(38,079) 
(36,863) 
Finance costs, net .....................................................................................................  
(37,576) 
(36,486) 
 
 
 
Profit before tax .....................................................................................................  
154,004 
174,792 
 
 
 
Income tax expense  .................................................................................................  
(18,623) 
(22,211) 
Net profit ................................................................................................................ 
135,381 
152,581 
Net profit attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the parent .....................................................................................  
135,381 
152,581 
 .................................................................................................................................  
 
135,381 
152,581 
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations .......................................  
(2,876) 
(20,481) 
Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges .........................................................................  
964 
(485) 
Other comprehensive income ................................................................................ 
(1,912) 
(20,966) 
Total comprehensive income .................................................................................  
133,469 
131,615 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: ......................................................  
 
 
Equity holders of the parent .....................................................................................  
133,469 
131,615 
 .................................................................................................................................  
133,469 
131,615 
 
Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the 
parent (EUR) ..........................................................................................................  
 
 
Basic/Diluted) ..........................................................................................................  
0.039 
0.043

--- Page 138 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 130 - 
70-41032542 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
EUR (thousands) 
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Net profit  ........................................................................................................... 
135,381 
152,581 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Depreciation .................................................................................................... 
160,678 
154,163 
Amortisation .................................................................................................... 
9,030 
10,903 
Property, plant & equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets impairment 
charge (reversal) .............................................................................................. 
2,843 
 
8,054 
(Profit) /loss on disposal and write-offs of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets............................................................................................... 
55 
2,056 
(Profit) / loss on disposal of subsidiaries ......................................................... 
(194) 
50 
Income tax expense ......................................................................................... 
18,623 
22,211 
Interest expenses ............................................................................................. 
38,810 
34,849 
Interest income ................................................................................................ 
(503) 
(376) 
Fair value (gains) losses on derivative financial instruments ........................... 
964 
(485) 
Changes in working capital ................................................................................ 
 
 
-  trade and other receivables .............................................................................. 
(5,762) 
(863) 
-  inventories ....................................................................................................... 
(7,153) 
(9,186) 
-  reverse factoring arrangements ........................................................................ 
3,880 
3,963 
-  trade and other payables .................................................................................. 
27,715 
(42,261) 
Cash generated from operations ...................................................................... 
384,367 
335,658 
Income tax paid .................................................................................................. 
(22,439) 
(24,923) 
Net cash generated from operating activities .................................................. 
361,928 
310,735 
 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and investment 
properties ............................................................................................................ 
(105,715) 
(99,752) 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment ................................... 
4,905 
5,695 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired ................................................ 
- 
(1,235) 
Proceeds (outflow) from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed .............. 
(51) 
(175) 
Loans granted ..................................................................................................... 
(320) 
(72) 
Proceeds from repayment of loans granted ......................................................... 
151 
70 
Interest received .................................................................................................. 
11 
19 
Acquisition of lease contracts ............................................................................. 
(4,375) 
- 
Finance sublease receivable collected ................................................................. 
3,100 
2,953 
Net cash (used in) investing activities  ............................................................. 
(102,294) 
(92,498) 
FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Proceeds from borrowings .................................................................................. 
57,915 
- 
Repayment of borrowings ................................................................................... 
(50,525) 
(90,038) 
Payment of principal portion on lease liabilities ................................................. 
(88,420) 
(86,207) 
Dividends paid .................................................................................................... 
(106,000) 
(86,562) 
Interest paid, including interest on leases  ........................................................... 
(37,271) 
(33,465) 
Net cash (used in) financing activities ............................................................. 
(224,301) 
(296,272) 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ..................................... 
35,333 
(78,035) 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE 
BEGINNING OF THE YEAR ......................................................................... 
183,523 
261,559 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE 
END OF THE YEAR ........................................................................................ 
218,856 
183,523

--- Page 139 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 131 - 
70-41032542 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures ("APM"s) for the 
purposes of the guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority. Certain of the 
financial measures included in "Description of the Issuer" can be characterised as APMs and set out below 
are clarifications as to the meaning of such measures. 
This Base Prospectus includes EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net debt, net debt to equity, net debt to EBITDA 
and Capex which are APMs: 
 
Unaudited 
as of and for the year ended  
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR in millions, except 
percentages and ratios) 
EBITDA .................................................................................................................................  
366.3 
385.4 
EBITDA Margin ....................................................................................................................  
8.2% 
9.1% 
Net debt ..................................................................................................................................  
968.2 
1,000.7 
Net debt to equity ...................................................................................................................  
2.3x 
2.6x 
Net debt to EBITDA ..............................................................................................................  
2.6x 
2.6x 
Capex .....................................................................................................................................  
108.2 
88.9 
 
 
 
Information regarding these measures is sometimes used to evaluate the efficiency of the Group’s 
operations and its ability to apply its earnings towards the repayment of debt. There are no generally 
accepted principles governing the calculation of APMs, and the criteria upon which these measures are 
based can vary from company to company. APMs, by themselves, do not provide a sufficient basis to 
compare the Group’s performance with that of other companies and should not be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for operating profit or any other measure as an indicator of operating performance, or as 
an alternative to cash generated from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. The Group does not 
regard the APMs as a substitute for, or superior to, the equivalent measures that are calculated in accordance 
with IFRS. The APMs measures presented in this Prospectus may not be comparable to other similarly 
titled measures used by other companies and have limitations as analytical tools and should not be 
considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Group’s operating results as reported under 
IFRS. 
EBITDA 
EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to profit before tax as defined by IFRS or to cash flows 
from operating activities (or any other performance measure determined in accordance with IFRS) or as 
indicators of operating performance or as measures of the Group's liquidity. In particular, EBITDA should 
not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of the 
Group's businesses. 
EBITDA has certain limitations as analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a 
substitute for financial information as reported under IFRS. Investors should not place undue reliance on 
this data. EBITDA in this Base Prospectus is presented, for each period, as: net profit, adjusted by income 
tax expenses, finance income and finance costs, depreciation and amortisation, impairment and write-offs 
of property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and right-of-use assets, and profit 
from disposal of subsidiaries. 
No statement in this Base Prospectus is intended as a profit/EBITDA forecast and no statement in this Base 
Prospectus should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Group for the current or future years 
would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings of the Group. 
The table below presents reconciliation of EBITDA to the net profit for the period of the Group for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020:

--- Page 140 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 132 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR in millions, except 
percentages) 
Net profit ................................................................................................................................  
135.4 
152.6 
Income tax expense ................................................................................................................  
18.6 
22.2 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................................................................  
169.7 
165.1 
Finance income ......................................................................................................................  
(0.5) 
(0.4) 
Finance costs ..........................................................................................................................  
38.1 
36.9 
Impairment and write-offs of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-
use assets ................................................................................................................................  
 
5.2 
 
9.0 
Profit / loss from disposal of subsidiaries 
(0.2) 
0.1 
EBITDA .................................................................................................................................  
366.3 
385.4 
EBITDA Margin ....................................................................................................................  
8.2% 
9.1% 
 
EBITDA Margin 
EBITDA Margin consists of EBITDA divided by total revenue, expressed as a percentage. 
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine EBITDA margin for the year 
ended December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR in millions, except 
percentages) 
EBITDA ................................................................................................................................  
366.3
385.4
Revenue .................................................................................................................................  
4,484.8
4,225.6
EBITDA Margin ....................................................................................................................  
8.2%
9.1%
 
Net Debt 
Net debt consists of borrowings and lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents. 
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine its net debt as of 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Non-current borrowings, incl. lease liabilities ..................................................................  
988.7 
1,045.3 
Bank borrowings ..................................................................................................................  
105.5 
156.1 
Other borrowings .................................................................................................................  
298.1 
297.1 
Lease liabilities ....................................................................................................................  
585.2 
592.2 
Current borrowings, incl. lease liabilities .........................................................................  
198.5 
138.9 
Current portion of non-current borrowings...........................................................................  
60.5 
42.3 
Current borrowings ..............................................................................................................  
40.2 
- 
Current portion of lease liabilities ........................................................................................  
97.8 
96.7 
Total borrowings ................................................................................................................  
1,187.2 
1,184.3 
Cash and cash equivalents ....................................................................................................  
(219.0) 
(183.5) 
Net Debt .......................................................................................................................................  
968.2 
1,000.7 
 
Net Debt to Equity 
Net debt to equity is the ratio of net debt to equity and is used as a measure of both indebtedness and 
borrowing capacity. 
Net Debt to EBITDA 
Net debt to EBITDA is the ratio of net debt to EBITDA and is used as a measure of both indebtedness and 
borrowing capacity.

--- Page 141 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 133 - 
70-41032542 
 
Capital Expenditure ("CAPEX")  
CAPEX means expenditures corresponding to additions to property, plant and equipment (excluding 
subsidiary acquisitions) and investment property. 
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine capex for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Additions to property, plant and equipment ...........................................................................  
105.4
88.9
Additions to investment properties ........................................................................................  
2.8 
-
Capex .....................................................................................................................................  
108.2
88.9

--- Page 142 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 134 - 
70-41032542 
 
TAXATION 
The following summaries do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that 
could be relevant for Noteholders. These summaries are intended as general information only and each 
prospective Noteholders should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes. These summaries are based on tax legislation and published case law in force 
as of the date of this document. They do not take into account any developments or amendments thereof 
after that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Lithuanian Taxation  
The following is a summary which covers the Lithuanian tax consequences of ownership and disposition 
of the Notes to a resident individual, a resident entity or a non-resident entity acting through a permanent 
establishment in Lithuania (the "Lithuanian Holder") or a non-resident individual or a non-resident entity 
which is not acting through a fixed base or permanent establishment in Lithuania that holds such Notes (the 
"Non-Lithuanian Holder"). The information contained within this section is limited to Lithuanian 
withholding and income tax issues and prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own 
tax advisers concerning the overall Lithuanian tax consequences of the ownership of Notes. 
As used in the preceding paragraph, a "resident individual" means an individual whose permanent place of 
residence is in Lithuania, or whose personal, social or economic interests are located in Lithuania or who 
is present in Lithuania continuously or intermittently for at least 183 days in the relevant tax period or at 
least 280 days in two consecutive tax periods and at least 90 days in one of these tax periods and a "resident 
entity" means an entity which is legally established in Lithuania. A "non-resident individual" means an 
individual whose permanent place of residence is outside Lithuania, whose personal, social or economic 
interests are located outside Lithuania and who is present in Lithuania for less than 183 days in the relevant 
tax period and less than 280 days in two consecutive tax periods or who is present in the Republic of 
Lithuania for more than 280 days in two consecutive tax periods, but less than 90 days in one of these tax 
periods and a "non-resident entity" means an entity which is legally established outside Lithuania. 
Taxation of interest income and capital gains received by non-resident entities acting through a permanent 
establishment in Lithuania is the same as that of resident entities defined above, therefore, it is not separately 
outlined in the further sections of this Base Prospectus. For relevant details on the taxation of Lithuanian 
permanent establishments as Noteholders, please refer to the taxation of resident entities. 
Withholding Tax, Income Tax 
Taxation of interest 
Payments to Lithuanian Holders  
 Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the difference between 
the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a resident individual will be subject to personal 
income tax at progressive tax rates of (i) 15 per cent., if the total amount of income (excluding income from 
employment, self-employment, dividends, renumeration of board members and certain other types of 
income) received by a resident individual during a calendar year does not exceed the sum of 120 Lithuanian 
gross average salaries, which is determined on the basis of quarterly gross average salaries as published by 
Statistics Lithuania (for example, in 2022, this figure would be EUR 180,492) and (ii) 20 per cent., which 
will apply to any income (excluding income from employment, self-employment, dividends, renumeration 
of board members and certain other types of income) received by a resident individual during a calendar 
year, exceeding the aforementioned threshold. Part of the total amount of interest (including interest on the 
Notes) received by a resident individual during the calendar year up to the amount of EUR 500 will be 
exempt from personal income tax. 
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the difference between the 
redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a resident entity will be included into calculation of 
its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be subject to corporate income tax at a general rate of 15 per cent. or 
an incentive rate applicable to the Noteholder (i.e. 5 per cent. corporate income tax rate applies to small-
sized entities). Banks and credit unions, including branches of foreign banks in the Republic of Lithuania,

--- Page 143 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 135 - 
70-41032542 
 
shall pay additional 5 per cent. corporate income tax on profits (subject to special calculation rules) for the 
part of profits exceeding EUR 2 million. 
Payments to Non-Lithuanian Holders 
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the difference between the 
redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a non-resident individual will be subject to personal 
income tax at progressive tax rates of: 
(i)  
15 per cent., if the total amount of income (including Lithuanian-sourced interest, royalties, income 
from sports and entertainment activities, capital gains and rent from real estate located in the 
Republic of Lithuania and capital gains from movable property registerable in the Republic of 
Lithuania) received by a non-tax resident individual during the calendar year does not exceed the 
sum of 120 Lithuanian gross average salaries, which shall be determined on a basis of quarterly 
gross average salaries as published by Statistics Lithuania (for example, in 2022, this figure would 
be EUR 180,492) and  
(ii) 
20 per cent., which shall be applied to the amount of the above listed categories of income exceeding 
the aforementioned threshold.  
Separate double tax treaties with the Republic of Lithuania may provide for a lower tax rate. The Issuer as 
a Lithuanian interest-paying entity will withhold 15 per cent. personal income tax and if it becomes known 
at the end of the year that a part of the amount was subject to a 20 per cent. rate, a non-resident individual 
will pay the difference himself/herself.  
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the difference between the 
redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a non-resident entity which is registered or otherwise 
organised in a state of the European Economic Area or in a state with which the Republic of Lithuania has 
concluded and brought into effect double tax treaty, will not be subject to withholding tax in Lithuania. 
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes to a non-resident entity other than listed above will be subject 
to 10 per cent. withholding tax. 
If the Issuer as an interest-paying person is unable to identify the Noteholder and determine such 
Noteholder’s eligibility for a lower tax rate or exemption from withholding tax, payments of interest in 
respect of the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the difference between the redemption price and 
the issue price of the Notes) to any such Noteholder will be subject to 15 per cent. withholding tax to be 
withheld and paid to the budget of the Republic of Lithuania by the Issuer.  
Taxation on Disposition of Notes 
Payments to Lithuanian Holders  
Capital gains (i.e. the difference between the sale price and acquisition costs) on disposal of the Notes 
received by a resident individual will be subject to personal income tax at progressive tax rates of  
(i)  
15 per cent., if the total amount of income (excluding income from employment, self-employment, 
dividends, renumeration of board members and certain other types of income) received by a resident 
individual during a calendar year does not exceed the sum of 120 Lithuanian gross average salaries 
(for example, in 2022, this figure would be EUR 180,492) and  
(ii)  
20 per cent., which will be applied to any income (excluding income from employment, self-
employment, dividends, renumeration of board members and certain other types of income) received 
by a resident individual during a calendar year, exceeding the aforementioned threshold.  
Part of the capital gains received from the sale of securities (including the Notes) during the calendar year 
up to the amount of EUR 500 is exempt from personal income tax. The tax exemption will not apply if the 
sale proceeds are received from entities established in a tax haven or from individuals whose permanent 
place of residence is in a tax haven.  
Capital gains (i.e. the difference between the sale price and acquisition costs) on disposal of the Notes 
received by a resident entity will be included into calculation of its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be

--- Page 144 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 136 - 
70-41032542 
 
subject to corporate income tax at a general rate of 15 per cent. or an incentive rate applicable to the 
Noteholder (i.e. 5 per cent. corporate income tax rate applies to small-sized entities). Banks and credit 
unions, including branches of foreign banks in the Republic of Lithuania, shall pay additional 5 per cent. 
corporate income tax on profits (subject to special calculation rules) for the part of profits exceeding EUR 
2 million. 
Payments to Non-Lithuanian Holders  
The disposition of Notes by a non-resident individual or a non-resident entity which is not acting through 
a fixed base or a permanent establishment in Lithuania will not be subject to any Lithuanian income or 
capital gain tax. 
Registration and Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Notes will not be subject to any registration or stamp duty in Lithuania. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
Lithuanian tax consequences of the ownership of Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (the "FTT") 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The FTT that was initially proposed had a very broad scope and could, if introduced in that form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary 
market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 were intended to be 
exempt. 
In its initial version, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution could be, or would be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate. Following the meeting of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT 
currently being considered by FTT Participating Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares 
of listed companies which have their head office in a member state of the EU and market capitalisation in 
excess of €1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year, rather than on any type of financial instrument. 
In order to reach a final agreement among the member states participating in the enhanced cooperation, 
further work in the Council and its preparatory bodies will be required in order to ensure that the 
competences, rights and obligations of non-participating EU member states are respected. 
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes 
may be diminished. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Lithuania) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United

--- Page 145 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 137 - 
70-41032542 
 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes that are 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a defined term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 146 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 138 - 
70-41032542 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 28 June 2022 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for their expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not 
offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 147 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 139 - 
70-41032542 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Lithuania  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy the Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in relation to 
any such offer, invitation or sale in Lithuania other than in compliance with the Law on Securities of the 
Republic of Lithuania and any other laws applicable in Lithuania governing the issue, offering and sale of 
Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Singapore

--- Page 148 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 140 - 
70-41032542 
 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in 
all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 149 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 141 - 
70-41032542 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")/distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended, the "Insurance Mediation Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA")/EUWA]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as

--- Page 150 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 142 - 
70-41032542 
 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400Z5DFISQ00QN727 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the term and conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 28 June 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 28 June 2022. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 28 June 2022  
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]].]  
[The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
1 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Maxima Grupė, UAB 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[22] below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 151 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 143 - 
70-41032542 
 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] month [U.S. Treasury Rate/EURIBOR] +/– 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[●]/100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Par Call] 
See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 152 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 144 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]  
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 153 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 145 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●] month EURIBOR] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]  
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 154 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 146 - 
70-41032542 
 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Make Whole 
Amount] 
 
(iii)  
Reference Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
[Make Whole Amount: 
 
 
- 
Reference Bond 
[●] 
 
- 
Determination Time: 
[●] 
 
- 
Determination Date 
[●] 
 
- 
Redemption Margin 
[●]] (if Make Whole Amount is not specified in 
paragraph 17(ii) above, this can be deleted) 
 
(v)          Par Call Commencement Date: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
18 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
19 
Change of Control Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Put Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Put Date: 
[●] 
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 155 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 147 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (US$/€[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
23 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Maxima Grupė, UAB: 
By: 
____________________________ 
  
Duly authorised

--- Page 156 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 148 - 
70-41032542 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin]/[Nasdaq Vilnius Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [●].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the official 
list of Euronext Dublin]/[Nasdaq Vilnius Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be/have 
not been] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]]* 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]]* 
 
 
[[Fitch: [●]]* 
[[Other]: [●]]* 
*Include legal name of rating agency 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European 
Securities and Markets Authority].] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the European

--- Page 157 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 149 - 
70-41032542 
 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[[●] is not established in the European Union but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] [If reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date 
[●]

--- Page 158 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 150 - 
70-41032542 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) [include this text for registered notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A)  
Names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B)  
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 151 - 
70-41032542 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Market. The 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Lithuania in 
connection with the Programme. The Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors passed on 27 June 2022. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Group since 31 December 2021, and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2021 other than as described in "Description of the Issuer – Legal 
and Regulatory Proceedings" on page 126 of this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Except as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Legal and Regulatory Proceedings" on page 
126 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
5. 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
6. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
7. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code for the Issuer is 259400Z5DFISQ00QN727.  
8. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
9. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any member of the Issuer's Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
10. 
The website of the Issuer is www.maximagrupe.eu. The information on www.maximagrupe.eu 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is 
identified where used. 
12. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 152 - 
70-41032542 
 
13. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents 
will be available at be https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/s95777%7C19961%7Cp1106/documents: 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Prospectus; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any 
expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement will be available for inspection at 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the 
Notes is outstanding.  
The Articles of Association of the Issuer, the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and 
the latest annual report of the Issuer may be obtained from https://maximagrupe.eu/en/for-
investors1.  
14. 
The consolidated financial statements of Maxima Grupė, UAB as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
and for the years then ended and as of 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended, included in 
the Base Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, independent auditors, 
as stated in their report appearing herein. PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB of J. Jasinskio St. 16B, 
Vilnius, Lithuania is a member of the Lithuanian Chambers of Auditors.  
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit 
exposures to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
16. 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the 
contents of the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website 
directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information. 
17. 
The Irish Listing Agent is The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch and the address 
of its registered office is Riverside II Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Grand Canal Dock, 2, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as

--- Page 161 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 153 - 
70-41032542 
 
listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the 
Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Market.

--- Page 162 ---
10229025726-v20 
- 154 - 
70-41032542 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER  
 
 
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the Financial Years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and the Auditor's report 
Page 
Independent auditor's report ...............................................................................................  
F-1 
Consolidated statement of financial position......................................................................  
F-9 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................  
F-10 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .....................................................................  
F-11 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................  
F-12 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ...................................................................  
F-13 
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the Financial Year 
ended 31 December 2020 and the Auditor's report 
 
Independent auditor's report ...............................................................................................  
F-54 
Consolidated statement of financial position......................................................................  
F-62 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................  
F-63 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .....................................................................  
F-64 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................  
F-65 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ...................................................................  
F-66 
 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related auditor's report included on the following pages 
have been extracted without material adjustment from the annual report published at the date indicated in 
the auditor's report. References in the auditor's report to "other information" are references to other 
information in the annual report. Such other information does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, J. Jasinskio str. 16B, 03163 Vilnius, Lithuania
+370 (5) 239 2300, lt_vilnius@pwc.com, www.pwc.lt
To the shareholder of 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
financial position of 
(the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together - the 
Group ) as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, and of the 
consolidated financial 
performance and consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.
Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee dated 4 April 2022.
What we have audited
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020;
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years then ended;
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years then ended;
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the years then ended; and
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. 
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on the Audit 
of Financial Statements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the 
Republic of Lithuania. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA 
Code and the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on the Audit of Financial Statements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services that we have provided to 
the Group are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in the Republic of Lithuania and 
that we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 considering the exemptions of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 endorsed in the Law of the 
Republic of Lithuania on the Audit of Financial Statements. The non-audit services that we have 
provided to the Group, in the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 are disclosed in 
Consolidated Annual Report section Information on non-audit services.
F-1

--- Page 164 ---
Our audit approach
Overview
Overall Group materiality: EUR 12,700 thousand
We conducted audit work at 8 reporting units, located in Bulgaria,
Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland.
Our audit addressed 87
Goodwill impairment assessment
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets impairment
assessment
Lease term determination and application of discount rate
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where 
management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates 
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all 
of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including, 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of 
material misstatement due to fraud.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material 
misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if 
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, 
including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out 
in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope 
of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of 
misstatements, if any, both individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole.
Overall materiality
EUR 12,700 thousand (2020: EUR 12,000 thousand)
How we determined it
0,28
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose total revenues as the benchmark because total 
revenues are one of the 
key performance indicators 
analysed by the management and communicated to the 
shareholder and, in our view, it is an appropriate measure of 
the size of the Group. Total revenues are also a more stable 
measure compared to profitability ratio. 
Materiality
Group 
scoping
Key audit 
matters
F-2

--- Page 165 ---
We chose the threshold of 0,28%, which is within the range 
of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds for this 
benchmark.
We informed the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our 
audit above EUR 889 thousand, as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, 
warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Key audit matter
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Goodwill impairment assessment 
Refer to accounting policy on impairment 
testing in note 2.5
, accounting 
estimates and assessments in note 3.2 ,,Key 
and note 9 
The Group
goodwill balance amounted to
EUR 207,073 thousand as at 31 December 
2021.
Goodwill has to be tested for impairment at 
least annually. When determining the 
recoverable amount (higher of value in use 
and fair value less costs to sell) the 
management is required to use judgment in
identifying the relevant cash-generating units 
and determining their recoverable amounts.
The recoverable amounts are based on the 
cash flow forecasts covering the
inputs and external market indicators: inflation
rate, revenue growth rate, competition, capital 
expenditures, and discount rates applied.
No impairment was recognised in the current 
reporting period as the recoverable amount of
the relevant cash-generating units was higher 
than their carrying amount. 
We focused on this area because the balance 
of goodwill was material , and the impairment 
assessment involved
significant judgements about the future results 
and the discount rates used in the cash flow 
forecast.
We obtained an understanding of the
process over the impairment 
testing. We evaluated the way in which the 
management identified
-
generating units to which goodwill was allocated.
Our audit procedures also included challenging 
the management on the appropriateness of the 
impairment models and reasonableness of the 
assumptions used, by performing the following:
- Assessing reliability of the cash flow forecast, by
checking the actual past performance and
comparing it against the previous forecasts, and
by inspecting the internal documents, such as
budgets for 2022 2026;
- Benchmarking the market-related assumptions,
such as discount rates and long-term growth rates
against the external data. Where it was
considered necessary, we involved our valuation
experts;
- Testing the mathematical accuracy of the model
and sensitivity of the impairment test to the key
inputs.
Finally, we have reviewed the adequacy of the 
disclosures in the 
consolidated financial 
statements.
F-3

--- Page 166 ---
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use 
assets impairment assessment
Refer to accounting policy on impairment 
testing in note 2.9 ,,Impairment of non-financial 
assets (except for goodwill), accounting 
estimates and assessments in note 3.2 ,, Key 
, note 5 
and note 6 
and right-of-use assets amounted to EUR 
749,310 thousand and EUR 660,626 
thousand, respectively, thereby representing 
around 60% of total assets reported in the 
position as at 31 December 2021. The Group 
assessed existence of impairment indicators 
for property, plant and equipment and right-of-
use assets as at 31 December 2021.
The Group performed the annual impairment 
test for those items assets, for which
impairment indicators were identified as at 31 
December 2021. The test was based on the 
estimated recoverable amounts
cash-generating units (individual stores). The 
annual impairment test involves the
management
judgments regarding the 
assumptions used in the underlying cash flow 
forecasts covering the manag
of key value driver inputs and external market 
indicators: inflation rate, revenue growth rate,
competition, capital expenditures, and discount 
rates applied.
For property, plant and equipment and right-of-
use assets, the Group recognised additional 
impairment charges of EUR 2,670 thousand
and EUR 5,681 thousand, respectively, and a
reversal of impairment charges of EUR 1,305
thousand and EUR 4,634 thousand,
respectively, in 2021.
Based on the above, we considered it to be a 
key audit matter.
We obtained an understanding of the
procedures in relation to the 
impairment assessment of the property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets.
Among other procedures, we involved a valuation
expert to assist us with the review of the 
impairment model structure and 
composition, as well as the discount rates used by 
the management in the impairment test.
-We also considered the key assumptions used by
the management when estimating the cash flow
forecasts, including the projected trends in the
level of revenue, costs, and capital expenditures
by comparing them against the historical
performance levels and the
projected changes in the future.
-We tested sensitivity of the available headroom
by considering whether a reasonably possible
shift in assumptions might cause the carrying
amount of the cash-generating unit to exceed its
recoverable amount.
-We have also assessed the historical accuracy of
the
.
Finally, we have reviewed the adequacy of the 
disclosures in the 
consolidated financial 
statements about the assumptions used in and 
the outcome of the impairment test .
Lease term and the discount rate
determination 
Refer to accounting policy on lease liabilities 
and subleases in note 2.19
,
accounting estimates and assessments in note 
3.1
and note 3.2 ,, Key sources 
.
During our audit procedures, we analysed
completeness and accuracy of new, modified or
remeasured lease contracts that were identified 
and recorded in the lease accounting system
during 2021; assessed whether it was reasonably
certain that the lease extension options would be
F-4

--- Page 167 ---
As at 31 December 2021, the Group
right-of-
use assets amounted to EUR 660,626
thousand, net investment in lease amounted 
to EUR 13,158 thousand, and lease liabilities 
amounted to EUR 683,010 thousand. 
We focused on this area because the reported 
balances  were material, the process for
identifying and reporting all relevant lease-
related data (including IT software and 
controls) was complex, and the measurement 
of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
involved the use of assumptions, such as 
discount rates and the lease terms, including 
the termination and renewal options.
exercised; assessed the discount rates used; and
on a sample basis recalculated the right-of-use 
assets and lease liability: 
- We obtained an understanding of the internal
processes around the identification of leases, and
obtained the related lease contract data;
- We read the policy listing the factors, such as
economic incentives, geographical location of a
store, leasehold improvements and other, to be
considered in determining the lease term,
including the extension options. We tested the
of those factors and
whether it was reasonably certain that the lease
extension options would be exercised, by
reviewing the contractual terms, business plans,
and other relevant information;
- For the lease contracts where the management
used the incremental borrowing rate as a discount
rate, we reviewed the methodology and
assumptions used by the management, and
compared them against the borrowing rates
confirmed by the SEB bank AB;
- For the lease contracts where the management
used the interest rate implicit in the lease as a
discount rate, we tested the key assumptions,
including the  fair value determined for the leased
asset at the commencement and termination
dates of the lease;
- We involved a valuation expert to assist us with
the review
determine the interest rate implicit in the lease;
- We assessed completeness and accuracy of the
input data used in the calculation, by reconciling
the inputs to the lease contracts and discount
rates determined by the management, and tested
them on a sample basis;
- For a sample of lease contracts , we checked
whether the contracts were appropriately
identified as a lease, whether appropriate lease
terms and discount rates were determined, and
whether that the lease liability and the right-of-use
asset were recognised and measured in
accordance with IFRS 16, Leases;
- We recalculated on a sample basis the right-of-
use asset and the lease liability for the selected
lease contracts, and verified the mathematical
accuracy of the calculation;
- For the same sample of lease contracts, we
recalculated the lease payments, interest and
F-5

--- Page 168 ---
amortisation charges recognised during the 
period;
We also read the disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements regarding the right-of-use 
assets and the lease liabilities.
How we tailored our Group audit scope 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the 
Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.
The Group comprises of a number of subsidiaries operating in Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and 
Poland (refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements). A full-scope audit was performed by 
us or based on our instructions by PwC entities represented in the following countries: Bulgaria, 
Estonia, Latvia and Poland on the financial information of the following Group entities:
Maxima Bulgaria EOOD;
Maxima Eesti OU;
Maxima Latvia SIA;
Maxima Grupe UAB;
Maxima LT;
Maxima International Sourcing UAB;
Elpro Development S.A.;
Stokrotka Sp.z.o.o.
For real estate and e-trade entities of the Group, the Group engagement team and PwC entities in 
Estonia and Latvia carried out audit work on the selected balances and transactions, which were 
assessed by us as material from the Group audit perspective. For the remaining components we 
performed analytical review at the Group level. This together with additional procedures performed at 
the Group level, including testing of consolidation journals and intercompany eliminations, gave us the 
Reporting on other information including the consolidated annual report
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
consolidated annual report, including the corporate governance report and the social responsibility 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information, including 
the consolidated annual report. 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
With respect to the consolidated annual report, we considered whether the consolidated annual report 
includes the disclosures required by the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Consolidated Financial 
Reporting by Groups of Undertakings and Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Financial Reporting of 
Undertakings.
F-6

--- Page 169 ---
Based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion: 
the information given in the consolidated annual report for the financial year for which the
consolidated financial statements are prepared, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements; and
the consolidated annual report has been prepared in accordance with the Law of the Republic of
Lithuania on Consolidated Financial Reporting by Groups of Undertakings and Law of the
Republic of Lithuania on Financial Reporting of Undertakings.
The Group presented the social responsibility report as a part of the consolidated annual report.
In addition, in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and its environment obtained in 
the course of the audit, we are required to report if we have identified material misstatements in the 
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the 
consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a 
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
process.
statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
sonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is 
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
F-7

--- Page 170 ---
Conclude on the appropr
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
oing concern.
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit.
We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and have communicated with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe the
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Appointment
We were first appointed as auditors of the Group on 2 May 2019 and had an uninterrupted 
engagement appointment of 3 years.
On behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB
Partner
Auditor's Certificate No. 000457
Vilnius, Republic of Lithuania
4 April 2022
The auditor's electronic signature is used herein to sign only the Independent Auditor's Report
F-8

--- Page 171 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
At 31 December 
Notes 
2021
2020
ASSETS 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment 
5 
749 310
713 622
Right-of-use assets 
6 
660 626
674 801
Investment properties 
7 
18 412
16 581
Intangible assets (except for goodwill) 
8 
42 737
46 368
Goodwill
9
207 073
207 670
Non-current receivables and prepayments
10
16 908
16 605
Deferred tax assets 
11 
7 255
10 093
1 702 321
1 685 740
Current assets 
Inventories
12
345 322
338 136
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets
13
75 618
69 352
Cash and cash equivalents 
14 
219 045
183 523
639 985
591 012
TOTAL ASSETS 
2 342 306
2 276 752
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity 
Share capital 
15 
1 019 263
1 019 263
Share premium 
15 
41 352
41 352
Legal reserve 
16 
53 359
43 767
Reverse acquisition reserve
16
(1 430 271)
(1 430 271)
Other reserves
342
(622)
Foreign currency translation reserve
(32 933)
(30 057)
Retained earnings  
763 810
744 021
Total equity
414 922
387 453
Non-current liabilities 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities) 
17 
403 553
453 158
Lease liabilities
6
585 170
592 185
Deferred tax liabilities
11
15 734
18 401
Other non-current liabilities 
5 934
3 248
1 010 391
1 066 992
Current liabilities 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities)
17
100 645
42 256
Lease liabilities
6
97 840
96 658
Current income tax liabilities
2 588
5 930
Trade and other payables 
18 
715 920
677 463
916 993
822 308
Total liabilities 
1 927 384
1 889 299
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
2 342 306
2 276 752
Mantas Kuncaitis
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and signed electronically on 
April 2022.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
F-9

--- Page 172 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Year ended 31 December 
Notes
2021
2020
Revenue
4, 19
4 484 771
4 225 603
Cost of sales
(4 116 152)
(3 845 539)
Operating expenses
20
(179 544)
(167 670)
Other gains (losses)
22
2 505
(1 117)
Profit from operations 
191 580
211 279
Finance income 
21 
503
376
Finance costs
21
(38 079)
(36 863)
Finance costs, net 
(37 576)
(36 486)
Profit before tax 
154 004
174 792
Income tax expense
23
(18 623)
(22 211)
Net profit
4
135 381
152 581
Net profit attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent
135 381
152 581
135 381
152 581
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
-
-
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 
(2 876)
(20 481)
Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
964
(485)
Other comprehensive income 
(1 912)
(20 966)
Total comprehensive income
133 469
131 615
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
Equity holders of the parent 
133 469
131 615
133 469
131 615
Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent (EUR) 
Basic/diluted
25
0.039
0.043
F-10

--- Page 173 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Notes 
Share
capital
Share
premium
Legal
reserve
Reverse
acquisition
reserve
Other
reserves
Foreign
currency
translation
reserve
Retained
earnings
Total
equity
At 1 January 2020
1 019 263
41 352
36 163
(1 430 271)
(137)
(9 576)
685 606
342 400
Profit for the year 
-
-
-
-
-
-
152 581
152 581
Other comprehensive 
income 
-
-
-
-
(485)
(20 481)
-
(20 966)
Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
-
-
-
-
(485)
(20 481)
152 581
131 615
Transfer to legal reserve
16
-
-
7 604
-
-
-
(7 604)
-
Dividends
26
-
-
-
-
-
-
(86 562)
(86 562)
Total transactions with 
shareholders recognised 
directly in equity 
-
-
7 604
-
-
-
(94 166)
(86 562)
At 31 December 2020 
1 019 263
41 352
43 767
(1 430 271)
(622)
(30 057)
744 021
387 453
At 1 January 2021 
1 019 263
41 352
43 767
(1 430 271)
(622)
(30 057)
744 021
387 453
Profit for the year 
-
-
-
-
-
-
135 381
135 381
Other comprehensive 
income 
-
-
-
-
964
(2 876)
-
(1 912)
Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
-
-
-
-
964
(2 876)
135 381
133 469
Transfer to legal reserve
16 
-
-
9 592
-
-
-
(9 592)
-
Dividends 
26 
-
-
-
-
-
-
(106 000)
(106 000)
Total transactions with 
shareholders recognised 
directly in equity 
-
-
9 592
-
-
-
(115 592)
(106 000)
At 31 December 2021 
1 019 263
41 352
53 359
(1 430 271)
342
(32 933)
763 810
414 922
F-11

--- Page 174 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Year ended 31 December
Notes 
2021
2020
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Net profit
135 381
152 581
Adjustments for:
Depreciation
5, 6, 7
160 678
154 163
Amortisation 
8 
9 030
10 903
Property, plant & equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets impairment charge 
(reversal) 
20 
2 843
8 054
(Profit) / loss on disposal and write-offs of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets 
5, 8, 22 
55
2 056
(Profit) / loss on disposal of subsidiaries
22
(194)
50
Income tax expense
23
18 623
22 211
Interest expenses 
21 
38 810
34 849
Interest income 
21 
(503)
(376)
Fair value (gains) losses on derivative financial instruments 
964
(485)
Changes in working capital 
- trade and other receivables
(5 762)
(863)
- inventories
(7 153)
(9 186)
- reverse factoring arrangements
18 
3 880
3 963
- trade and other payables
27 715
(42 261)
Cash generated from operations
384 367
335 658
Income tax paid
23 
(22 439)
(24 923)
Net cash generated from operating activities
361 928
310 735
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and investment properties
5, 7, 8
(105 715)
(99 752)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
4 905
5 695
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
-
(1 235)
Proceeds (outflow) from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed
(51)
(175)
Loans granted
(320)
(72)
Proceeds from repayment of loans granted
151
70
Interest received
11
19
Acquisition of lease contracts
(4 375)
-
Finance sublease receivable collected
3 100
2 953
Net cash (used in) investing activities
(102 294)
(92 498)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
29 
Proceeds from borrowings
57 915
-
Repayment of borrowings
(50 525)
(90 038)
Payment of principal portion on lease liabilities
(88 420)
(86 207)
Dividends paid
26 
(106 000)
(86 562)
Interest paid, including interest on leases
(37 271)
(33 465)
Net cash (used in) financing activities
(224 301)
(296 272)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
35 333
(78 035)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 
14 
183 523
261 559
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
14 
218 856
183 523
F-12

--- Page 175 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
1.
General information
commenced its operations on 23 August 2007. The 
- private limited liability company, entity
code 301066547. 
eholder 
is METODIKA B.V., incorporated in the Netherlands. 
The consolidated group is comprised of the Company and its subsidiary u
re mainly 
involved in real estate management. The Group owns 100% of shares in all subsidiaries. There were no significant business combinations 
in 2021 and 2020. 
Significant subsidiary 
Country of 
incorporation 
% held by the Group 
(on 31 December) 
Principal business activities 
2021
2020
MAXIMA LT, UAB 
Lithuania 
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables 
MAXIMA Latvija SIA
Latvia
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables
MAXIMA Eesti OU 
Estonia 
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables 
MAXIMA Bulgaria EOOD 
Bulgaria 
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables 
Stokrotka Sp.z.o.o. 
Poland 
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables 
BARBORA, UAB
Lithuania
100%
100%
E-trade
PATRIKA SIA 
Latvia 
100%
100%
E-trade
SUPERSA OU 
Estonia 
100%
100%
E-trade
Barbora Polska Sp.z.o.o. 
Poland 
100%
100%
E-trade
FRANMAX, UAB
Lithuania
100%
100%
IT development, maintenance and consulting services
MAXIMA INTERNATIONAL 
SOURCING, UAB 
Lithuania 
100%
100%
Procurement and agency services of food and 
consumables 
-trade in food and consumables.
As of 31 December 2021, the Group employed 38.5 thousand employees (total remuneration related costs amounted to EUR 495 million 
in 2021, net of government grant of EUR 2 million that was accounted for as reduction of payroll costs (Note 24) (31 December 2020: 
40.7 thousand employees, remuneration related costs EUR 458 million, net of government grant of EUR 11 million).  
aded at Euronext Dublin (Ireland) and Nasdaq Vilnius (Lithuania) stock exchanges (Note 17). 
a 
statutory right to approve or not to approve these consolidated financial statements and to require the preparation of a new set of 
consolidated financial statements. 
2.
Accounting policies
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. The accounting policies 
adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, except for the below amended IFRSs which have been adopted by the 
Group as of 1 January 2021. 
2.1. Basis of preparation 
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (hereinafter 
on a 
historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments that have been measured at fair value. 
F-13

--- Page 176 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
All amounts in these consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, the functional currency of the Company and presentation 
currency of the Group, and they have been rounded to the nearest thousand (in thousand EUR), unless otherwise stated. Due to 
rounding the numbers in these consolidated financial statements may not sum up. 
2.2. Adoption of new and/or revised IFRSs and Interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group 
Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform  phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 
The Phase 2 amendments address issues that arise from the implementation of the reforms, including the replacement of one 
benchmark with an alternative one.  The amendments cover the following areas:  
Accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform: For instruments to
which the amortised cost measurement applies, the amendments require entities, as a practical expedient, to account for a
change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform by updating the effective interest
rate using the guidance in paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS 9. As a result, no immediate gain or loss is recognised. This practical
expedient applies only to such a change and only to the extent it is necessary as a direct consequence of IBOR reform, and
the new basis is economically equivalent to the previous basis. Insurers applying the temporary exemption from IFRS 9 are
also required to apply the same practical expedient. IFRS 16 was also amended to require lessees to use a similar practical
expedient when accounting for lease modifications that change the basis for determining future lease payments as a result of
IBOR reform.
End date for Phase 1 relief for non contractually specified risk components in hedging relationships: The Phase 2 amendments
require an entity to prospectively cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs to a non-contractually specified risk component at the
earlier of when changes are made to the non-contractually specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is
discontinued. No end date was provided in the Phase 1 amendments for risk components.
Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting requirements: The Phase 2 amendments provide
some additional temporary reliefs from applying specific IAS 39 and IFRS 9 hedge accounting requirements to hedging
relationships directly affected by IBOR reform.
Additional IFRS 7 disclosures related to IBOR reform: The amendments require disclosure of: (i) how the entity is managing the
transition to alternative benchmark rates, its progress and the risks arising from the transition; (ii) quantitative information
about derivatives and non-derivatives that have yet to transition, disaggregated by significant interest rate benchmark; and (iii)
a description of any changes to the risk management strategy as a result of IBOR reform.
IBOR reform had no impact for the Group, as all borrowings are either EURIBOR/WIBOR linked, or have fixed interest rates, therefore 
there was no need to transition to alternative benchmark interest rates. 
COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions  Amendments to IFRS 16 
The amendments provided lessees (but not lessors) with relief in the form of an optional exemption from assessing whether a rent 
concession related to COVID-19 is a lease modification.  Lessees can elect to account for rent concessions in the same way as they 
would if they were not lease modifications. In many cases, this will result in accounting for the concession as a variable lease payment. 
The practical expedient only applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if all of 
the following conditions are met: the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the 
same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;  any reduction in lease payments affects only 
payments due on or before 30 June 2022; and there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.  If a lessee 
chooses to apply the practical expedient to a lease, it would apply the practical expedient consistently to all lease contracts with similar 
characteristics and in similar circumstances. The amendment is to be applied retrospectively in accordance with IAS 8, but lessees are 
not required to restate prior period figures or to provide the disclosure under paragraph 28(f) of IAS 8.   
The Group did not receive significant COVID-19 related rent concessions, therefore these amen
consolidated financial statements. 
IFRSs issued but not yet effective 
Other new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2022, yet not applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements are presented below. The new accounting pronouncements 
have been endorsed by the European Union unless otherwise stated. These standards, amendments or interpretations are not expected 
to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions. 
F-14

--- Page 177 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Classification of liabilities as current or non-current  Amendments to IAS 1 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2023) 
These narrow scope amendments clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist 
at the end of the reporting period. Liabilities are non-current if the entity has a substantive right, at the end of the reporting period, to 
expectations whether they will subsequently exercise the right to defer settlement do not affect classification of liabilities. The right to 
defer only exists if the entity complies with any relevant conditions as of the end of the reporting period. A liability is classified as current 
if a condition is breached at or before the reporting date even if a waiver of that condition is obtained from the lender after the end of 
the reporting period. Conversely, a loan is classified as non-current if a loan covenant is breached only after the reporting date. In 
addition, the amendments include clarifying the classification requirements for debt a company might settle by converting it into equity. 
equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible instruments that might be converted into equity, but only for those instruments 
where the conversion option is classified as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument.  
The amendment to IAS 1 on classification of liabilities as current or non-current was issued in January 2020 with an original effective 
date 1 January 2022. However, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the effective date was deferred by one year to provide 
companies with more time to implement classification changes resulting from the amended guidance. These Amendments have not yet 
been endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet assessed the impact of the amendments. 
Proceeds before intended use, Onerous contracts  cost of fulfilling a contract, Reference to the Conceptual Framework  narrow scope 
amendments to IAS 16, IAS 37 and IFRS 3, and Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020  amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and 
IAS 41 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022). 
The amendment to IAS 16 prohibits an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of PPE any proceeds received from
selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use.  The proceeds from selling such items,
together with the costs of producing them, are now recognised in profit or loss.  An entity will use IAS 2  to measure the cost
of those items. Cost will not include depreciation of the asset being tested because it is not ready for its intended use.  The
technical and physical performance of the asset.  The financial performance of the asset is not relevant to this assessment. An
asset might therefore be capable of operating as intended by management and subject to depreciation before it has achieved
the level of operating performance expected by management.
fulfilling a contract comprises the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract; and an allocation of other costs that relate
directly to fulfilling.  The amendment also clarifies that, before a separate provision for an onerous contract is established, an
entity recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets used in fulfilling the contract, rather than on assets
dedicated to that contract.
IFRS 3 was amended to refer to the 2018 Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting, in order to determine what
constitutes an asset or a liability in a business combination. Prior to the amendment, IFRS 3 referred to the 2001 Conceptual
Framework for Financial Reporting.  In addition, a new exception in IFRS 3 was added for liabilities and contingent liabilities.
The exception specifies that, for some types of liabilities and contingent liabilities, an entity applying IFRS 3 should instead refer
to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, rather than the 2018 Conceptual Framework.  Without this new exception, an entity would have
recognised some liabilities in a business combination that it would not recognise under IAS 37. Therefore, immediately after
the acquisition, the entity would have had to derecognise such liabilities and recognise a gain that did not depict an economic
gain.  It was also clarified that the acquirer should not recognise contingent assets, as defined in IAS 37, at the acquisition
date.
The amendment to IFRS 9 addresses which fees should be included in the 10% test for derecognition of financial liabilities.
Costs or fees could be paid to either third parties or the lender. Under the amendment, costs or fees paid to third parties will
not be included in the 10% test.
Illustrative Example 13 that accompanies IFRS 16 was amended to remove the illustration of payments from the lessor relating
to leasehold improvements.  The reason for the amendment is to remove any potential confusion about the treatment of
lease incentives.
IFRS 1 allows an exemption if a subsidiary adopts IFRS at a later date than its parent.  The subsidiary can measure its assets and
tion to IFRS, if no adjustments were made for consolidation procedures and for the effects of the
business combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary.  IFRS 1 was amended to allow entities that have taken this
IFRS 1 exemption to also measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported by the parent, based on the
differences, in order to reduce costs for first-time adopters. This amendment will also apply to associates and joint ventures
that have taken the same IFRS 1 exemption.
The Group has not yet assessed the impact of the amendments. 
F-15

--- Page 178 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting policies (effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2023).
IAS 1 was amended to require companies to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting 
policies. The amendment provided the definition of material accounting policy information. The amendment also clarified that 
accounting policy information is expected to be material if, without it, the users of the financial statements would be unable to 
understand other material information in the financial statements.  The amendment provided illustrative examples of accounting policy 
larified that 
immaterial accounting policy information need not be disclosed. However, if it is disclosed, it should not obscure material accounting 
o 
provide guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. These Amendments have not yet been 
endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet assessed the impact of the amendments 
Amendments to IAS 8: Definition of Accounting Estimates (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023). 
The amendment to IAS 8 clarified how companies should distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting 
estimates. These Amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet assessed the impact of the amendments 
Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction  Amendments to IAS 12 (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023).    
The amendments to IAS 12 specify how to account for deferred tax on transactions such as leases and decommissioning obligations.  In 
specified circumstances, entities are exempt from recognising deferred tax when they recognise assets or liabilities for the first time. 
Previously, there had been some uncertainty about whether the exemption applied to transactions such as leases and decommissioning 
obligations  transactions for which both an asset and a liability are recognised. The amendments clarify that the exemption does not 
apply and that entities are required to recognise deferred tax on such transactions.  The amendments require companies to recognise 
deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences. 
These Amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet assessed the impact of the amendments 
Other standards 
There are no other IFRSs, IAS amendments or IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that would be expected to have an impact 
on the Group. 
The Group plans to adopt the above mentioned standards and interpretations on their effective dates provided they are endorsed by 
the EU. 
2.3. Consolidation 
All entities controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries) are consolidated. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, 
to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. 
Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:  
-
Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
-
Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
-
The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. 
The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
from the date of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. 
Where necessary, adjustments are made to the accounting policies of subsidiaries to bring them into line with those used by the Group. 
All material intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses and unrealised profit (loss) between Group companies are 
eliminated on consolidation. 
For disclosure on reverse acquisition reserve, please refer to Note 16. 
F-16

--- Page 179 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.4. Business combinations 
The acquisition of subsidiaries, including entities under common control in cases when the transaction has a substance from the 
perspective of the Group, is accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a 
subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests 
nditions for recognition under 
IFRSs are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. 
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. 
2.5. Goodwill 
The excess of the: 
-
consideration transferred,
-
amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and
-
acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity
over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net 
identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain. 
For the purpose of 
-generating units (or their groups) expected to 
benefit from the synergies of the combination. Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment 
annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-
generating unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any 
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the 
unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods. 
On disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal. 
2.6. Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of assets to their residual values over their estimated useful 
lives, as follows: 
Buildings
2 43 years
Equipment and other assets
2 12 years
Vehicles
2 4 years
Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the improvement and 
the term of the lease. 
Properties in the course of construction for operations or for administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any recognised 
impairment loss. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for 
their intended use. 
Land is not depreciated. 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment directly 
related to sales of goods and services is recognised in cost of sales and depreciation of other property, plant and equipment is 
recognised in operating expenses. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The 
carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the period 
in which they are incurred. 
A gain or loss arising on the disposal of an asset is recognised in profit or loss. 
F-17

--- Page 180 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.7. Investment properties 
Investment properties, store buildings and other commercial premises, are held for long-term rental yields and are not occupied by the 
Group. They are measured initially at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of 
investment property is 10  30 years. Land is not depreciated. 
Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when 
they are permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition.  
Transfers are made to (or from) investment property only when there is a change in use. 
2.8. Intangible assets with finite useful lives  
Intangible assets expected to provide economic benefits in future periods are measured at acquisition cost less subsequent 
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is calculated on the straight-line method to write off 
the cost of each asset over their estimated useful lives. 
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (trademarks, customer contracts) are recognised at fair value at the acquisition 
date. They have finite useful life and are carried at cost (being fair value if acquired in a business combination) less accumulated 
amortisation and impairment losses, if any.  
All amortisation of intangible assets is recognised in profit or loss as operating expenses unless it relates to operation of warehouses or 
retail outlets when it is recognised as cost of sales. The Group amortises intangible assets over the following periods: 
Software 
2 - 4 years
Brands and trademarks
5 - 15 years
Customer contracts
15 years
Other intangible assets 
3 - 5 years
2.9. Impairment of non-financial assets (except for goodwill) 
At each financial year end, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any 
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is 
s fair value 
less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there 
are largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating units). In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset. 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of 
the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss. 
Prior impairments of non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date. Where an 
impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its 
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognised immediately in profit or loss. 
2.10. Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of weighted average cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value represents the estimated 
selling price less all estimated costs necessary to be incurred in selling. 
F-18

--- Page 181 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The cost of inventories is net of volume discounts and rebates received from suppliers during the reporting period but applicable to the 
inventories still held in stock. Logistics costs incurred for transportation of inventory between different locations of retail operators are 
accounted as cost of sales in the relevant accounting period. 
2.11. Financial instruments 
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of 
another entity.  
2.11.1. Financial assets 
Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive 
income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss. 
ristics and the 
ignificant 
financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair 
value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade and other receivables that do 
not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price determined under IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers. Refer to the accounting policies in Note 2.15. 
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI 
test and is performed at an instrument level. 
ash flows. 
The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. 
Financial assets are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Regular purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date  the date on which the 
Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.   
Subsequent measurement 
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in the below categories: 
Financial assets at amortised cost,
Financial assets at fair value through OCI,
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
a) Financial assets at amortised cost
The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met: 
The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash
flows
and 
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to impairment. 
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired. 
and loans 
granted. 
F-19

--- Page 182 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
b) Financial assets at fair value through OCI
c)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets designated upon 
initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial 
assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. 
Derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with 
cash flows that are not solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
irrespective of the business model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair 
value through OCI, as described above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial 
recognition if doing so eliminates, or significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in 
fair value recognised in profit or loss. 
This category includes derivative instruments and listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair 
value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised in profit or loss as other income when the right 
of payment has been established. 
Derecognition 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised 
The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired
or 
The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received
-
and either (a) the Group has
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it 
evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the 
transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The 
transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.  
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying 
amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.  
Impairment of financial assets  credit loss allowance for expected credit losses 
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. 
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include 
cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms. 
F-20

--- Page 183 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
For trade and other receivables the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. The Group does not track changes in credit 
risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision 
matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic 
environment. In addition, the Group reviews individual significant trade and other receivables and recognises individual loss allowances 
if needed.  
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are more than 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, 
the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely 
to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A 
financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.  
2.11.2. Financial liabilities 
Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as follows: 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
financial liabilities at amortised cost,
derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in case of financial liabilities at amortised cost, net of directly attributable 
transaction costs.  
ative 
financial instruments. 
Subsequent measurement 
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below: 
a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon 
initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category also 
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge 
relationships as defined by IFRS 9 Financial instruments.  
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities are designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss if the criteria in IFRS 9 for such a 
designation are satisfied. The Group has not designated any financial liability as at fair value through profit or loss.  
b) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
After initial recognition financial liabilities at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains 
and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR unwinding process.  
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of 
the EIR. The EIR unwinding is included in profit or loss as finance costs.  
This category generally applies to interest-bearing borrowings, including bank overdrafts and issued bonds, and trade and other 
payables. 
F-21

--- Page 184 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Derecognition 
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a 
new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.  
2.11.3. Offsetting of financial instruments 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position when there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle 
the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the 
normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty. 
2.11.4 Reverse factoring arrangements (supply chain financing arrangements) 
Supply chain financing arrangement is a reverse factoring arrangement, where a financial institution agrees to pay amounts the Group 
owes to the suppliers and the Group agrees to pay the financial institution a date later than suppliers are paid. The Group presents 
liabilities that are part of a reverse factoring arrangement as part of trade and other payables only when those liabilities have a similar 
nature and function to trade and other payables. In assessing whether it is required to present such liabilities separately, the Group 
n trade 
and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position. As the reverse factoring arrangements are closely related to 
operating activities of the Group, the Group presents cash outflows to settle the liability as arising from operating activities in its 
consolidated statement of cash flows.  
2.12. Borrowing costs 
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalized. All other borrowing costs are 
expensed in the period they occur. 
2.13. Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities 
The Group engages in derivative financial instruments transactions, such as forwards, to hedge purchase and sale price fluctuation risk, 
and interest rate swaps to hedge cash flows fluctuation risk of EURIBOR on the loans taken from banks, i. e. effectively switching the 
interest into a fixed rate.  
On the agreement date and subsequently derivative financial instruments are accounted for at fair value. Fair value is derived from 
quoted market prices for forwards (level 1) and using valuation models for interest rate swaps (level 2 and 3). The estimated fair values 
of these contracts are reported in the statement of financial position as assets for contracts having a positive fair value and liabilities for 
contracts with a negative fair value. Gain or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in 
profit or loss. 
For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified into two categories: 
(a) fair value hedges which hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or a firm commitment (fair
value hedges); and
(b) cash flow hedges which hedge exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a
recognised asset or liability or a forecasted transaction.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes to 
apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.  
F-22

--- Page 185 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how 
the Group will assess whether the hedge relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of 
hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of 
the following effectiveness requirements:  
edging instrument;
The hedge ratio of the hedge relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged
item.
Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described below: 
Cash flow hedges 
The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income in the other reserves, 
while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.  
The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature of the underlying hedged 
transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in other 
comprehensive income is removed from other reserves and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or 
liability. This is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the period.  
For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss as a 
reclassification adjustment in the same period during which the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss.  
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. Any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity remains in equity until the forecasted 
transaction occurs. Where the hedged transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in other 
comprehensive income is transferred to the statement of comprehensive income (profit or loss). 
2.14. Provisions 
Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated. 
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate 
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision 
due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense. 
2.15. Revenue from contracts with customers 
a) Retail revenue
The Group recognises revenue from its retail customers as it satisfies its performance obligations at the point of check out in its retail 
stores. Revenue from online sales is recognised upon delivery of goods, i.e. upon transfer of control of goods to customer. Revenue 
from the sale of gift cards is recognised when the gift cards are redeemed by the retail customer or expire, whichever event occurs 
earlier.  
The Group operates a loyalty programme, which allows customers to accumulate points when they purc
stores and online. The points can be redeemed for payment of part of next purchase. A contract liability for the loyalty points is 
recognised at the time of the original sale transaction under contract liabilities in trade and other payables. Revenue is recognised at the 
earlier of when the points are redeemed or when they expire. For allocation of transaction price to the loyalty points see Note 3.2. 
F-23

--- Page 186 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
b) Commission income
For certain products and services, e.g. lottery tickets, prepaid telephone cards, collection of payments for utilities on behalf of utility 
service providers from retail customers, etc., the Group acts as an agent and recognises commission income in its revenue when the 
related goods are sold in retail stores.  
c)
Wholesale revenue
The Group sells goods to franchisees and other retailers. Revenue is recognised when control of the sold goods has been transferred to 
the wholesale client in accordance with the terms of delivery. 
Contract assets 
A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the Group performs by 
transferring goods or services to the customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is 
recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional on the acceptance of the goods and services by the customer. 
Trade receivables 
consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required 
before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial assets in Note 2.11.1. 
Contract liabilities 
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an 
amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to 
the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract. 
2.16. Cost of sales 
Cost of sales consists of cost of inventory, net of supplier discounts, and other costs attributable to sales of goods, including 
warehousing, logistics and retail operations.  
Cost of sales are reduced by slotting fees and advertising income earned in accordance with written agreements with suppliers that the 
Group will be paid for promotional activities, including various advertising and market development efforts in the retail stores. Cost of 
sales are also shown net of fines and penalties received from suppliers for, e.g. late delivery or poor quality of goods. See Note 3.1 for 
critical judgements applied. 
As at the year-end supplier discounts are allocated to the carrying value of inventory based on the amount of inventory sold and 
remaining in inventory.  
The Group's cost of sales can be sub-divided into: the cost of goods sold (accounting for approximately 80 per cent of the total cost of 
sales for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: approximately 80 per cent), employee remuneration costs (accounting for 
approximately 10 per cent of the total cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: approximately 10 per cent) and other 
costs including expenses relating to logistics, utilities, depreciation and amortisation, repair and maintenance, etc (accounting for 
approximately 10 per cent of the total cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: approximately 10 per cent). 
2.17. Income tax 
The income tax expense comprises of current tax expenses and changes in deferred tax. 
F-24

--- Page 187 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
a) Current income tax
The current income tax expenses are based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit as reported in the statement 
of comprehensive income because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further 
excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The current income tax rate is calculated on the basis of tax laws enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date. The income tax for the Group is calculated according to the laws of the country in which 
The main corporate income tax rates that have been applied in calculation of current income tax in respective countries: 
2021 
2020 
Lithuania
15%
15%
Latvia* 
20/80 
20/80 
Estonia* 
20/80 (14/86 for regular profit distribution amount) 
20/80 (14/86 for regular profit distribution amount) 
Poland 
19% 
19% 
Bulgaria
10%
10%
* the taxation of income of subsidiaries operating in Latvia and Estonia is delayed till the moment of earnings distribution, i.e. till the
moment of payment of dividends.
b) Deferred income tax
Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements 
and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all 
taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise 
from the initial recognition of goodwill; deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability 
in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss. 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable 
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. 
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised. 
Deferred tax is charged or credited to the statement of comprehensive income, except when it relates to items charged or credited 
directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax 
liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax 
assets and liabilities on a net basis. 
As the object of taxation in Latvia and Estonia is dividends, not profit, there are no differences between the carrying amounts and tax 
bases of assets and liabilities which could give rise to deferred tax assets or liabilities. In the consolidated financial statements the Group 
makes provision for the taxes payable on the estimated dividend to be distributed in the foreseeable future from the retained earnings 
of Latvian and Estonian subsidiaries. 
2.18. Employee benefits 
a) Social security contributions
The Group pays social security contributions to the state Social Security Funds (hereinafter - the Fund) on behalf of its employees based 
on the defined contribution plans in accordance with the local legal requirements in respective countries. A defined contribution plan is 
a plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into the Fund and will have no legal or constructive obligations to pay further 
contributions if the Fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and 
prior periods. Social security contributions are recognised as expenses on an accrual basis in the statement of comprehensive income. 
F-25

--- Page 188 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
b) Termination benefits
te, 
or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits 
when it is demonstrably committed to either: terminating the employment of current employees according to a detailed formal plan 
and agreements signed with employees without possibility of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made 
to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are 
discounted to their present value. 
c)
Bonus plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for employee bonuses when the Group is contractually obliged in accordance with the 
employment agreements or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation. Long term liabilities are 
discounted. Remeasurements of liabilities are recognised immediately in profit or loss.  
2.19. Leases 
The determination of whether a contract is (or contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the inception of the 
lease. The contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.  
2.19.1. The Group as a lessee 
As a lessee the Group recognises a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset, and a lease liability, 
representing its obligation to make lease payments. 
Right-of-use assets 
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease, i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use. 
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment, and adjusted for any remeasurement of 
lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Recognised right-of-use assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful life and the lease term. The right-of-use assets are subject 
to impairment, see Note 2.9. 
Lease liabilities 
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be 
made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable and variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or a rate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expense in 
the period when they occur. 
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if 
the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is 
increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease 
liabilities is remeasured if there is a lease modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to 
future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of 
an option to purchase the underlying asset. 
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 
months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets 
recognition exemption to leases of office equipment and other equipment that are considered of low value. Lease payments on short-
term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
F-26

--- Page 189 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.19.2. The Group as a lessor 
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as 
operating leases. Rental income are accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and are included in profit or loss in 
revenue. 
2.19.3. Sublease 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. It assesses the 
classification of a sublease as a finance lease or an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. 
When subleases are classified as finance leases the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease that it transfers 
to the sublessee and presents the net investment in the sublease under non-current receivables and prepayments in the statement of 
financial position.  During the term of the sublease the Group recognises finance income on sublease based on pattern reflecting a 
constant period rate of return on the net investment in the lease.  
For subleases classified as operating lease, the Group recognises the lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term and 
includes them in profit or loss in revenue. Modification to an operating lease is accounted for as a new lease from the effective date of 
the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the 
new lease. 
2.20. Government grants 
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached conditions will 
be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods 
that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Such grants are deducted from related expenses. 
2.21. Foreign currencies 
a) Functional and presentation currency
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which 
the entity operates (its functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR, which is functional currency of 
the Company, and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements. 
b) Transactions and balances
al currency 
(foreign currencies) are recorded at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of those transactions. 
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange 
rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss. 
c)
Group companies
are 
expressed in EUR using exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date. 
Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly 
during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.  
All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 
Such translation differences are recognised as profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of. 
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
operation and translated at the closing exchange rate. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 
F-27

--- Page 190 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.22. Contingencies 
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the financial statements. They are disclosed unless the possibility of an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits is remote.  
A contingent asset is not recognised in the financial statements but disclosed when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. 
2.23. Dividend distribution 
ents in the 
period in which the dividends are ap
2.24. Related parties 
Related parties include the following persons and entities: 
(i) has control or joint control over the Group
(ii) has significant influence over the Group, or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group, or of a parent of the Group.
(b) The Group (A) is related to another entity (B) if:
(i) A and B are members of the same group (that is, all entities within a group are related to each other)
(ii) B is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a) above
(iii) a person who has control or joint control over A has significant influence over B or is a member of the key management
personnel of B. 
2.25. Subsequent events 
(adjusting 
events) are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Subsequent events that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes 
when material. 
3.
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
3.1. Critical judgments in applying the accounting policy 
In the process of applying the 
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements: 
Critical judgement in classifying income from various advertising and market development services 
The Group receives slotting fees for the product placements in stores and various advertising income from suppliers in cases when the 
retailer and the supplier have entered into written agreement that it will be paid for additional arrangement of the goods in the special 
places or for promotional activities, including various advertising and market development efforts. The product placement and 
advertising services cannot be sold separately from the supply of goods and the supplier would not obtain any rights or receive any 
benefit without selling products to the retailer. Therefore the Group concluded that such income should be recognised as a reduction of 
cost of sales. 
Significant judgement in determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options 
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to 
extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably 
certain not to be exercised. 
F-28

--- Page 191 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Group has the option, under some of its leases (buildings and land), to lease the assets for additional term of five to thirty years. 
The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to extend the lease term. It considers 
all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal (e.g., lease term, geographical location of the store, 
leasehold improvements, etc). The Group included the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of buildings leased for retail 
operations where after considering a number of relevant factors the Group concluded that it is reasonably certain that the Group will 
exercise an extension option. Potential future cash flows that have not been included in the lease liability for extension options which 
realisation is not reasonably certain are disclosed in Note 6. 
After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is 
within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew.  
Distinction between properties held for own use and those held to earn rental income. 
Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals and another portion that is held for use in the retail operations or 
supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If one portion of the same property is used in the Group's activity, and other 
portion of the property is rented, leased portion of property is accounted for as investment property only if that property could be sold 
separately. If the property requires the separation before the portions can be sold separately, then those portions are not accounted for 
as separate portions until the separation is feasible, and are presented in property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement 
of financial position.  See Note 7 for disclosures of investment properties.  
Classification of reverse factoring arrangements (supply chain financing arrangements) 
Supplier financing arrangement is a reverse factoring arrangement, where a financial institution (the Factor) agrees to pay amounts the 
Group owes to the suppliers and the Group agrees to pay the financial institution at the same date as, or a date later than, suppliers are 
paid. Based on the agreements the Group authorises the Factor to repay the invoices to the Supplier. If the Factor would repay the 
invoice, the Group assumes an unconditional obligation to repay to the Factor. This represents a change of the creditor with a written 
consent of the Group. The moment of legal release of a debtor under obligation which is being assigned by way of factoring 
transaction is defined by Article 6.909, part 3, of the Lithuanian Civil Code. It establishes that in the case of factoring, only the payment 
of outstanding monetary claim releases the original debtor from its obligations towards the supplier. Therefore, while the factored 
amounts are still unpaid and remain on the Group's balance sheet, the Group is not legally released from its obligations towards the 
original suppliers, even if they have transferred those amounts to a Factor (third party) by way of factoring transaction. Based on the 
above, the Group continues recognising liabilities until it is unconditionally and legally released from obligations towards original 
suppliers.  
The Group presents liabilities that are part of a reverse factoring arrangement as part of trade payables only when those liabilities have 
a similar nature and function to trade payables. However, these liabilities are presented separately when the size, nature or function of 
those liabilities makes separate presentation relevant to an understanding of 
required to present such liabilities separately, the Group considers the amounts, nature and timing of those liabilities. As of 31 
ncing arrangements are presented within trade and other payables 
(Note 18). As the supplier financing arrangement is closely related to operating purchasing activities of the Group, the Group presents 
cash outflows to settle the liability as arising from operating activities in its consolidated statement of cash flows. 
3.2. Key sources of estimation uncertainty 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
The estimates and underlining assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the 
period in which the estimate is revised, as well as in the future periods if the revision affects future periods. 
The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are 
discussed below: 
F-29

--- Page 192 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Impairment of goodwill 
The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. Recoverable amounts for cash generating units are based on 
 well as the 
terminal value estimate. The key assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding discount rates, growth rates used to 
extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period of five years, revenue and EBITDA (for the definition of EBITDA see Note 4) growth. 
Management estimates discount rates using rates that reflect current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the cash-generating units. The discount rates ranged from 5.1 to 7.7 percent (2020: 7.0  9.6 percent) and terminal growth 
rate was from 1.0 to 1.5 percent (2020: 1.0  
-tax weighted average 
cost of capital as adjusted for the specific risks relating to each geographical region. Changes in revenue and costs, and, consequently, 
EBITDA, are based on historical trends and expectations of future developments in the markets the Group operates. The increase in 
discount rates by 0.5 percentage points and decrease in terminal growth rates by 0.5 percentage points would not result in goodwill 
impairment. Further information is disclosed in Note 9. 
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets 
Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are tested for impairment at cash generated units which 
are separate stores. 
An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable
amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on 
available data from binding sales 
remental costs for disposing of the asset. The value in use calculation is based on a discounted cash flow model. The cash flow model 
does not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that wi
is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model as 
well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.  
Recoverable amounts for cash-generating units are based on value in use, which is calculated from cash flow projections for five years 
as well as the terminal value estimate. The key assumptions for the value in 
use calculations are those regarding discount rates, growth rates and expected future cash inflows. The terminal growth rate is in line 
with average retail market growth trends. Management estimates discount rates using post-tax rates that reflect the current 
market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generating units. Post-tax discount rates are used to 
discount post-tax estimated cash flows.  
The post-tax discount rates used to calculate value in use range from 5.1 to 7.7 percent (2020: 7.0  9.6 percent) and terminal growth 
rates range from 1.0 to 1.5 percent (2020: 1.0 to 1.5 percent) depending on the specific country conditions in which each store operates. 
Pre-tax discount rates were in the range from 6.0 to 9.6 percent (2020: 8.3 to 11.8 percent).  
Further information is disclosed in Notes 5, 6 and 8. 
Allocation of transaction price to the loyalty programme points 
The Group operates a 
retail stores and online. The points can be redeemed for payment of part of next purchase. The points provide a material right to 
customers that they 
loyalty points to the customer is a separate performance obligation. The transaction price is allocated to the product and the 
loyalty points on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Management estimates the stand-alone selling price per point on the 
basis of the discount granted when the points are redeemed and on the basis of the likelihood of redemption, based on past 
experience. The stand-alone selling price of the product sold is estimated on the basis of the retail price. See Note 18 for contract 
liabilities as at the year end.  
Contingent liabilities 
In the process of preparation of the annual financial statements management evaluates available information on the status 
and potential outcome of pending litigations and other contingent liabilities (Note 30) and accordingly recognises necessary provisions 
and / or discloses in the consolidated financial statements.  
F-30

--- Page 193 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Determination of discount rate for discounting of lease payments 
At the commencement date of the lease contract, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that 
are not paid at that date. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily 
determined. In 2021, the Group estimated interest rates implicit in the lease using the following inputs provided by the independent 
valuers for each specific lease contract:  
-
estimated property yield at the lease commencement and at the end of the lease,
-
have been incurred if the lease
had not been obtained)
-
an estimate of
4.
Segment information
performanc
and real estate management. Retail operations are further examined by the Board from the geographical perspective. 
Retail segment consist
-commerce
operations.
Real estate segment leases commercial premises to the customers within the Group and externally.
Segment performance is evaluated based on revenue, EBITDA and net profit. EBITDA is non-IFRS measure. EBITDA is calculated by 
adjusting net profit by income tax expenses, depreciation and amortisation, finance income and costs, impairment and write-off of 
property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and right-of-use assets, and profit from disposal of subsidiaries. 
The Board does not analyse assets and liabilities by segments. Accounting policies used for segments are the same as the accounting 
policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Inter-segment transactions are eliminated upon consolidation 
e included results of corporate headquarters and other intermediary holdings in 
the Group. 
2021
Retail 
Lithuania
Latvia
Estonia
Poland
Bulgaria
E-commerce
Total
retail
Revenue 
1 759 492
915 221
519 770
1 087 036
197 457
44 447
4 523 423
incl. external customers 
1 750 300
914 925
519 629
1 081 205
197 457
11 911
4 475 427
incl. inter-segment 
9 192
296
141
5 831
-
32 536
47 996
Interest expenses 
13 560
5 093
3 373
13 394
3 103
200
38 723
EBITDA 
172 772
72 367
31 921
80 215
13 257
(14 789)
355 743
Depreciation and amortisation
75 800
35 019
23 527
56 873
9 876
2 733
203 828
Net profit (loss) 
84 700
31 887
6 509
8 593
395
(17 591)
114 493
2021
Total
retail
Real
estate
Other
segments
Total
reported
segments
Other
Consolidation
adjustments
Total
Revenue 
4 523 423
62 413
188 439
4 774 275
3 710
(293 214)
4 484 771
incl. external customers 
4 475 427
5 018
1 378
4 481 823
574
2 374
4 484 771
incl. inter-segment 
47 996
57 395
187 061
292 452
3 136
(295 588)
-
Interest expenses
38 723
2 188
263
41 174
12 522
(14 886)
38 810
EBITDA
355 743
59 628
11 534
426 905
(4 227)
(56 376)
366 302
Depreciation and amortisation
203 828
26 986
3 194
234 008
664
(64 965)
169 707
Net profit (loss) 
114 493
26 552
6 892
147 937
236 678
(249 234)
135 381
F-31

--- Page 194 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2020 
Retail 
Lithuania
Latvia
Estonia
Poland
Bulgaria
E-
commerce
Total
retail
Revenue
1 689 164
878 069
502 947
974 874
182 758
30 434
4 258 245
incl. external customers
1 675 935
877 755
502 793
973 473
182 758
4 629
4 217 342
incl. inter-segment
13 229
314
154
1 401
-
25 805
40 903
Interest expenses 
12 853
4 272
2 640
12 272
3 274
266
35 576
EBITDA 
178 361
78 018
28 909
83 209
11 834
(2 868)
377 463
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
75 193
33 894
24 336
52 451
9 521
1 512
196 907
Net profit (loss) 
219 700
31 305
1 171
12 159
1 394
(8 873)
256 856
2020 
Total
retail
Real
estate
Other
segments
Total
reported
segments
Other
Consolida-
tion
adjustments
Total
Revenue 
4 258 245
61 811
224 142
4 544 198
4 059
(322 653)
4 225 603
incl. external customers
4 217 342
5 155
1 583
4 224 080
599
924
4 225 603
incl. inter-segment 
40 903
56 656
222 559
320 118
3 459
(323 577)
-
Interest expenses 
35 576
2 692
157
38 425
13 400
(16 976)
34 849
EBITDA 
377 463
57 158
10 313
444 934
(3 339)
(56 155)
385 440
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
196 907
26 518
2 768
226 193
610
(61 734)
165 069
Net profit (loss) 
256 856
24 628
6 580
288 064
287 931
(423 414)
152 581
olled subsidiaries. During the year ended 31 December 2021 
 in Latvia 
thousand (2020: EUR 1,025 thousand). 
The Company is domiciled in Lithuania. The amount of 
 revenue from external customers broken down by countries is 
shown below: 
2021
2020
Lithuania 
1 758 667
1 682 402
Latvia 
915 393
878 194
Estonia 
520 357
503 432
Poland 
1 092 897
978 799
Bulgaria 
197 457
182 777
4 484 771
4 225 603
Non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets, broken down by location of the assets, are shown below: 
2021
2020
Lithuania
447 091
452 854
Latvia
436 589
447 163
Estonia
178 046
177 709
Poland 
535 379
501 182
Bulgaria 
81 053
80 134
1 678 158
1 659 042
F-32

--- Page 195 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
5.
Property, plant and equipment
Land and
buildings
Equipment
and other
assets
Vehicles
Construction in
progress &
prepayments
Total
Cost 
At 1 January 2020 
933 764
430 284
1 698
32 740
1 398 486
Additions 
7 261
42 762
136
38 697
88 857
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
25
-
-
811
836
Disposals and write-offs
(1 199)
(11 413)
(907)
(566)
(14 086)
Exchange differences 
(13 223)
(8 045)
(243)
(2 016)
(23 528)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets
(177)
(37)
497
(200)
82
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22)
-
(2)
-
-
(2)
Reclassifications
26 843
14 028
-
(40 871)
-
At 31 December 2020
953 293
467 577
1 181
28 595
1 450 645
Additions
18 953
43 042
374
43 057
105 426
Disposals and write-offs 
(8 347)
(22 590)
(1 075)
(515)
(32 527)
Exchange differences
(1 789)
(207)
(24)
313
(1 707)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets
1 371
(1 422)
2 231
(1 882)
298
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
-
(3)
-
-
(3)
Reclassifications
22 313
15 563
23
(37 898)
-
At 31 December 2021 
985 794
501 960
2 710
31 670
1 522 133
Accumulated depreciation and impairment 
At 1 January 2020
455 695
237 288
(460)
5 266
697 789
Depreciation 
21 065
35 351
563
-
56 980
Impairment charge (reversal) 
1 621
776
-
(52)
2 346
Disposals and write-offs
(682)
(10 595)
(221)
-
(11 498)
Exchange differences 
(3 592)
(4 826)
(151)
(503)
(9 072)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(13)
(4)
497
-
479
At 31 December 2020 
474 094
257 990
228
4 711
737 024
Depreciation 
21 515
38 321
475
-
60 310
Impairment charge (reversal) 
(79)
1 429
-
15
1 365
Disposals and write-offs
(6 371)
(20 552)
(963)
-
(27 887)
Exchange differences 
(347)
(727)
12
502
(560)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
35
320
2 216
-
2 571
At 31 December 2021 
488 847
276 781
1 968
5 228
772 823
Carrying amount 
At 31 December 2021 
496 947
225 179
742
26 442
749 310
At 31 December 2020 
479 198
209 587
953
23 884
713 622
In 2021, major part of depreciation of property, plant and equipment was accounted for as cost of sales  EUR 55,480 thousand (2020: 
EUR 53,643 thousand). Remaining part is accounted for as operating expenses.  
Pledged property, plant and equipment 
The Group has pledged property, plant and equipment with the total carrying value of EUR 237,638 thousand (2020: EUR 320,642 
thousand) to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
F-33

--- Page 196 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
6.
Leases
The Group as a lessee 
The Group has lease contracts for land, buildings and vehicles used in its operations. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms 
between 2 and 40 years, while vehicles generally have lease terms between 1 and 5 years. Land is leased for a period between 1 and 83 
years. T
t 
include extension options, which are further discussed below. 
The Group also has certain leases of equipment with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of office and other equipment with low 
-
-
Set out below is the carrying amount of right-of-use assets at the end of the reporting period: 
Land
Buildings
Vehicles
Total
At 31 December 2021 
14 066
635 915
10 645
660 626
At 31 December 2020 
13 313
649 605
11 883
674 801
Additions to the right-of-use assets during 2021 were EUR 84,218 thousand (2020: EUR 100,589 thousand). In 2021, the Group 
recognised impairment of right-of-use assets amounting to EUR 1,047 thousand (2020: EUR 5,206 thousand).  
The Group has pledged lease contracts, representing right-of-use assets with the total carrying value of EUR 1,426 thousand (2020: EUR 
3,548 thousand) to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets during the year is provided below: 
Land
Buildings
Vehicles
Total
2021
495
93 398
6 019
99 912
2020 
465
91 049
5 121
96 634
Interest expense on lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 21. In 2021 expenses relating to short-term leases amounted to EUR 2,597 
thousand (2020: EUR 3,178 thousand) and expenses of leases of low-value assets amounted to EUR 3,515 thousand (2020: EUR 2,947 
thousand).  
Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These are used to maximise 
 to re-
negotiate terms of lease 
potential future cash outflows of EUR 218,373 thousand (2020: EUR 171,590 thousand) have not been included in the lease liability 
because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).  
The Group as a lessor 
The Group leases and subleases retail and administrative premises to various tenants. These leases have terms between 1 and 27 years. 
Finance leases 
The Group recognises net investment in the lease for leases classified as finance leases. Interest income on the net investment in a lease 
are disclosed in Note 21.  
F-34

--- Page 197 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
A maturity analysis of the undiscounted lease payments receivable is provided below: 
2021
2020
In the first year 
2 934
2 861
In the second year 
2 648
2 433
In the third year 
2 183
2 068
In the fourth year 
1 948
1 596
In the fifth year 
1 580
1 431
After 5 years 
4 455
3 076
15 748
13 466
Unearned finance income 
(2 590)
(1 253)
Net investment in the lease 
13 158
12 212
Operating leases 
Rental income recognised by the Group during the year are disclosed in Note 19.  
Future minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows: 
2021
2020
Not later than 1 year
23 698
25 938
Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years
45 877
44 798
Later than 5 years
24 822
22 425
94 397
93 161
7.
Investment properties
Land and buildings
Cost 
At 1 January 2020 
19 567
Exchange differences 
(1 340)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(206)
At 31 December 2020 
18 022
Additions
2 760
Disposals
(292)
Exchange differences 
(182)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(32)
At 31 December 2021
20 276
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2020 
1 197
Depreciation
549
Exchange differences
(306)
At 31 December 2020 
1 440
Depreciation 
456
Disposals 
(61)
Exchange differences 
29
At 31 December 2021 
1 864
Carrying amount 
At 31 December 2021 
18 412
At 31 December 2020 
16 581
F-35

--- Page 198 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
As of 31 December 2021, the fair value of investment properties amounted to EUR 22,323 thousand (2020: EUR 19,361 thousand). It was 
determined by independent valuators using discounted cash flow method (hierarchy level 3). Net operating income were estimated for 
a period of rent contracts signed and together with estimated terminal value discounted by applying 7  14.9 percent discount rates 
(2020: 7  14.9 percent). 
The Group has pledged investment property with the total carrying value of EUR 6,383 thousand (2020: EUR 11,536 thousand) to secure 
banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
8.
Intangible assets (except for goodwill)
Software
Brands
and
trademarks
Contracts
with
customers
Other
intangible
assets
Total
Cost
At 1 January 2020 
12 642
63 432
1 578
5 877
83 529
Additions 
2 484
-
-
270
2 754
Disposals and write-offs 
(400)
-
-
(28)
(428)
Exchange differences
(249)
(2 915)
(79)
(390)
(3 633)
Reclassifications 
430
-
-
(430)
-
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
120
-
-
263
383
At 31 December 2020 
15 027
60 516
1 500
5 563
82 605
Additions 
4 687
-
-
498
5 185
Disposals and write-offs 
(721)
-
-
(9)
(730)
Exchange differences 
(166)
(314)
(13)
28
(465)
Reclassifications
(46)
-
-
46
-
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
200
-
-
254
454
At 31 December 2021 
18 981
60 202
1 487
6 380
87 049
Accumulated amortisation 
At 1 January 2020 
8 978
14 539
(89)
3 527
26 956
Amortisation 
1 686
8 775
53
389
10 903
Impairment charge (reversal) 
-
-
-
502
502
Disposals and write-offs
(226)
-
-
(68)
(294)
Exchange differences
(362)
(1 849)
240
127
(1 844)
Reclassifications
270
-
-
(270)
-
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
3
-
-
13
16
At 31 December 2020
10 349
21 465
204
4 220
36 238
Amortisation 
2 456
5 886
41
647
9 030
Impairment charge (reversal) 
-
-
-
431
431
Disposals and write-offs
(712)
-
-
(9)
(721)
Exchange differences 
(42)
(81)
(2)
39
(86)
Reclassifications 
511
1 332
-
(1 843)
-
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
-
-
-
(580)
(580)
At 31 December 2021 
12 562
28 602
243
2 905
44 312
Carrying amount 
At 31 December 2021 
6 419
31 600
1 244
3 475
42 737
At 31 December 2020 
4 677
39 052
1 295
1 343
46 368
Part of amortisation of intangible assets is accounted for as costs of sales  EUR 385 thousand in 2021 (2020: EUR 295 thousand). 
Remaining part is accounted for as operating expenses.  
Under the brands and trademarks the Group accounted for Stokrotka brand acquired in a business combination in 2018. Its carrying 
amount was EUR 25,795 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (2020: EUR 28,314 thousand) and it is amortised over the remaining useful 
life of 11 years (2020: 12 years).  
F-36

--- Page 199 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
9.
Goodwill
At 1 January 2020 
212 178
Exchange differences 
(4 916)
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
408
At 31 December 2020 
207 670
Exchange differences 
(597)
At 31 December 2021 
207 073
For the purpose of impairment testing, the goodwill as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 was allocated to the below listed cash 
generating units which are also operating and reportable segments. Goodwill was allocated to cash generating units that are expected 
to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.  
2021
2020
Retail - Lithuania 
20 283
20 419
Retail - Latvia 
134 440
134 507
Retail - Estonia
12 291
12 342
Retail - Poland
39 906
40 248
Retail - Bulgaria
153
153
207 073
207 670
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill may be impaired. 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to groups of cash-generating units according to the level at which 
management monitors that goodwill. In 2021 and 2020 impairment tests did not result in additional goodwill impairment. 
10.
Non-current receivables and prepayments
2021
2020
Net investment in the lease (Note 6)
10 738
9 547
Prepayments
6 170
7 058
16 908
16 605
F-37

--- Page 200 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
11.
Deferred income tax
The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised by the Group, and the movements thereof, during the current 
and prior reporting periods (before offsetting): 
Accrued
expenses
Contract
liability
Tax losses
Impair-
ment of
assets
Different
rates of
depreciation
and
amortisation
Other
Total
Deferred tax assets 
At 1 January 2020
1 994
606
1 070
1 649
5 164
4 129
14 614
(Charged) / credited to statement 
of comprehensive income 
326
(44)
52
381
2 064
1 187
3 966
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22)
(13)
-
-
-
-
-
(13)
Exchange differences 
(45)
(3)
(67)
(114)
(87)
(149)
(464)
Other 
66
-
1
70
990
(789)
338
At 31 December 2020 
2 328
559
1 056
1 986
8 132
4 379
18 441
(Charged) / credited to statement 
of comprehensive income 
609
(23)
(1 048)
136
(638)
1 180
215
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(56)
-
-
-
-
-
(56)
Exchange differences
(9)
-
(2)
(16)
(1)
(36)
(64)
Other 
1
-
-
-
(2 020)
2 018
-
At 31 December 2021 
2 873
536
6
2 106
5 473
7 541
18 535
Deferred tax liabilities 
Different
rates of
depreciation
and
amortisation
Fair value
adjustments
Taxable
temporary
differences
on
investments
in subsidiaries
Total
At 1 January 2020
6 322
17 012
2 186
25 521
Charged / (credited) to statement 
of comprehensive income 
4 719
(2 295)
(69)
2 356
Exchange differences 
(392)
(939)
-
(1 331)
Other 
204
-
-
204
At 31 December 2020  
10 854
13 779
2 117
26 750
Charged / (credited) to statement 
of comprehensive income 
2 976
(2 162)
(494)
320
Exchange differences 
(60)
4
-
(56)
At 31 December 2021 
13 770
11 621
1 623
27 014
As of 31 December 2021 deferred tax assets to be realised within one year amounted to EUR 9,560 thousand and deferred tax liabilities 
to be settled within one year amounted to EUR 6,890 thousand (2020: EUR 9,737 thousand and EUR 6,278 thousand, respectively).  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset when there was a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and when they related to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intended to settle its current 
tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 
Taxable temporary differences on investments in subsidiaries 
As of 31 December 2021 the Group recognised deferred tax liability of EUR 1,623 thousand (2020: EUR 2,117 thousand) associated with 
investments in subsidiaries in Latvia and Estonia for the amounts that are planned to be distributed as dividends in the foreseeable 
future. Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised 
amounted to EUR 117,537 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (2020: EUR 82,092 thousand). 
F-38

--- Page 201 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Tax losses 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through 
future taxable profits is probable. As of 31 December 2021 the Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of EUR 2,929 
thousand (2020: EUR 1,391 thousand) in respect of tax losses amounting to EUR 17,088 thousand (2020: EUR 9,107 thousand) that can be 
carried forward against future taxable income. The expiry dates of tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised are 
provided below: 
2021
2020
Within 1 year
4
-
Within 2 years 
226
4
Within 3 years 
3
228
Within 4 years 
385
3
Within 5 years 
8 520
389
Indefinitely 
7 950
8 483
Total 
17 088
9 107
12.
Inventories
2021
2020
Goods for resale 
332 013
318 248
Goods in transit 
7 524
12 903
Materials 
5 785
6 985
345 322
338 136
The allowances for net realisable value of inventories, goods for resale, comprise EUR 16,687 thousand (2020: EUR 13,235 thousand). 
The change in allowance for inventory is accounted for in cost of sales. In 2021, increase in allowance amounting to EUR 3,452 thousand 
was included in cost of sales (2020: decrease of EUR 2,040 thousand).  
13.
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets
2021
2020
Trade receivables 
8 800
11 646
Other receivables 
43 386
43 361
Less: allowances for trade receivables 
(978)
(1 061)
Less: allowances for other receivables 
(2 466)
(2 458)
Trade and other receivables, net 
48 742
51 487
Contract assets 
3 368
3 786
Short term loans granted
238
70
52 348
55 344
Deferred charges 
5 865
5 202
Current year portion of net investment in the lease
2 420
2 666
Prepayments
2 912
2 379
Prepaid profit tax
968
353
VAT receivable
10 586
3 060
Other prepaid taxes
519
348
75 618
69 352
Other receivables mainly relate to receivables for sold property, plant and equipment and advertising and other services provided to 
5. for accounting policy).
F-39

--- Page 202 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
ch 
invoices have not been issued at that date. After invoice is issued, which reflects the unconditional right to payment, contract assets are 
transferred to trade receivables.  
Trade receivables and other receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have payment terms of 21 to 41 days (2020: 21 to 41 
days). 
trade receivables and other receivables are as follows: 
2021
2020
At 1 January
3 519
3 718
Impairment losses
133
171
Write-off of impairment loss due to receivables write-off
(184)
(370)
Other
(24)
-
At 31 December 
3 444
3 519
The amount of allowances for trade and other receivables expenses is recognised as operating expenses. 
14.
Cash and cash equivalents
2021
2020
Cash at bank 
171 720
144 126
Cash on hand and in transit
47 325
39 397
219 045
183 523
Cash in transit is comprised of cash in the cash registers of the stores not yet collected for encashment and cash collected for 
encashment but not delivered to the bank yet, as well as cash transfers made at the year-end, which have not yet reached their 
Cash in certain bank accounts and future cash inflows into these accounts amounting to EUR 17,137 thousand (2020: EUR 
48,451 thousand) were pledged to the banks as security for credit facilities granted (Note 17). 
In the consolidated statement of cash flows cash and cash equivalents, less overdrafts, comprise of the following: 
2021 
2020 
Cash and cash equivalents 
219 045 
183 523 
Bank overdrafts (Note 17) 
(189) 
- 
218 856 
183 523 
15.
Share capital and share premium
2021 
2020 
Number of shares (in thousands) 
3 514 699 
3 514 699 
Par value of one share 
0.29 
0.29 
Total share capital 
1 019 263 
1 019 263 
Share premium 
Share premium was recognised for the difference between the proceeds received on share issue and par value of the shares issued. 
F-40

--- Page 203 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
16.
Reserves
Legal reserve 
Legal reserve is a compulsory reserve under the Lithuanian legislation. Legal reserve is made up by transfers from retained earnings. 
fers 
 31 December 
2021, legal reserve amounted to EUR 53,359 thousand (2020: EUR 43,767 thousand). 
Reverse acquisition reserve 
ed 
100 
Prekyba (currently LEKSITA, UAB), for a total consideration of EUR 1,667,292 thousand. At the time of the transaction, i.e. before and 
after the restructuring, the ultimate parent of the Group was Uzdaroji Akcine Bendrove Vilniaus Prekyba (currently LEKSITA, UAB). The 
acquisition was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, and for accounting purposes the legal subsidiary MAXIMA LT, UAB (identified as 
 The net assets of 
MAXIMA LT, UAB have been recognised at their pre-combination carrying amounts. No goodwill was recognised. The reverse 
acquisition reserve comprises principally of the pre-acquisition reserves of MAXIMA LT, UAB and its subsidiaries, elimination of the 
investment in MAXIMA LT, UAB and elimination of net assets of MAXIMA MGN, UAB. 
17.
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities)
2021
2020
Non-current 
Bank loans
105 487
156 086
Bonds
298 066
296 985
Other borrowings
-
87
403 553
453 158
Current 
Bank loans 
57 574
39 339
Bank overdrafts 
189
-
Bonds
2 909
2 909
Short-term notes
39 973
-
Other borrowings 
-
8
100 645
42 256
504 198
495 414
On 13 September 2018 the Group issued EUR 300 million nominal value fixed 3.25% interest rate coupon bonds. Bonds are traded at 
Euronext Dublin (Ireland) and Nasdaq Vilnius (Lithuania) stock exchanges. Bonds will mature on 13 September 2023.  The fair value of 
bonds amounted to EUR 310,707 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (2020: EUR 320,154 thousand).  
In March 2021, the Group completed commercial paper (short-term notes) offering with 12 months maturity. The nominal value of the 
transaction amounted to EUR 40,000 thousand. The notes were placed at 0.618% yield. They are not listed and were subscribed by 
various institutional investors. The issued notes are unsecured and are being used for general short-term financing purposes of the 
Group. In March 2022, the Group redeemed the aforementioned short-term notes and completed a new EUR 35,000 thousand offering 
(Note 32).  
The bank loans as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 are secured by cash in certain bank accounts (Note 14), property, plant and 
equipment (Note 5), right-of-use assets (Note 6) and investment property (Note 7).  
F-41

--- Page 204 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
As of 31 December, the carrying amounts of the borrowings are denominated in the following currencies: 
2021
2020
EUR 
490 321
485 264
PLN 
13 877
10 151
504 198
495 414
The weighted average effective interest rates as of 31 December were as follows: 
2021
2020
Bank loans 
1.17%
1.14%
Bonds
3.65%
3.65%
Short-term notes 
0.72%
-
Other borrowings 
-
1.75%
Total 
2.44%
2.65%
Non-current borrowings (except for lease liabilities) are repayable as follows: 
2021
2020
In the second year 
337 348
58 694
In the third to fifth years (inclusive) 
51 347
371 816
After five years 
14 858
22 648
403 553
453 158
For undiscounted contractual future cash outflows see Note 27.1. 
The undrawn borrowing facilities were as follows: 
2021
2020
Expiring within one year
66 885
71 516
Expiring beyond one year
-
50 434
66 885
121 949
In accordance with the Euro Medium Term Note Program issued for bonds and the agreements signed with banks the Group must 
comply with various covenants. As of 31 December 2021 and 2020 the Group complied with all of them. 
18.
Trade and other payables
2021
2020
Trade payables 
571 095
550 240
Liabilities under reverse factoring arrangements 
7 843
3 963
Other amounts payable 
14 517
7 094
Accrued expenses
4 698
4 659
598 152
565 956
Remuneration, social security and other related taxes 
69 122
65 149
Payable taxes, other than corporate income tax 
31 003
28 721
Contract liabilities 
15 249
14 919
Advances received 
2 109
2 306
Other 
285
413
715 920
677 463
F-42

--- Page 205 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
 The Group is involved in a reverse factoring arrangement with a bank under which the bank agrees to pay amounts the Group owes to 
r reverse 
factoring arrangement amounted to EUR 7,843 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (2020: EUR 3,963 thousand). Liabilities under reverse 
factoring arrangement have a similar nature and function to trade payables as they are part of the working capital u
normal operating cycle.  
ed and gift cards. 
They also include prepayments for goods and services received from 
thousand revenue that was included in the contract liability balance as of 31 December 2020 (2020: EUR 12,663 thousand). 
19.
Revenue
2021
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers 
 Retail revenue 
4 369 780
4 118 691
 Commission income
9 006
9 352
 Wholesale revenue
57 768
54 589
 Other
19 076
14 039
4 455 630
4 196 672
Other income 
 Rental income
29 141
28 932
29 141
28 932
4 484 771
4 225 603
All revenue from contracts with customers during the year were recognised at a point of time. 
20.
Operating expenses
2021
2020
Employee remuneration and related taxes 
75 695
69 999
Long-term employee benefits 
3 095
655
Transportation services 
4 409
3 297
Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets impairment charge 
2 843
8 054
Depreciation and amortisation 
22 670
24 409
Advertising 
30 583
24 777
Rental expenses 
575
663
Utilities
7 699
6 558
Taxes (except for income tax)
5 279
5 202
Repair and maintenance  
7 893
5 907
Other 
18 803
18 149
179 544
167 670
F-43

--- Page 206 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
21.
Finance costs, net
2021
2020
Finance costs 
Interest expenses 
Bank borrowings
(2 819)
(3 661)
Bonds
(11 051)
(10 797)
Lease
(24 935)
(20 120)
Other borrowings
(5)
(271)
(38 810)
(34 849)
Other 
398
16
Net foreign exchange gain/(loss) 
333
(2 029)
(38 079)
(36 863)
Finance income 
Interest income on net investment in the lease 
492
357
Other income 
11
19
376
Finance costs, net 
(37 576)
(36 486)
22. Other gains (losses)
2021
2020
Profit (loss) from disposal of subsidiaries 
194
(50)
Profit (loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
2 311
(1 067)
2 505
(1 117)
In 2021, the Group disposed of its wholly owned subsidiaries Loganas, UAB, Eigeris, UAB and Akonkagva, UAB (Lithuania). In 2020, the 
Group disposed of its wholly owned subsidiary Kametas, UAB (Lithuania). All of the disposed subsidiaries provided security services to 
23. Income tax expense
2021
2020
Current tax 
18 519
23 821
Deferred tax (Note 11)
104
(1 610)
Income tax expense 
18 623
22 211
The total income tax charge can be reconciled to the accounting profit before tax as follows: 
2021
2020
Profit before income tax
154 004
174 792
Tax at domestic tax rate of 15% (2020: 15%) 
23 101
26 219
Income not subject to tax 
(1 521)
(936)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
3 028
1 719
Tax losses for which no deferred income tax was recognised 
1 287
13
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses 
(941)
(1 274)
Tax incentives (charity, etc) 
(1 140)
(730)
Adjustments in respect of prior year
(93)
17
Effect of different tax rates of foreign subsidiaries
(5 036)
(2 847)
Other 
(62)
30
Income tax expense
18 623
22 211
Effective income tax rate 
12%
13%
F-44

--- Page 207 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
24. Government grants
In 2021, the Group received government grant in Poland amounting to EUR 1,814 thousand (2020: EUR 10,832 thousand) for the 
protection of jobs threatened by COVID-19 pandemic. The grant was received for co-financing of payroll costs of certain employees to 
certain extent. The grant was accounted for by reducing cost of sales. As of the end of the year, there were no unfulfilled conditions 
relating to the grant.  
25. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.  
Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (after adjusting for 
interest on the convertible preference shares) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into 
ordinary shares.  
 earnings per share is presented below: 
2021
2020
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (EUR thousand) 
135 381
152 581
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands) 
3 514 699
3 514 699
Basic/diluted earnings per share (EUR/share)
0.039
0.043
26. Dividends per share
Dividends declared in 2021 and 2020 amounted to EUR 106,000 thousand (EUR 0.030 per share) and EUR 86,562 thousand (EUR 0.025 
per share), respectively.  
27.
Financial risk management
27.1. Financial risk factors 
variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk 
imise 
potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. 
a)
Market risk
Foreign currency exchange risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures primarily with respect to USD due to purchasing 
of goods in foreign countries while income is mostly denominated in local currencies. The potential adverse effect from foreign 
exchange risk is substantially diminished, because the Group companies use foreign currency policies for the management of open 
currency exposure by currency acquisitions. In 2021 and 2020, the Group was using derivative financial instruments to be able to hedge 
Carrying amounts of borrowings by currencies are disclosed in Note 17. 
Interest rate risk 
-term borrowings. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk as some of the
F-45

--- Page 208 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps or borrowing at fixed rates directly. 
Interest rate swaps have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Under the interest rate swaps, 
the Group agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals (primarily quarterly), the difference between fixed contract rates 
and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts. 
thousand) with repricing periods between 1 - 6 months (2020: 1 - 6 months).  The remaining borrowings are with fixed interest rates. Fair 
value of bonds is disclosed in Note 17, fair value of other borrowings approximates their carrying value. The Group estimates that the 
increase / decrease of variable interest rates by 50 basis points, applied to exposed amounts as of 31 December 2021 and with all other 
variables held constant, would result in an increase / decrease in interest expense of EUR 56 thousand and EUR 56 thousand, 
respectively (2020: EUR 58 thousand and EUR 58 thousand, respectively).  
)
Credit risk
ted. 
sets at 
the reporting date. 
The credit risk of liquid funds (cash and cash equivalents) is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings 
assigned by international credit-ratings agencies or subsidiaries of such banks. Sales to retail customers are settled in cash or using 
credit cards. Management does not expect any material losses from non-
parties.  
The Group monitors creditworthiness of debtors by using controls that include credit approvals, limits, prepayment requirements and 
other monitoring procedures. 
of its new clients. 
The amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net of estimated allowances for doubtful amounts. An 
impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates 
are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, type of 
edged real estate and bank guarantees and 
 EUR 
2,013 thousand). A loss allowance has not been recognised for the amount of accounts receivable covered by collateral. Collateral 
obtained by the Group has not affected the expected credit losses as of 31 December 2021 (2020: has not affected the expected credit 
losses). COVID-19 pandemic did not have material effect on the ECLs and allowances for doubtful amounts receivable.  
nd cash and 
cash equivalents using provision matrix: 
31 December 2021 
Current
1-30 days
past due
31-90 days past
due
>90 days past
due
Total
Expected credit loss rate 
0.1%-1%
0.5%-8%
7%
100%
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
non-related parties 
43 694
3 401
752
3 731
51 578
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
related parties 
517
65
26
-
608
Contract assets 
3 368
-
-
-
3 368
Cash and cash equivalents
219 045
-
-
-
219 045
Expected credit loss
(57)
(91)
(54)
(3 242)
(3 444)
266 567
3 375
724
489
271 155
F-46

--- Page 209 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
31 December 2020 
Current
1-30 days
past due
31-90 days past
due
>90 days past
due
Total
Expected credit loss rate 
0.1%-1%
0.5%-8%
7%
100%
Gross carrying amount-receivables from non-
related parties 
44 862
5 119
889
3 697
54 566
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
related parties 
345
48
46
2
441
Contract assets
3 724
62
-
-
3 786
Cash and cash equivalents 
183 523
-
-
-
183 523
Expected credit loss 
(28)
(134)
(96)
(3 261)
(3 520)
232 426
5 096
838
438
238 796
The partners of the Group in cash transactions are banks with an adequate credit history and high ratings. The credit quality of cash at 
banks is assessed by reference to external credit ratings and is as follows: 
2021
A2 (Moody's) 
6 519
A3 (Moody's) 
43 141
Aa3 (Moody's) 
88 729
Baa1 (Moody's) 
1 349
Baa2 (Moody's) 
18 939
BBB+ (S&P) 
12 789
BBB (BCRA) 
250
Other
4
171 720
)
Liquidity risk
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk due to different maturity profiles of receivables and payables. Major amount of operating cash is 
collected from retail customers, therefore the Group does not have significant amount of trade receivables while payables to suppliers 
outstanding as of 31 December 2021 had weighted average payment term of 43 days. 
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding. Management believes that the 
Group will have sufficient cash resources through earning cash from operating activities and utilising undrawn credit facilities from 
various banks (Note 17). In order to manage short term liquidity risks the Group targets to increase average credit portfolio maturity 
with longer term credit agreements.  
-derivative financial liabilities. The analysis is based on undiscounted
cash flows, accounting the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Floating interest rates are estimated using the 
prevailing interest rates at the reporting date. 
2021 
Borrowings
from banks and
bonds
Lease
liabilities
Other financial
liabilities
Total
In the first year 
110 110
116 003
598 152
824 265
In the second year 
352 898
108 823
77
461 798
In the third year 
28 867
97 853
-
126 720
In the fourth year 
15 659
88 663
134
104 456
In the fifth year 
7 192
78 504
-
85 696
After five years
16 526
467 727
-
484 253
531 252
957 573
598 363
2 087 188
F-47

--- Page 210 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2020 
Borrowings
from banks and
bonds
Lease
liabilities
Borrowings from
related and
other
companies
Other financial
liabilities
Total
In the first year 
47 857
110 334
8
565 960
724 160
In the second year 
66 908
98 532
8
89
165 537
In the third year 
344 662
95 981
8
252
440 902
In the fourth year 
26 371
86 416
8
898
113 693
In the fifth year
10 744
77 352
8
296
88 400
After five years
23 379
353 520
56
10
376 964
519 921
822 135
96
567 505
1 909 656
27.2. Capital management 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern in order to 
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. 
The capital management strategy aims to continually optimise its financial structure by maintaining an optimum balance between 
net debt and EBITDA, equity and total assets. It aims at minimising the cost of capital and maint
that allows it to access a wide range of financing sources and instruments. Management's focus is to ensure the Group companies 
have sufficient equity capital to comply with capital adequacy ratios, the minimum capital rules set by local legislation and meet 
covenants set in bank credit agreements and Euro Medium Term Note Programme Prospectus. 
The Group monitors capital on the basis of Net debt/EBITDA (Note 4) ratio. Net debt comprises of borrowings and lease liabilities, less 
cash and cash equivalents. As of 31 December 2021, net debt was EUR 968,163 thousand (2020: EUR 1,000,734 thousand) and EBITDA 
was EUR 366,302 thousand (2020: EUR 385,440 thousand) resulting in net debt/EBITDA ratio of 2.6. Net debt/EBITDA 
remained unchanged since the end of 2020. 
27.3. Fair value of financial instruments 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the 
asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
in the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or 
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure 
fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs. 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorised within the 
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
Level 1 
 Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
Level 2 
 Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable; 
Level 3 
 Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable. 
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether 
transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. 
F-48

--- Page 211 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
up has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of asset or liability and the level of the fair 
value hierarchy as explained above. 
The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: 
The carrying amount of current trade and other receivables, contract assets, current trade and other payables, short-term 
loans granted and current borrowings approximates their fair value (level 3).  
The fair value of non-current debt, except for bonds, is based on the quoted market price for the same or similar issues or on 
the current rates available for debt with the same maturity profile. The carrying amount of non-current borrowings with 
variable interest rates approximates their fair value (level 3).  
The fair value of bonds is based on quoted market price (level 1) (Note 17). 
28.
Related party transactions
 entities 
controlled b
a)
Sales and purchases of goods and services and property, plant and equipment
The following transactions were carried out with related parties: 
2021
2020
Sales of goods and services: 
Sales of goods to other related parties
1 287
1 326
Sales of services to other related parties 
8 531
10 161
9 818
11 487
Sales of services to related parties include mostly rent services and commission income. 
2021
2020
Purchases of goods and services: 
Purchases of goods and services from other related parties
23 284
22 946
Purchases of services from parent company
917
826
24 201
23 772
Purchases of goods and services from related parties include mostly purchased goods for resale and consulting services. 
2021
2020
Sales of property, plant and equipment to: 
Other related parties 
2 101
53
2 101
53
2021
2020
Purchases of property, plant and equipment from: 
Other related parties 
893
758
893
758
F-49

--- Page 212 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
)
Year-end balances arising from sales/purchases of goods/services
2021
2020
Non-current receivables and prepayments: 
Net investment in the lease other related parties
5 699
4 514
5 699
4 514
Net investment in the lease is recognised for the sublease of premises to related parties. 
2021
2020
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets from: 
Trade and other receivables - other related parties
608
441
Current year portion of net investment in the lease - other related parties
1 252
1 543
1 860
1 983
2021
2020
Trade and other payables to: 
Parent company 
135
82
Other related parties 
5 548
4 523
5 683
4 605
)
Borrowings
2021
2020
Non-current borrowings: 
Lease liabilities to other related parties
91 387
91 364
91 387
91 364
2021
2020
Current borrowings: 
Lease liabilities to other related parties
8 771
11 435
8 771
11 435
)
Finance income/costs
2021
2020
Interest expenses to: 
Other related parties
1 969
2 122
1 969
2 122
Interest expenses are incurred on lease liabilities. 
2021
2020
Interest income from: 
Other related parties 
345
106
345
106
Interest income is earned on net investment in the lease to related parties. 
F-50

--- Page 213 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
)
Key management compensation
2021
2020
Salaries including related taxes 
1 139
1 259
Termination benefits
99
78
Provision for long term employee benefits 
3 095
-
29.
Cash flow information
29.1. Non-cash investing and financing activities 
Non-cash investing and financing activities in 2021 and 2020 are provided below: 
-
Additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities amounted to EUR 84,218 thousand (Note 6) (2020: EUR 100,589 thousand).
-
Lease liability remeasurements and decrease in lease liability due to lease contract terminations, including effect of foreign
exchange rate changes, amounted to EUR 1,621 thousand (2020: EUR 13,432 thousand).
29.2. Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities 
The below table summarises changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both changes arising from cash flows and 
non-cash changes during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
2021
Balance at
31 
December 
2020
Dividends 
declared
Cash 
received
Cash paid
Increase 
in lease 
liabilities
Interest 
expenses
Interest 
paid
Other
Balance at 31 
December 
2021
Borrowings, excl. 
bank overdrafts 
495 415
-
57 915
(50 525)
-
13 875
(12 336)
(335)
504 009
Lease liabilities 
688 844
-
-
(88 420)
82 597
24 935
(24 935)
(11)
683 010
Dividend payable
-
106 000
-
(106 000)
-
-
-
-
-
Total liabilities
arising from 
financing 
activities 
1 184 259
106 000
57 915
(244 945)
82 597
38 810
(37 271)
(346)
1 187 019
2020 
Balance at 
31 
December 
2019
Dividends 
declared
Cash 
received
Cash paid
Increase 
in lease 
liabilities
Interest 
expenses
Interest 
paid
Other
Balance at 31 
December 
2020
Borrowings, excl. 
bank overdrafts 
585 332
-
-
(90 038)
-
14 729
(13 345)
(1 263)
495 415
Lease liabilities 
687 894
-
-
(86 207)
87 157
20 120
(20 120)
688 844
Dividend payable
-
86 562
-
(86 562)
-
-
-
- 
-
Total liabilities 
arising from 
financing 
activities 
1 273 226
86 562
-
(262 807)
87 157
34 849
(33 465)
(1 263)
1 184 259
-
F-51

--- Page 214 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
30. Contingent liabilities
Court proceedings relating to collapse of store roof in Riga, Latvia 
Maxima Latvija SIA and its employee, who was responsible for labour safety in the store (located in Priedaines iela 20, Riga, Latvia) which 
roof partly collapsed on 21 November 2013, participate as defendants in a criminal case initiated based on breach of labour safety rules. 
Maxima Latvija SIA could theoretically be held liable in criminal proceedings if the court found that the employee (i) was guilty of 
alleged irregularities and (ii) the employee was acting in accordance with Maxima Latvija SIA instructions. According to official expert 
findings, the collapse was due to inadequate design and not due to employee violations, and therefore, in the view of Maxima Latvija 
SIA management, there were no causal relationship between the collapse of the roof and the alleged violations of the Maxima Latvija 
SIA employee. Decision of the court of first instance was delivered on 18 February 2020. The court acquitted the employee of Maxima 
Latvija SIA. Decision of the court was appealed.  
The Group believes that liabilities relating to the above ongoing proceedings would not, individually or in the aggregate, require 
additional accruals or provisions to be recorded as of 31 December 2021. 
Corporate income tax case in Poland 
Until 24 November, 2021, the Group was involved in an ongoing tax dispute with the Polish tax authorities relating to Emperia Holding 
ecember 2011 
in Polish administrative courts. 
In 2010, Emperia Holding established P1 sp. z o.o. ("P1"), a 100 per cent owned subsidiary and, in 2011, it made an in-kind contribution to 
P1 of the shares of certain of its distribution company subsidiaries (the "Distribution Subsidiaries") (which was treated as tax neutral step 
by Emperia Holding). At the end of 2011, P1 disposed of its shares in the Distribution Subsidiaries to an entity outside the Emperia 
Holding group. In 2011, P1's share capital was reduced through the compulsory redemption of 13,200,000 shares with an aggregate 
nominal value of EUR 287,206,266 (PLN 1,320,000,000) (the "P1 Redemption"). Emperia Holding received remuneration for the 
redemption of its P1 shares which was treated as tax exempt dividend-type income since Emperia Holding had held 100 percent of P1's 
shares for a period exceeding two years.  
On 25 January 2017, the Head of the Tax Audit Office in Lublin (the "authority of first instance") determined that Emperia Holding's 
corporate income tax liability for the 2011 fiscal year was EUR 30,997,347 (PLN 142,463,805) greater (excluding default interest) than the 
amount disclosed in its CIT 8 return for the year (the "Shortfall"). The authority of first instance concluded that the P1 Redemption was 
voluntary rather than compulsory in nature and, therefore, the tax payable in connection with the P1 Redemption should be assessed 
accordingly. Emperia Holding disagreed with the findings and legal assessment by the authority of first instance and appealed to the 
authority of second instance (Dyrektor Izby Administracji Skarbowej w Warszawie) with a request to repeal the decision and discontinue 
led 
Emperia Holding has subseq
Warszawie), requesting the annulment of both first and second instance decisions. Emperia Holding had extensive court processes in 
various instances of Polish 
Administracyjny w Warszawie) and three times by the Supreme Administrative Court), and received several contradictory decisions as a 
result of its complaints.  
Whilst final resolution of the matter was pending, Emperia Holding had provided the tax authorities with collateral securing the Shortfall, 
together with default interest, in the form of a bank guarantee up to a maximum of EUR 43.5 million (PLN 200 million). 
Finally, on 24 November 2021 the Supreme Administrative Court, apart from other issues, revoked the Appealed decision in its entirety 
and ordered the Director of the Tax Administration Chamber in Warsaw to reimburse Emperia Holding the costs of court proceedings. 
As a result, the corporate income tax liability for the 2011 fiscal year, equal to Shortfall, ceased to be payable, and the collateral securing 
the payment of Shortfall, was returned to the company by Tax Administration Chamber in Warsaw. Additionally, proceedings on 
determining the corporate income tax of Emperia Holding for the 2011 fiscal year was again transferred to Tax Chamber of Warsaw. The 
Group expects the final outcome of the proceedings to be favourable to Emperia Holdings, i.e. expects that it will be admitted that 
paid by 
Emperia Holding. No provision for the matter was formed in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2021. 
F-52

--- Page 215 ---
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
31.
COVID-19
The COVID-
-and-mortar stores 
continued to be negatively impacted by the lockdown measures taken by the national governments in the countries where the Group 
operates. On the other hand, consumer shift to e-
online sales only partially compensated negative impact on revenue from lockdown measures. 
During the year the Group continued to incur additional costs amounting to EUR 6.5 million (2020: EUR 9 million) relating to protection 
ed to provide temporary rent concessions to tenants 
nd for the 
protection of jobs threatened by COVID-19 pandemic (Note 24). 
While COVID-
actions to handle the effects of the pandemic. The risks of COVID-19 spread has been successfully managed in the Group by ensuring 
supply of goods, maintaining appropriate liquidity position, expanding e-commerce capacity, etc. The prompt implementation of 
COVID-19 prevention actions has made it possible to ensure safe shopping for customers and to maintain a safe working environment 
for employees, and still remains a priority. 
32.
Events after the reporting period
Completion of the second issue of short-term notes 
In March 2022, the Group successfully completed the second commercial paper offering with 12 months maturity. The nominal value of 
the transaction amounted to EUR 35 million. The notes were placed at 1.064% yield. They are not listed and were subscribed by various 
institutional investors. The issued notes are unsecured and will be used for general short-term financing purposes of the Group. 
of Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia began military invasion of Ukraine. Many countries, including members of European Union, condemned 
the attack and imposed economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus.  
After the invasion the Group removed goods of Russian and Belarussian origin from its retail stores and discontinued further orders of 
such goods. The Group monitors the list of sanctions against Russia and Belarus and ceases business relationships with the sanctioned 
Management of the Group monitors the situation in Ukraine on daily basis and adjusts business operations locally as needed. The 
Group does not have subsidiaries in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and does not have direct sales to the entities in these countries. At this 
stage management considers it impracticable to provide a quantitative estimate of the potential impact of this war on the Group. All 
ted financial 
statements. 
There have been no other significant events after the reporting period. 
F-53

--- Page 216 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB, J. Jasinskio str. 16B, 03163 Vilnius, Lithuania 
+370 (5) 239 2300, lt_vilnius@pwc.com, www.pwc.lt
Company code 111473315, registered with the Legal Entities’ Register of the Republic of Lithuania
Independent auditor’s report 
To the shareholder of MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
financial position of MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together - the 
“Group”) as at 31 December 2020, and the Group’s consolidated financial performance and 
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee dated 1 April 2021. 
What we have audited 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise: 
●
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;
●
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
●
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
●
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
●
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
Independence 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on the Audit 
of Financial Statements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the 
Republic of Lithuania. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA 
Code and the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on the Audit of Financial Statements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services that we have provided to 
the Group are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in the Republic of Lithuania and 
that we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 considering the exemptions of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 endorsed in the Law of the 
Republic of Lithuania on the Audit of Financial Statements. The non-audit services that we have 
provided to the Group, in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 are disclosed in 
Consolidated Annual Report section Information on non-audit services.  
F-54

--- Page 217 ---
Our audit approach 
Overview 
●
Overall Group materiality: EUR 12,000 thousand
●
We conducted audit work at 8 reporting units, located in Bulgaria,
Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland.
●
Our audit addressed 92% of the Group’s total assets and 98% of the
Group’s total revenues.
●
Goodwill impairment assessment
●
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets impairment
assessment
●
Lease term determination and application of discount rate
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where 
management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates 
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all 
of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including, 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of 
material misstatement due to fraud. 
Materiality 
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material 
misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if 
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, 
including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out 
in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope 
of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of 
misstatements, if any, both individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole. 
Overall materiality 
EUR 12,000 thousand (2019: EUR 10,000 thousand) 
How we determined it 
0,28% of Group’s total revenues 
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied 
We chose total revenues as the benchmark because total 
revenues are one of the Group’s key performance indicators 
analysed by the management and communicated to the 
shareholder and, in our view, it is an appropriate measure of 
the size of the Group. Total revenues are also a more stable 
measure compared to profitability ratio.  
Materiality
Group 
scoping
Key audit 
matters
F-55

--- Page 218 ---
We chose the threshold of 0,28%, which is within the range 
of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds for this 
benchmark. 
We informed the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our 
audit above EUR 840 thousand, as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, 
warranted reporting for qualitative reasons. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Goodwill impairment assessment 
Refer to accounting policy on impairment 
testing in note 2.5, accounting estimates and 
assessments in note 3.2 and note 9 
,,Goodwill”. 
The Group has a goodwill balance of EUR 
207,670 thousand as at 31 December 2020. 
The goodwill has to be tested for an 
impairment at least on an annual basis. The 
determination of recoverable amount, being 
the higher of value in-use and fair value less 
costs of disposal, requires judgment from 
management when identifying and valuing the 
relevant cash-generating units.  
Recoverable amounts are based on the cash 
flow forecasts that include management’s 
estimate of key value driver inputs and 
external market conditions such as inflation, 
revenue growth and competition, capital 
expenditures and discount rates applied. 
No impairment was recognized in the current 
period as the recoverable amount was higher 
than the carrying amount.  
We focused on this area due to the 
significance of the goodwill balance and 
because the impairment assessment involved 
significant management’s judgements about 
future results and the discount rates applied to 
future cash flows forecasts. 
We obtained an understanding of management’s 
process over the impairment assessment. We 
evaluated management’s identification of the 
Group’s cash-generating units. 
Our audit procedures also included challenging 
management on the appropriateness of the 
impairment models and the reasonableness of the 
assumptions used by performing the following: 
- Assessing the reliability of the cash flow forecast
by checking the actual past performance and
comparing to previous forecasts and by inspecting
internal documents, such as budget forecasts for
2021–2025;
- Benchmarking market related assumptions like
discount rate and long-term growth rate against
external data. Where it was considered
necessary, we involved our valuation experts;
- Testing the mathematical accuracy of the model
and assessing the sensitivity of the impairment
test to key inputs.
Finally, we have reviewed the adequacy of the 
Group’s disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements. 
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use 
assets impairment assessment 
Refer to accounting policy on impairment 
testing in note 2.9, accounting estimates and 
We obtained understanding of management’s 
F-56

--- Page 219 ---
assessments in note 3.2 and note 5 ,,Property, 
plant and equipment” and note 6 ,,Leases” 
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use 
assets amounted to EUR 713,622 thousand 
and EUR 674,801 thousand, respectively, in 
the Group’s consolidated statement of financial 
position as at 31 December 2020, and 
represented around 61% of the total assets 
recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position. 
The Group has assessed if impairment 
indicators for property, plant and equipment 
and right-of-use assets existed as at 31 
December 2020.  
The Group performed an annual impairment 
test of the assets, where impairment indicators 
were identified as at 31 December 2020, 
based on the recoverable amount estimations 
of the Group’s cash-generating units 
(individual store). The annual impairment test 
involves management judgment regarding the 
assumptions used in the underlying cash flows 
forecasts that include management’s estimate 
of key value driver inputs and external market 
conditions such as inflation, revenue growth 
and competition, capital expenditures and 
discount rates applied. 
The additional impairment charge of EUR 
3,402 thousand and EUR 6,600 thousand and 
the reversal of impairment charge of EUR 
1,056 thousand and EUR 1,394 thousand were 
recognised in 2020 for property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets, 
respectively.   
Based on these, we considered it to be a key 
audit matter. 
procedures in relation to the impairment 
assessment of the property, plant and equipment 
and right-of-use assets. 
Among other procedures, we involved a valuation 
specialist to assist us with the review of the 
impairment model structure and composition as 
well as the discount rates used by the 
management in the impairment test. 
-We also considered key assumptions used by the
management in the estimation of cash flows
forecasts, including the expected trend in
revenue, costs, level of capital expenditure by
comparing them to historical performance levels
and management’s expectations of their
development in the future.
-We tested the sensitivity in the available
headroom of the impairment test by considering if
a reasonably possible change in assumptions
could cause the carrying amount of cash
generating unit to exceed its recoverable amount.
-We have also assessed the historical accuracy of
the management’s forecasts.
Finally, we have reviewed the adequacy of the 
Group’s disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements about the assumptions used in the 
impairment test and the outcome of the test. 
Lease term determination and application of 
discount rate 
Refer to accounting policy on lease liabilities 
and subleases in note 2.19, accounting 
estimates and assessments in note 3.1 and 
note 6 ,,Leases“.  
The Group has accounted for a right-of-use 
assets of EUR 674,801 thousand, a net 
investment in the lease of EUR 12,213 
thousand and lease liabilities of EUR 688,843 
thousand as at 31 December 2020.  
We paid attention to this area during our audit, 
as the balances recorded were material, the 
process to identify and process all relevant 
Our audit procedures included analysis of the 
completeness and accuracy of the new, modified 
or remeasured lease contracts identified and 
recorded in the lease accounting system during 
2020 and calculation of the right-of-use assets 
and lease liability:  
- We obtained an understanding of internal
processes around identification of leases and
obtained the related lease contracts data
- We performed procedures to asses the process
of lease term determination and management’s
assessment whether options to extend a lease are
F-57

--- Page 220 ---
data associated with the leases (including IT 
software and controls) was complex and the 
measurement of the right-of-use asset and 
lease liability was based on assumptions such 
as discount rates and the lease terms, 
including termination and renewal options. 
reasonably certain to be exercised, by reviewing 
the contractual terms and other relevant 
documents 
- We challenged management assumptions,
specifically on the assumptions used to determine
the discount rates;
-We assessed the completeness and accuracy of
input data used in the calculation by reconciling
inputs to the lease contracts and tested them on a
sample basis;
-For the sample of lease contracts selected, we
checked whether the accounting treatment of
leases is consistent with the definitions of IFRS
16, including factors such as lease term, discount
rate and measurements principles;
-We recalculated on a sample basis the right-of-
use asset and lease liability for selected lease
contracts and verified the mathematical accuracy
of the calculation;
- We recalculated for the same sample lease
payments, interest and amortisation expenses
recognised during the period;
We also read the disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements regarding right-of-use assets 
and lease liabilities 
How we tailored our Group audit scope 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the 
Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
The Group comprises a number of subsidiaries operating in Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and 
Poland (refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements). A full-scope audit was performed by 
us or based on our instructions by PwC entities represented in the following countries: Bulgaria, 
Estonia, Latvia and Poland for the financial information of the following Group entities: 
•
Maxima Bulgaria EOOD;
•
Maxima Eesti OU;
•
Maxima Latvia SIA;
•
Maxima Grupe UAB;
•
Maxima LT;
•
Maxima International Sourcing UAB;
•
Elpro Development S.A.;
•
Stokrotka Sp.z.o.o.
For real estate and e-trade entities of the Group, the Group engagement team and PwC entities in 
Estonia and Latvia carried out audit work on the selected balances and transactions, which were 
assessed by us as material from the Group audit perspective. For the remaining components we 
performed analytical review at the Group level. This together with additional procedures performed at 
F-58

--- Page 221 ---
the Group level, including testing of consolidation journals and intercompany eliminations, gave us the 
evidence we needed for our opinion on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
Reporting on other information including the consolidated annual report 
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
consolidated annual report, including the corporate governance report and the social responsibility 
report (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon). 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information, including 
the consolidated annual report.  
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
With respect to the consolidated annual report, we considered whether the consolidated annual report 
includes the disclosures required by the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Consolidated Financial 
Reporting by Groups of Undertakings and Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Financial Reporting of 
Undertakings.  
Based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion: 
●
the information given in the consolidated annual report for the financial year for which the
consolidated financial statements are prepared, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements; and
●
the consolidated annual report has been prepared in accordance with the Law of the Republic of
Lithuania on Consolidated Financial Reporting by Groups of Undertakings and Law of the
Republic of Lithuania on Financial Reporting of Undertakings.
The Group presented the social responsibility report as a part of the consolidated annual report. 
In addition, in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and its environment obtained in 
the course of the audit, we are required to report if we have identified material misstatements in the 
consolidated annual report which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. We have 
nothing to report in this regard. 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the 
consolidated financial statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a 
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error.  
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process. 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is 
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material 
F-59

--- Page 222 ---
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
●
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.
●
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
●
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
●
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
cease to continue as a going concern.
●
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
●
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit.
We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and have communicated with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.  
F-60

--- Page 223 ---
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Appointment 
We were first appointed as auditors of the Group on 2 May 2019 and had an uninterrupted 
engagement appointment of 2 years. 
The key audit partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Rimvydas Jogėla. 
On behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB 
Rimvydas Jogėla 
Partner 
Auditor's Certificate No. 000457 
Vilnius, Republic of Lithuania 
1 April 2021 
The auditor's electronic signature is used herein to sign only the Independent Auditor's Report 
F-61

--- Page 224 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
At 31 December 
Notes 
2020 
2019 
ASSETS 
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 
5 
713 622 
700 698 
Right-of-use assets 
6 
674 801 
691 458 
Investment properties 
7 
16 581 
18 370 
Intangible assets (except for goodwill) 
8 
46 368 
56 574 
Goodwill 
9 
207 670 
212 178 
Non-current receivables and prepayments
10
16 605
17 038
Deferred tax assets 
11 
10 093 
10 014 
1 685 740 
1 706 331 
Current assets 
Inventories 
12 
338 136 
328 950 
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets 13 
69 352 
76 734 
Cash and cash equivalents 
14 
183 523 
272 909 
591 012 
678 593 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2 276 752 
2 384 924 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
Equity 
Share capital 
15 
1 019 263 
1 019 263 
Share premium 
15 
41 352 
41 352 
Legal reserve
16
43 767
36 163
Reverse acquisition reserve 
16 
(1 430 271) 
(1 430 271) 
Other reserves 
(622) 
(137) 
Foreign currency translation reserve 
(30 057) 
(9 576) 
Retained earnings  
744 021 
685 606 
Total equity 
387 453 
342 400 
Non-current liabilities 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities) 
17 
453 158 
492 616 
Lease liabilities 
6 
592 185 
593 602 
Deferred tax liabilities 
11 
18 401 
20 919 
Other non-current liabilities 
3 248 
2 887 
1 066 992 
1 110 024 
Current liabilities 
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities) 
17 
42 256 
104 065 
Lease liabilities 
6 
96 658 
94 293 
Current income tax liabilities 
5 930 
7 928 
Trade and other payables 
18 
677 463 
726 214 
822 308 
932 500 
Total liabilities 
1 889 299 
2 042 524 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
2 276 752 
2 384 924 
Mantas Kuncaitis 
Vitalij Rakovski 
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and signed electronically on 1 April 2021. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-62

--- Page 225 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Year ended 31 December 
Notes
2020
2019
Revenue 
4, 19 
4 225 603 
3 993 140 
Cost of sales 
(3 845 539) 
(3 659 698) 
Operating expenses 
20 
(167 670) 
(157 408) 
Other gains (losses) 
22 
(1 117) 
11 625 
Profit from operations 
211 279 
187 660 
Finance income
21
376 
465 
Finance costs 
21 
(36 863) 
(32 975) 
Finance costs, net 
(36 486) 
(32 510) 
Profit before tax 
174 792 
155 150 
Income tax expense 
23 
(22 211) 
(26 015) 
Net profit  
4 
152 581 
129 135 
Net profit attributable to: 
Equity holders of the parent 
152 581 
129 135 
152 581
129 135
Other comprehensive income: 
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
-
-
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 
(20 481) 
3 375 
Reclassification of exchange differences to profit or loss on disposal of 
subsidiary 
- 
(15) 
Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
(485) 
(519) 
Other comprehensive income 
(20 966) 
2 841 
Total comprehensive income 
131 615 
131 976 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
Equity holders of the parent 
131 615 
131 976 
131 615 
131 976 
Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the 
parent (EUR) 
Basic/diluted
25
0.043 
0.037 
Mantas Kuncaitis
Vitalij Rakovski
Chief Executive Officer 
Chief Financial Officer 
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and signed electronically on 1 April 2021. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
F-63

--- Page 226 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Notes 
Share 
capital 
Share 
premium 
Legal 
reserve 
Reverse 
acquisition 
reserve 
Other 
reserves 
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
equity 
At 31 December 2018 
1 019 263 
41 352 
30 720 
(1 430 271) 
382 
(12 936) 
643 914 
292 424 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
129 135
129 135 
Other comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(519)
3 360
-
2 841
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
-
-
-
-
(519)
3 360
129 135
131 976
Transfer to legal reserve 
16 
-
- 
5 443
- 
- 
- 
(5 443) 
- 
Dividends 
26 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
(82 000)
(82 000) 
Total transactions with 
shareholders recognised 
directly in equity 
-
- 
5 443
- 
- 
- 
(87 443) 
(82 000) 
At 31 December 2019 
1 019 263 
41 352 
36 163 
(1 430 271) 
(137)
(9 576) 
685 606
342 400 
At 31 December 2020 
1 019 263 
41 352 
36 163 
(1 430 271) 
(137)
(9 576) 
685 606
342 400 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
152 581
152 581 
Other comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(485)
(20 481)
-
(20 966)
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
-
-
-
-
(485)
(20 481)
152 581
131 615
Transfer to legal reserve 
16 
-
- 
7 604
- 
- 
- 
(7 604) 
- 
Dividends 
26 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
(86 562)
(86 562) 
Total transactions with 
shareholders recognised 
directly in equity 
-
- 
7 604
- 
- 
- 
(94 166) 
(86 562) 
At 31 December 2020 
1 019 263 
41 352 
43 767 
(1 430 271) 
(622)
(30 057) 
744 021
387 453 
Mantas Kuncaitis 
Vitalij Rakovski 
Chief Executive Officer 
Chief Financial Officer 
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and signed electronically on 1 April 2021. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
F-64

--- Page 227 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Year ended 31 December
Notes 
2020
2019
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Net profit 
152 581 
129 135 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation 
5, 6, 7 
154 163 
144 129 
Amortisation
8
10 903
10 996
Property, plant & equipment and intangible assets write-offs  
989 
842 
Property, plant & equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets impairment charge 
(reversal) 
20 
8 054 
502 
Loss / (profit) on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
22 
1 067 
(929) 
(Profit) / loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
22 
50 
(10 696) 
Income tax expense
23
22 211
26 015
Interest expenses 
21 
34 849 
32 444 
Interest income 
21 
(376)
(465)
Fair value (gains) losses on derivative financial instruments 
(485)
(519)
Changes in working capital 
- trade and other receivables
(863)
(7 365)
- inventories
(9 186)
(18 194)
- trade and other payables
(38 298) 
50 496
Cash generated from operations
335 658 
356 390 
Income tax paid
(24 923) 
(22 435) 
Net cash generated from operating activities
310 735 
333 955 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and investment properties
(99 752) 
(126 609) 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
5 695 
2 980 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
(1 235) 
(7) 
Proceeds (outflow) from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed
(175)
11 694
Loans granted
(72)
140
Proceeds from repayment of loans granted
70 
297 
Interest received
19 
94 
Finance sublease receivable collected
2 953 
2 799 
Net cash (used in) investing activities
(92 498)
(108 612)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from borrowings
0 
72 354 
Repayment of borrowings
(90 038) 
(59 501) 
Payment of principal and interest on leases
(106 327) 
(102 441) 
Dividends paid
26 
(86 562) 
(82 000) 
Interest paid
(13 345) 
(14 263) 
Net cash generated from (used in) financing activities
(296 272) 
(185 851) 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
(78 035) 
39 492 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR
14
261 559
222 067
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, LESS OVERDRAFTS, AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
14 
183 523 
261 559 
Mantas Kuncaitis
Vitalij Rakovski
Chief Executive Officer 
Chief Financial Officer 
The consolidated financial statements have been approved and signed electronically on 1 April 2021. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-65

--- Page 228 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
1.
General information
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB (hereinafter “the Company”) was incorporated and commenced its operations on 23 August 2007. The 
Company’s registered address is Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania. The Company’s legal status - private limited liability company. 
The sole shareholder of the Company is Uždaroji Akcinė Bendrovė Vilniaus Prekyba incorporated in Lithuania. The ultimate shareholder 
is METODIKA B.V., incorporated in the Netherlands. 
The consolidated group is comprised of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (hereinafter collectively referred to as “the 
Group”). In 2020 and 2019, the Group’s main subsidiaries are provided in the table below. Other subsidiaries not listed below are mainly 
involved in real estate management. The Group owns 100% of shares in all subsidiaries. There were no significant business combinations 
in 2020 and 2019. 
Name 
Country of 
incorporation 
% held by the Group 
(on 31 December) 
Principal business activities 
2020 
2019 
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Lithuania 
Holding company 
MAXIMA LT, UAB 
Lithuania 
100% 
100% 
Retail in food and consumables 
MAXIMA Latvija SIA 
Latvia 
100% 
100% 
Retail in food and consumables 
MAXIMA Eesti OU 
Estonia 
100% 
100% 
Retail in food and consumables 
MAXIMA Bulgaria EOOD 
Bulgaria 
100% 
100% 
Retail in food and consumables 
Stokrotka Sp.z.o.o.
Poland
100%
100%
Retail in food and consumables
BARBORA, UAB
Lithuania
100%
100%
E-trade
PATRIKA SIA 
Latvia 
100% 
100% 
E-trade 
SUPERSA OU 
Estonia 
100% 
100% 
E-trade 
FRANMAX, UAB 
Lithuania 
100% 
100% 
IT development, maintenance and consulting 
services 
MAXIMA INTERNATIONAL 
SOURCING, UAB 
Lithuania 
100% 
100% 
Wholesale and agency of food and 
consumables 
The Group’s principal business activity is retail in food and consumables. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group employed 40.7 thousand employees (total remuneration related costs amounted to EUR 458 
million in 2020, including government grant of EUR 11 million (Note 24) (31 December 2019: 40.6 thousand employees, remuneration 
related costs EUR 454 million).  
The Group’s bonds are traded at Euronext Dublin (Ireland) and Nasdaq Vilnius (Lithuania) stock exchanges (Note 17). 
The Company‘s management authorized these consolidated financial statements on 1 April 2021. The Company‘s shareholders have a 
statutory right to approve or not to approve these consolidated financial statements and to require the preparation of a new set of 
consolidated financial statements. 
2.
Accounting policies
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. The accounting policies 
adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, except for the below amended IFRSs which have been adopted by the 
Group as of 1 January 2020. 
F-66

--- Page 229 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.1. Basis of preparation 
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (hereinafter 
“IFRS”), as adopted by the European Union (hereinafter “the EU”). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a 
historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments that have been measured at fair value.  
All amounts in these consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, the functional currency of the Company and presentation 
currency of the Group, and they have been rounded to the nearest thousand (in thousand EUR), unless otherwise stated. Due to 
rounding the numbers in these consolidated financial statements may not sum up. 
2.2. Adoption of new and/or revised IFRSs and Interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group 
Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 
The IASB issued the revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting. The Conceptual Framework sets out a comprehensive set of 
concepts for financial reporting, standard setting, guidance for preparers in developing consistent accounting policies and assistance to 
others in their efforts to understand and interpret the standards. IASB also issued a separate accompanying document, Amendments to 
References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards, which sets out the amendments to affected standards in order to update 
references to the revised Conceptual Framework. Its objective is to support transition to the revised Conceptual Framework for 
companies that develop accounting policies using the Conceptual Framework when no IFRS Standard applies to a particular transaction. 
These revised Conceptual Framework had no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
IFRS 3 Business Combinations (Amendments) 
The IASB issued amendments in Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3) aimed at resolving the difficulties that arise when an 
entity determines whether it has acquired a business or a group of assets. The Amendments are effective for business combinations for 
which the acquisition date is in the first annual reporting period beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and to asset acquisitions that 
occur on or after the beginning of that period. The Amendments are prospective and the Group will apply them to the future business 
combinations and acquisition of group of assets. In 2020 the Group did not have significant business combinations, therefore the 
amendments had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of 
‘material’ (Amendments) 
The Amendments clarify the definition of “material” and how it should be applied. The new definition states that, “Information is material 
if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose 
financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting 
entity’”. In addition, the explanations accompanying the definition have been improved. The Amendments also ensure that the 
definition of material is consistent across all IFRS. The Amendments had no impact to the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
F-67

--- Page 230 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Interest rate benchmark reform – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 
The amendments were triggered by replacement of benchmark interest rates such as LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates 
(“IBORs”). The amendments provide temporary relief from applying specific hedge accounting requirements to hedging relationships 
directly affected by the IBOR reform. Cash flow hedge accounting under both IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IAS 39 Financial 
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement requires the future hedged cash flows to be ‘highly probable’. Where these cash flows 
depend on an IBOR, the relief provided by the amendments requires an entity to assume that the interest rate on which the hedged 
cash flows are based does not change as a result of the reform. Both IAS 39 and IFRS 9 require a forward-looking prospective 
assessment in order to apply hedge accounting. While cash flows under IBOR and IBOR replacement rates are currently expected to be 
broadly equivalent, which minimises any ineffectiveness, this might no longer be the case as the date of the reform gets closer. Under 
the amendments, an entity may assume that the interest rate benchmark on which the cash flows of the hedged item, hedging 
instrument or hedged risk are based, is not altered by IBOR reform.  IBOR reform might also cause a hedge to fall outside the 80–125% 
range required by retrospective test under IAS 39. IAS 39 has therefore been amended to provide an exception to the retrospective 
effectiveness test such that a hedge is not discontinued during the period of IBOR-related uncertainty solely because the retrospective 
effectiveness falls outside this range. However, the other requirements for hedge accounting, including the prospective assessment, 
would still need to be met.  In some hedges, the hedged item or hedged risk is a non-contractually specified IBOR risk component. In 
order for hedge accounting to be applied, both IFRS 9 and IAS 39 require the designated risk component to be separately identifiable 
and reliably measurable. Under the amendments, the risk component only needs to be separately identifiable at initial hedge 
designation and not on an ongoing basis. In the context of a macro hedge, where an entity frequently resets a hedging relationship, the 
relief applies from when a hedged item was initially designated within that hedging relationship. Any hedge ineffectiveness will continue 
to be recorded in profit or loss under both IAS 39 and IFRS 9. The amendments set out triggers for when the reliefs will end, which 
include the uncertainty arising from interest rate benchmark reform no longer being present. The amendments require entities to 
provide additional information to investors about their hedging relationships that are directly affected by these uncertainties, including 
the nominal amount of hedging instruments to which the reliefs are applied, any significant assumptions or judgements made in 
applying the reliefs, and qualitative disclosures about how the entity is impacted by IBOR reform and is managing the transition process. 
The Amendments had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions – Amendments to IFRS 16 
The amendments provided lessees (but not lessors) with relief in the form of an optional exemption from assessing whether a rent 
concession related to COVID-19 is a lease modification.  Lessees can elect to account for rent concessions in the same way as they 
would if they were not lease modifications. In many cases, this will result in accounting for the concession as a variable lease payment. 
The practical expedient only applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if all of 
the following conditions are met: the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the 
same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;  any reduction in lease payments affects only 
payments due on or before 30 June 2021; and there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.  If a lessee 
chooses to apply the practical expedient to a lease, it would apply the practical expedient consistently to all lease contracts with similar 
characteristics and in similar circumstances. The amendment is to be applied retrospectively in accordance with IAS 8, but lessees are 
not required to restate prior period figures or to provide the disclosure under paragraph 28(f) of IAS 8. The amendment had no impact 
on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
IFRSs issued but not yet effective 
Other new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2021, yet not applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements are presented below. The new accounting pronouncements 
have been endorsed by the European Union unless otherwise stated. 
F-68

--- Page 231 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Classification of liabilities as current or non-current – Amendments to IAS 1 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2023) 
These narrow scope amendments clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist 
at the end of the reporting period. Liabilities are non-current if the entity has a substantive right, at the end of the reporting period, to 
defer settlement for at least twelve months. The guidance no longer requires such a right to be unconditional. Management’s 
expectations whether they will subsequently exercise the right to defer settlement do not affect classification of liabilities. The right to 
defer only exists if the entity complies with any relevant conditions as of the end of the reporting period. A liability is classified as current 
if a condition is breached at or before the reporting date even if a waiver of that condition is obtained from the lender after the end of 
the reporting period. Conversely, a loan is classified as non-current if a loan covenant is breached only after the reporting date. In 
addition, the amendments include clarifying the classification requirements for debt a company might settle by converting it into equity. 
‘Settlement’ is defined as the extinguishment of a liability with cash, other resources embodying economic benefits or an entity’s own 
equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible instruments that might be converted into equity, but only for those instruments 
where the conversion option is classified as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument.  
The amendment to IAS 1 on classification of liabilities as current or non-current was issued in January 2020 with an original effective 
date 1 January 2022. However, in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the effective date was deferred by one year to provide 
companies with more time to implement classification changes resulting from the amended guidance. 
These Amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet evaluated the impact of the implementation of 
these Amendments.  
Proceeds before intended use, Onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract, Reference to the Conceptual Framework – narrow scope 
amendments to IAS 16, IAS 37 and IFRS 3, and Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 – amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and 
IAS 41 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022). 

The amendment to IAS 16 prohibits an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of PPE any proceeds received from
selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use.  The proceeds from selling such items,
together with the costs of producing them, are now recognised in profit or loss.  An entity will use IAS 2  to measure the cost
of those items. Cost will not include depreciation of the asset being tested because it is not ready for its intended use.  The
amendment to IAS 16 also clarifies that an entity is “testing whether the asset is functioning properly” when it assesses the
technical and physical performance of the asset.  The financial performance of the asset is not relevant to this assessment. An
asset might therefore be capable of operating as intended by management and subject to depreciation before it has achieved
the level of operating performance expected by management.

The amendment to IAS 37 clarifies the meaning of “costs to fulfil a contract”. The amendment explains that the direct cost of
fulfilling a contract comprises the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract; and an allocation of other costs that relate
directly to fulfilling.  The amendment also clarifies that, before a separate provision for an onerous contract is established, an
entity recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets used in fulfilling the contract, rather than on assets
dedicated to that contract.

IFRS 3 was amended to refer to the 2018 Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting, in order to determine what
constitutes an asset or a liability in a business combination. Prior to the amendment, IFRS 3 referred to the 2001 Conceptual
Framework for Financial Reporting.  In addition, a new exception in IFRS 3 was added for liabilities and contingent liabilities.
The exception specifies that, for some types of liabilities and contingent liabilities, an entity applying IFRS 3 should instead refer
to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, rather than the 2018 Conceptual Framework.  Without this new exception, an entity would have
recognised some liabilities in a business combination that it would not recognise under IAS 37. Therefore, immediately after
the acquisition, the entity would have had to derecognise such liabilities and recognise a gain that did not depict an economic
gain.  It was also clarified that the acquirer should not recognise contingent assets, as defined in IAS 37, at the acquisition
date.

The amendment to IFRS 9 addresses which fees should be included in the 10% test for derecognition of financial liabilities.
Costs or fees could be paid to either third parties or the lender. Under the amendment, costs or fees paid to third parties will
not be included in the 10% test.

Illustrative Example 13 that accompanies IFRS 16 was amended to remove the illustration of payments from the lessor relating
to leasehold improvements.  The reason for the amendment is to remove any potential confusion about the treatment of
lease incentives.
F-69

--- Page 232 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 

IFRS 1 allows an exemption if a subsidiary adopts IFRS at a later date than its parent.  The subsidiary can measure its assets and
liabilities at the carrying amounts that would be included in its parent’s consolidated financial statements, based on the
parent’s date of transition to IFRS, if no adjustments were made for consolidation procedures and for the effects of the
business combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary.  IFRS 1 was amended to allow entities that have taken this
IFRS 1 exemption to also measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported by the parent, based on the
parent’s date of transition to IFRS.  The amendment to IFRS 1 extends the above exemption to cumulative translation
differences, in order to reduce costs for first-time adopters. This amendment will also apply to associates and joint ventures
that have taken the same IFRS 1 exemption.
These Amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group has not yet evaluated the impact of the implementation of 
these Amendments.  
Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform – phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16  (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2021) 
The Phase 2 amendments address issues that arise from the implementation of the reforms, including the replacement of one 
benchmark with an alternative one.  The amendments cover the following areas:  

Accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform: For instruments to
which the amortised cost measurement applies, the amendments require entities, as a practical expedient, to account for a
change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform by updating the effective interest
rate using the guidance in paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS 9. As a result, no immediate gain or loss is recognised. This practical
expedient applies only to such a change and only to the extent it is necessary as a direct consequence of IBOR reform, and
the new basis is economically equivalent to the previous basis. Insurers applying the temporary exemption from IFRS 9 are
also required to apply the same practical expedient. IFRS 16 was also amended to require lessees to use a similar practical
expedient when accounting for lease modifications that change the basis for determining future lease payments as a result of
IBOR reform.

End date for Phase 1 relief for non contractually specified risk components in hedging relationships: The Phase 2 amendments
require an entity to prospectively cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs to a non-contractually specified risk component at the
earlier of when changes are made to the non-contractually specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is
discontinued. No end date was provided in the Phase 1 amendments for risk components.

Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting requirements: The Phase 2 amendments provide
some additional temporary reliefs from applying specific IAS 39 and IFRS 9 hedge accounting requirements to hedging
relationships directly affected by IBOR reform.

Additional IFRS 7 disclosures related to IBOR reform: The amendments require disclosure of: (i) how the entity is managing the
transition to alternative benchmark rates, its progress and the risks arising from the transition; (ii) quantitative information
about derivatives and non-derivatives that have yet to transition, disaggregated by significant interest rate benchmark; and (iii)
a description of any changes to the risk management strategy as a result of IBOR reform.
The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments on its financial statements. 
Other standards 
There are no other IFRSs, IAS amendments or IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material 
impact on the Group. 
The Group plans to adopt the above mentioned standards and interpretations on their effective dates provided they are endorsed by 
the EU. 
2.3. Consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company (its 
subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee 
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, 
the Group has:  
-
Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
-
Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
-
The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
F-70

--- Page 233 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. 
The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
from the effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. 
Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with those 
used by the Group. 
All material intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses and unrealised profit (loss) between Group companies are 
eliminated on consolidation. 
2.4. Business combinations 
The acquisition of subsidiaries, including entities under common control in cases when the transaction has substance from the 
perspective of the Group, is accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a 
subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests 
issued by the group. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition under 
IFRSs are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. 
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. 
2.5. Goodwill 
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the Group’s interest in the 
net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the subsidiary recognised at the date of acquisition. Bargain 
purchase gain is recognised in profit or loss on the acquisition moment. 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or their groups) expected to 
benefit from the synergies of the combination. Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment 
annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-
generating unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any 
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the 
unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period. 
On disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal. 
2.6. Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of assets to their residual values over their estimated useful 
lives, as follows: 
Buildings
5 – 30 years
Equipment and other assets
2 – 12 years
Vehicles
3 – 5 years
Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight–line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the improvement and 
the term of the lease. 
Properties in the course of construction for operations or for administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any recognised 
impairment loss. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for 
their intended use. 
F-71

--- Page 234 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Property, plant and equipment acquired under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as 
owned assets, or the lease term, if shorter. 
Land is not depreciated. 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. Depreciation of property, 
plant and equipment directly related to sales of goods and services is recognised in cost of sales and depreciation of other property, 
plant and equipment is recognised in operating expenses. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The 
carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the profit or loss during the 
financial period in which they are incurred. 
The gain or loss arising on the disposal of an asset is recognised in profit or loss. 
2.7. Investment properties 
Investment properties, store buildings and other commercial premises, are held for long-term rental yields and are not occupied by the 
Group. They are measured initially at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of assets to 
their residual values over their estimated useful lives of 10 – 30 years. Land is not depreciated. 
Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when 
they are permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition. The amount of 
consideration to be included in the gain or loss arising from the derecognition of investment property is determined in accordance with 
the requirements for determining the transaction price in IFRS 15.  
Transfers are made to (or from) investment property only when there is a change in use. 
2.8. Intangible assets with finite useful lives  
Intangible assets expected to provide economic benefits in future periods are valued at acquisition cost less subsequent accumulated 
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is calculated on the straight-line method to write off the cost of 
each asset over their estimated useful lives. 
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (trademarks, customer contracts) are recognised at fair value at the acquisition 
date. They have finite useful life and are carried at cost (being fair value if acquired in a business combination) less accumulated 
amortisation and impairment losses, if any.  
All amortisation of intangible assets is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as operating expenses unless it relates to 
operation of warehouses or retail outlets when it is recognised as cost of sales. The Group amortises intangible assets over the following 
periods: 
Software
2 - 5 years
Brands and trademarks 
5 - 15 years 
Customer contracts
15 years
Other intangible assets 
2 - 5 years 
F-72

--- Page 235 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.9. Impairment of non-financial assets (except for goodwill) 
At each financial year end, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any 
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is 
estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value 
less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there 
are largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating units). In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset. 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of 
the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss. 
Prior impairments of non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date. Where an 
impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its 
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognised immediately in profit or loss. 
2.10. Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of weighted average cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value represents the estimated 
selling price less all estimated costs to be incurred in selling. 
The cost of inventories is net of volume discounts and rebates received from suppliers during the reporting period but applicable to the 
inventories still held in stock. Logistics costs incurred for transportation of inventory between different locations of retail operators are 
accounted as cost of sales in the relevant accounting period. 
2.11. Financial instruments 
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of 
another entity.  
2.11.1. Financial assets 
Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive 
income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss. 
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the 
Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade and other receivables that do not contain a significant 
financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair 
value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade and other receivables that do 
not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price determined under IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers. Refer to the accounting policies in Note 2.15. 
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI 
test and is performed at an instrument level. 
F-73

--- Page 236 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. 
The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. 
Financial assets are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Regular purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date – the date on which the 
Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.   
Subsequent measurement 
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in the below categories: 
•
Financial assets at amortised cost,
•
Financial assets at fair value through OCI,
•
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
a) Financial assets at amortised cost
The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met: 
•
The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash
flows
and 
•
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to impairment. 
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired. 
The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost include trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and loans 
granted. 
b) Financial assets at fair value through OCI
Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated at fair value 
through OCI when they meet the definition of equity under IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The 
classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis. 
Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other income in the 
statement of comprehensive income when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such 
proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI. Equity instruments 
designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment assessment.  
The Group elected to classify irrevocably its non-listed equity investments under this category. 
c)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets designated upon initial 
recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are 
classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives are also 
classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not 
solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business 
model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair value through OCI, as described 
above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing so eliminates, or 
significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.  
F-74

--- Page 237 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair 
value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. 
This category includes derivative instruments and listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair 
value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when 
the right of payment has been established. 
Derecognition 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised 
(i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:  
•
The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired
or 
•
The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received
cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Group has
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it 
evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the 
transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The 
transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.  
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying 
amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.  
Impairment of financial assets 
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. 
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include 
cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms. 
For trade and other receivables the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. The Group does not track changes in credit 
risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision 
matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic 
environment. In addition, the Group reviews individual significant trade and other receivables and recognises individual loss allowances 
if needed.  
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are more than 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, 
the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely 
to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A 
financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.  
F-75

--- Page 238 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.11.2. Financial liabilities 
Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as follows: 
•
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
•
financial liabilities at amortised cost,
•
derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable 
transaction costs.  
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, borrowings including bank overdrafts and bonds, and derivative 
financial instruments. 
Subsequent measurement 
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below: 
a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon 
initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category 
also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge 
relationships as defined by IFRS 9 Financial instruments.  
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial date of recognition, 
and only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. The Group has not designated any financial liability as at fair value through profit or loss.  
b) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
After initial recognition financial liabilities at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains 
and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process.  
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of 
the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.  
This category generally applies to interest-bearing borrowings, including bank overdrafts and issued bonds, and trade and other 
payables. 
Derecognition 
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a 
new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.  
F-76

--- Page 239 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.11.3. Offsetting of financial instruments 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position when there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle 
the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the 
normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty. 
2.11.4 Reverse factoring arrangements (supply chain financing arrangements) 
Supply chain financing arrangement is a reverse factoring arrangement, where a financial institution agrees to pay amounts the Group 
owes to the suppliers and the Group agrees to pay the financial institution a date later than suppliers are paid. The Group presents 
liabilities that are part of a reverse factoring arrangement as part of trade and other payables only when those liabilities have a similar 
nature and function to trade and other payables. In assessing whether it is required to present such liabilities separately, the Group 
considers the amounts, nature and timing of those liabilities. The Group’s reverse factoring arrangements are presented within trade 
and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position. As the reverse factoring arrangements are closely related to 
operating activities of the Group, the Group presents cash outflows to settle the liability as arising from operating activities in its 
consolidated statement of cash flows.  
2.12. Borrowing costs 
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalized. All other borrowing costs are 
expensed in the period they occur. 
2.13. Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities 
The Group engages in derivative financial instruments transactions, such as forwards, to hedge purchase and sale price fluctuation risk, 
and interest rate swaps to hedge cash flows fluctuation risk of EURIBOR on the loans taken from banks, i. e. effectively switching the 
interest into a fixed rate.  
On the agreement date and subsequently derivative financial instruments are accounted for at fair value. Fair value is derived from 
quoted market prices for forwards (level 1) and using valuation models for interest rate swaps (level 2 and 3). The estimated fair values 
of these contracts are reported in the statement of financial position as assets for contracts having a positive fair value and liabilities for 
contracts with a negative fair value. Gain or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income. 
For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified into two categories: 
(a) fair value hedges which hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm
commitment; and
(b) cash flow hedges which hedge exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a
recognised asset or liability or a forecasted transaction.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes to 
apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.  
The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how 
the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of 
hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of 
the following effectiveness requirements:  
F-77

--- Page 240 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 

There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
•
The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic relationship;
•
The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged
item.
Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described below: 
Cash flow hedges 
The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income in the other reserves, 
while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The other reserves are adjusted to the lower of the cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.  
The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature of the underlying hedged 
transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity 
is removed from the separate component of equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or 
liability. This is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the period.  
For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss as a 
reclassification adjustment in the same period during which the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss.  
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer qualifies for 
hedge accounting. Any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity remains in equity until the forecasted 
transaction occurs. Where the hedged transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is 
transferred to the statement of comprehensive income (profit or loss). 
2.14. Provisions 
Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated. 
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate 
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision 
due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense. 
2.15. Revenue from contracts with customers 
a) Retail revenue
The Group recognises revenue from its retail customers as it satisfies its performance obligations at the point of check out in its retail 
stores. Revenue from online sales is recognised upon delivery of goods, i.e. upon transfer of control of goods to customer. Revenue 
from the sale of gift cards is recognised when the gift card is redeemed by the retail customer or expire, whichever event occurs earlier.  
The Group operates a loyalty programme, which allows customers to accumulate points when they purchase products in the Group’s 
retail stores and online. The points can be redeemed for payment of part of next purchase. A contract liability for the loyalty points is 
recognised at the time of the sale under contract liabilities in trade and other payables. Revenue is recognised at the earlier of when the 
points are redeemed or when they expire. For allocation of transaction price to the loyalty points see Note 3.1. 
F-78

--- Page 241 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
b) Commission income
For certain products and services, e.g. lottery tickets, prepaid telephone cards, collection of payments for utilities on behalf of utilities 
services providers from retail customers, etc., the Group acts as an agent and recognises commission income in its revenue when the 
related goods are sold in retail stores.  
c)
Wholesale revenue
The Group sells goods to franchisees and other retailers. Revenue is recognised when control of the sold goods has been transferred to 
the client in accordance with the terms of delivery. 
Contract assets 
A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the Group performs by 
transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is 
recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional on the acceptance of the goods and services by the customer. 
Trade receivables 
A receivable represents the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required 
before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial assets in Note 2.11.1. 
Contract liabilities 
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an 
amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to 
the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract. 
2.16. Cost of sales 
Cost of sales consists of cost of inventory, net of supplier discounts, and other costs attributable to sales of goods, including 
warehousing, logistics and retail operations.  
Cost of sales are reduced by slotting fees and advertising income earned in accordance with written agreements with suppliers that the 
Group will be paid for promotional activities, including various advertising and market development efforts in the retail stores. Cost of 
sales are also shown net of fines and penalties received from suppliers for, e.g. late delivery or poor quality of goods. See Note 3.1 for 
critical judgements applied. 
As at the year end supplier discounts are allocated to the carrying value of inventory based on the amount of inventory sold and 
remaining in inventory.  
The Group's cost of sales can be sub-divided into: the cost of goods sold (accounting for approximately 80.5 per cent of the total cost 
of sales for the year ended 31 December 2020; 2019: approximately 79.9 per cent), employee remuneration costs (accounting for 
approximately 10 per cent of the total cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2020; 2019: approximately 10.5 per cent) and other 
costs including expenses relating to logistics, utilities, depreciation and amortisation, repair and maintenance, etc (accounting for 
approximately 9.5 per cent of the total cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2020; 2019: approximately 9.6 per cent). 
F-79

--- Page 242 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.17. Income tax 
The income tax expense comprises of current tax expenses and changes in deferred tax. 
a) Current income tax
The current income tax expenses are based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit as reported in the statement 
of comprehensive income because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further 
excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The current income tax rate is calculated on the basis of tax laws enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date. The income tax rate for the Group companies in Lithuania comprises 15% (2019: 15%). The 
income tax for the Group companies, which operate in foreign countries, are calculated according to the laws of these foreign 
countries. 
The main corporate income tax rates that have been applied in calculation of current income tax in respective countries: 
2020 
2019 
Latvia* 
20/80 
20/80 
Estonia* 
20/80 (14/86 for regular profit distribution amount) 
20/80 (14/86 for regular profit distribution amount) 
Bulgaria 
10% 
10% 
Poland
19%
19%
* the taxation of income of subsidiaries operating in Latvia and Estonia is delayed till the moment of earnings distribution, i.e. till the
moment of payment of dividends.
b) Deferred income tax
Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements 
and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all 
taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise 
from the initial recognition of goodwill; deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability 
in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss. 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable 
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. 
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised. 
Deferred tax is charged or credited to the statement of comprehensive income, except when it relates to items charged or credited 
directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax 
liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax 
assets and liabilities on a net basis. 
As the object of taxation in Latvia and Estonia is dividends, not profit, there are no differences between the carrying amounts and tax 
bases of assets and liabilities which could give rise to deferred tax assets or liabilities. In the consolidated financial statements the Group 
makes provision for the taxes payable on the estimated dividend to be distributed in the foreseeable future from the retained earnings 
of Latvian and Estonian subsidiaries. 
F-80

--- Page 243 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2.18. Employee benefits 
a) Social security contributions
The Group pays social security contributions to the state Social Security Funds (hereinafter - the Fund) on behalf of its employees based 
on the defined contribution plans in accordance with the local legal requirements in respective countries. A defined contribution plan is 
a plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into the Fund and will have no legal or constructive obligations to pay further 
contributions if the Fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and 
prior periods. Social security contributions are recognised as expenses on an accrual basis in the statement of comprehensive income. 
b) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable whenever an employee’s employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, 
or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits 
when it is demonstrably committed to either: terminating the employment of current employees according to a detailed formal plan 
and agreements signed with employees without possibility of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made 
to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are 
discounted to their present value. 
c)
Bonus plans
The group recognises a liability and an expense for employee bonuses when the Group is contractually obliged in accordance with the 
employment agreements or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation. Long term liabilities are 
discounted.  
2.19. Leases 
The determination of whether a contract is (or contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the inception of the 
lease. The contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.  
2.19.1. The Group as a lessee 
As a lessee the Group recognises a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset, and a lease liability, 
representing its obligation to make lease payments. 
Right-of-use assets 
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease, i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use. 
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment, and adjusted for any remeasurement of 
lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Recognised right-of-use assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful life and the lease term. The right-of-use assets are subject 
to impairment, see Note 2.9. 
Lease liabilities 
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be 
made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable and variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or a rate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expense in 
the period when they occur. 
F-81

--- Page 244 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if 
the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is 
increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease 
liabilities is remeasured if there is a lease modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to 
future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of 
an option to purchase the underlying asset. 
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 
months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets 
recognition exemption to leases of office and other equipment that are considered of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
2.19.2. The Group as a lessor 
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as 
operating leases. Rental income are accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and are included in revenue in the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
2.19.3. Sublease 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. It assesses the 
classification of a sublease as a finance lease or an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. 
When subleases are classified as finance leases the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease that it transfers 
to the sublessee and presents the net investment in the sublease under non-current receivables and prepayments in the statement of 
financial position.  During the term of the sublease the Group recognises finance income on sublease based on pattern reflecting a 
constant period rate of return on the net investment in the lease.  
For subleases classified as operating lease, the Group recognises the lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term and 
includes them in revenue in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Modification to an operating lease is accounted for 
as a new lease from the effective date of the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original 
lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease. 
2.20. Government grants 
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached conditions will 
be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income on a 
systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Such grants are deducted 
in reporting related expenses. 
2.21. Foreign currencies 
a) Functional and presentation currency
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which 
the entity operates (its functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR, which is functional currency of 
the Company, and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements. 
b) Transactions and balances
In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency 
(foreign currencies) are recorded at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of those transactions.  
F-82

--- Page 245 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange 
rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. 
c)
Group companies
For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are 
expressed in EUR using exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date.  
Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly 
during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.  
All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 
Such translation differences are recognised as profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of. 
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
operation and translated at the closing exchange rate. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 
2.22. Contingencies 
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the financial statements. They are disclosed unless the possibility of an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits is remote.  
A contingent asset is not recognised in the financial statements but disclosed when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. 
2.23. Dividend distribution 
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in the 
period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.  
2.24. Related parties 
Parties are defined as related if one party empowers another party to exercise the control or significant influence over the other party in 
making financial and other decisions. Related parties are defined as shareholders, key management personnel, their close relatives and 
companies that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common control 
with, the Group companies. The party is also a related party if it is controlled or jointly controlled by a member of the key management 
personnel of the Company or of a parent of the Company or his/her close relative. The entity over which the controlling party of the 
Company or his close relatives have significant influence or are members of the key management personnel of that entity (or of a 
parent of that entity) is also considered to be related party. 
2.25. Subsequent events 
Subsequent events that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the statement of financial position date (adjusting 
events) are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Subsequent events that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes 
when material. 
2.26. Rounding 
Due to rounding the numbers in these consolidated financial statements may not sum up. 
F-83

--- Page 246 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
3.
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
3.1. Critical judgments in applying the accounting policy 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, which have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements: 
Critical judgements in allocation of transaction price to the loyalty programme points 
The Group operates a loyalty programme, which allows customers to accumulate points when they purchase products in the Group’s 
retail stores and online. The points can be redeemed for payment of part of next purchase. The points provide a material right to 
customers that they would not receive without entering into a contract. Therefore, in the management’s view, the promise to provide 
loyalty points to the customer is a separate performance obligation. The transaction price is allocated to the product and the loyalty 
points on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Management estimates the stand-alone selling price per point on the basis of the 
discount granted when the points are redeemed and on the basis of the likelihood of redemption, based on past experience. The 
stand-alone selling price of the product sold is estimated on the basis of the retail price. See Note 18 for contract liabilities as at the year 
end.  
Critical judgement in classifying income from various advertising and market development services 
The Group receives slotting fees for the product placements in stores and various advertising income from suppliers in cases when the 
retailer and the supplier have entered into written agreement that it will be paid for additional arrangement of the goods in the special 
places or for promotional activities, including various advertising and market development efforts. The product placement and 
advertising services cannot be sold separately from the supply of goods and the supplier would not obtain any rights or receive any 
benefit without selling products to the retailer. Therefore the Group concluded that such income should be recognised as a reduction of 
cost of sales. 
Significant judgement in determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options 
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to 
extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably 
certain not to be exercised. 
The Group has the option, under some of its leases (buildings and land), to lease the assets for additional term of five to thirty years. 
The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to extend the lease term. It considers 
all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal (e.g., lease term, geographical location of the store, 
leasehold improvements, etc). The Group included the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of buildings leased for retail 
operations where after considering a number of relevant factors the Group concluded that it is reasonably certain that the Group will 
exercise an extension option. Potential future cash flows that have not been included in the lease liability for extension options which 
realisation is not reasonably certain are disclosed in Note 6. 
After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is 
within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew.  
Distinction between properties held for own use and those held to earn rental income. 
Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals and another portion that is held for use in the retail operations or 
supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If one portion of the same property is used in the Group's activity, and other 
portion of the property is rented, leased portion of property is accounted for as investment property only if that property could be sold 
separately. If the property requires the separation before the portions can be sold separately, then those portions are not accounted for 
as separate portions until the separation is feasible, and are disclosed in property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of 
financial position.  See Note 7 for disclosures of investment properties.  
F-84

--- Page 247 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
3.2. Key sources of estimation uncertainty 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
The estimates and underlining assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the 
period in which the estimate is revised, as well as in the future periods if the revision affects future periods. 
The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are 
discussed below: 
Impairment of goodwill 
The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. Recoverable amounts for cash generating units are based on 
value in use, which is calculated from cash flow projections for five years using data from the Group’s internal forecasts as well as the 
terminal value estimate. The key assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding discount rates, growth rates used to 
extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period of five years, revenue and EBITDA growth. Management estimates discount rates 
using rates that reflect current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generating units. The 
discount rates ranged from 7.0 to 9.6 percent (2019: 6.4 – 7.9 percent) and terminal growth rate was from 1.0 to 1.5 percent (2019: 1.4 – 
1.9 percent). These discount rates are derived from the Group’s post-tax weighted average cost of capital as adjusted for the specific 
risks relating to each geographical region. Changes in revenue and costs, and, consequently, EBITDA, are based on historical trends and 
expectations of future developments in the markets the Group operates. The increase in discount rates by 0.5 percentage points and 
decrease in terminal growth rates by 0.5 percentage points would not result in goodwill impairment. Further information is disclosed in 
Note 9. 
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets 
Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are tested for impairment at cash generated units which in 
most cases are separate stores. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the 
higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on available data from 
binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for 
disposing of the asset. The value in use calculation is based on a discounted cash flow model. The cash flow model does not include 
restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset’s performance 
of the cash generating unit being tested. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash 
flow model as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.  
Recoverable amounts for cash-generating units are based on value in use, which is calculated from cash flow projections for five years 
using data from the Group’s latest internal forecasts as well as the terminal value estimate. The key assumptions for the value in use 
calculations are those regarding discount rates, growth rates and expected future cash inflows. The terminal growth rate is in line with 
average retail market growth trends. Management estimates discount rates using post-tax rates that reflect the current market 
assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generating units. Post-tax discount rates are used to discount 
post-tax estimated cash flows.  
The post-tax discount rates used to calculate value in use range from 7.0 to 9.6 percent (2019: 6.4 – 7.9 percent) and terminal growth 
rates range from 1.0 to 1.5 percent (2019: 1.4 to 1.9 percent) depending on the specific country conditions in which each store operates. 
Pre-tax discount rates were in the range from 8.3 to 11.8 percent (2019: 7.1 to 8.6 percent).  
Further information is disclosed in Notes 5, 6 and 8. 
F-85

--- Page 248 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Allowances for inventories 
The Group is estimating an allowance for slow-moving inventories.  For this estimation all goods are grouped according to their 
estimated time of selling. Inventories that were not sold in a period defined for that group of inventory are considered to become 
impaired. Full cost of estimated impaired inventory is included in the calculation of the allowance. 
The Group is estimating the allowance for shortages of goods in the shops and warehouses. The estimate is based on forecasted 
shortage between actual stock counts. The estimated amount is included in allowance for inventories. 
Contingent liabilities 
In the process of preparation of the annual financial statements the management evaluates available information on the status and 
potential outcome of pending litigations and other contingent liabilities (Note 30) and accordingly recognises necessary provisions and / 
or discloses in the consolidated financial statements.  
4.
Segment information
The Group’s Board is the Chief Operating Decision Maker in the Group. Segments are defined based on how the Board monitors 
operating results of the separate Group’s business units for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and 
performance assessment. The Group’s operations are organised and monitored by the Board by two segments, i.e. retail operations 
and real estate management. Retail operations are further examined by the Board from the geographical perspective.  
•
Retail segment consists of the Group’s retail operations in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Bulgaria and Poland and e-commerce
operations.
•
Real estate segment leases commercial premises to the customers within the Group and externally.
Segment performance is evaluated based on revenue, EBITDA and net profit. EBITDA is non-IFRS measure. EBITDA is calculated by 
adjusting net profit by income tax expenses, depreciation and amortisation, finance income and costs, impairment and write-off of 
property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and right-of-use assets, and profit from disposal of subsidiaries. 
The Board does not analyse assets and liabilities by segments. Accounting policies used for segments are the same as the accounting 
policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Inter-segment transactions are eliminated upon consolidation 
and are reflected in the “Consolidation adjustments” column in the segment information below. 
The Group restated segments information for the year ended 31 December 2019 by combining intra-group franchise, wholesale and 
agency services segment with other segments. Under other segments are now combined intra-group services such as IT, security, 
franchise, wholesale and agency of goods. Other segments include segments that are not reportable in accordance with IFRS. 
In column “Other” in the segment information below are included results of corporate headquarters and other intermediary holdings in 
the Group.  
F-86

--- Page 249 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2020 
Retail 
Lithuania 
Latvia 
Estonia 
Bulgaria 
Poland 
E-commerce
Total 
retail 
Revenue
1 689 164
878 069
502 947
182 758
974 874
30 434
4 258 245
incl. external customers 
1 675 935 
877 755 
502 793 
182 758 
973 473 
4 629 
4 217 342 
incl. inter-segment 
13 229 
314 
154 
-
1 401
25 805 
40 903 
Interest expenses 
12 853 
4 272 
2 640 
3 274 
12 272
266 
35 576 
EBITDA 
178 361 
78 018 
28 909 
11 834 
83 209
(2 868) 
377 463 
Depreciation and amortisation 
75 193 
33 894 
24 336 
9 521 
52 451
1 512 
196 907 
Net profit (loss) 
219 700 
31 305 
1 171 
1 394 
12 159
(8 873) 
256 856 
2020 
Total 
retail 
Real 
estate 
Other 
segments 
Total 
reported 
segments 
Other 
Consolidation 
adjustments 
Total 
Revenue 
4 258 245 
61 811 
224 142 
4 544 198 
4 059 
(322 653) 
4 225 603 
incl. external customers 
4 217 342 
5 155 
1 583 
4 224 080 
599 
924 
4 225 603 
incl. inter-segment 
40 903 
56 656 
222 559 
320 118 
3 459 
(323 577) 
- 
Interest expenses 
35 576 
2 692 
157 
38 425 
13 400 
(16 976) 
34 849 
EBITDA 
377 463 
57 158 
10 313 
444 934 
(3 339) 
(56 155) 
385 440 
Depreciation and amortisation 
196 907 
26 518 
2 768 
226 193 
610 
(61 734) 
165 069 
Net profit (loss) 
256 856 
24 628 
6 580 
288 064 
287 931 
(423 414) 
152 581 
F-87

--- Page 250 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2019 
(restated)
Retail 
Lithuania 
Latvia 
Estonia 
Bulgaria 
Poland 
E-
commerce 
Total 
retail 
Revenue 
1 709 683 
836 727 
486 292 
149 513 
886 655 
14 864 
4 083 735 
incl. external customers 
1 619 629 
836 463 
486 163 
149 513 
884 683 
2 682 
3 979 133 
incl. inter-segment
90 054
264
130
-
1 972
12 182
104 601
Interest expenses 
11 794 
3 297 
2 250 
2 147 
10 916
286 
30 690 
EBITDA 
142 488 
61 478 
22 398 
5 612 
55 370
(2 735) 
284 610 
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
66 215 
27 720 
21 883 
7 007 
49 858
1 732 
174 413 
Net profit (loss) 
83 641 
27 496 
(3 266) 
(4 719) 
(3 073)
(4 742) 
95 338 
2019 
(restated) 
Total 
retail 
Real 
estate 
Other 
segments 
Total 
reported 
segments 
Other 
Consolidati
on 
adjustments 
Total 
Revenue 
4 083 735 
60 951 
309 336 
4 454 022 
4 680 
(465 562) 
3 993 140 
incl. external customers 
3 979 133 
4 613 
7 153 
3 990 900 
934 
1 307 
3 993 140 
incl. inter-segment 
104 601 
56 338 
302 183 
463 122 
3 747 
(466 869) 
- 
Interest expenses 
30 690 
3 132 
63 
33 886 
13 243 
(14 685) 
32 444 
EBITDA
284 610
56 857
122 325
463 792
(4 336)
(126 037)
333 420
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
174 413 
25 409 
2 515 
202 337 
661 
(47 872) 
155 126 
Net profit (loss) 
95 338 
24 192 
101 219 
220 750 
195 842 
(287 457) 
129 135 
Segments’ net profit (loss) includes dividends received from directly controlled subsidiaries. During the year ended 31 December 2020 
dividends included in the Lithuania segment’s net profit (loss) amounted to EUR 142,612 thousand (2019: EUR 24,972 thousand) and in 
Estonia segment’s net profit (loss) amounted to EUR 1,025 thousand (2019: nil). 
At the end of 2019 intra-group franchise activities were terminated and related intellectual property was transferred from separate unit 
providing such services to retail operators. As a result of this change, during the year ended 31 December 2020 EBITDA of retail 
operators in the Baltics and Bulgaria increased as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 because no franchise fee was 
charged to them.  
In 2020 the Group performed structural changes of the ownership structure within the Group. Gains/losses of the related transactions 
are reflected in “Other” column in the segment information above.  
F-88

--- Page 251 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Company is domiciled in Lithuania. The amount of the Group’s revenue from external customers broken down by countries is 
shown below: 
2020 
2019 
Lithuania 
1 682 402 
1 624 142 
Latvia 
878 194 
836 617 
Estonia 
503 432 
486 694 
Bulgaria 
182 777 
149 513 
Poland 
978 799 
895 944 
Other 
- 
229 
4 225 603 
3 993 140 
Non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets, broken down by location of the assets, are shown below: 
2020 
2019 
Lithuania 
452 854 
461 417 
Latvia 
447 163 
439 343 
Estonia 
177 709 
191 054 
Bulgaria 
80 134 
80 002 
Poland 
501 182 
507 410 
Other 
- 
54 
1 659 042 
1 679 278 
F-89

--- Page 252 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
5.
Property, plant and equipment
Land and 
buildings 
Equipment 
and other 
assets 
Vehicles 
Construction in 
progress & 
prepayments 
Total 
Cost 
At 1 January 2019 
908 148 
375 249 
5 129 
17 755 
1 306 280 
Additions 
2 309 
62 301 
1 049 
65 591 
131 250 
Disposals and write-offs 
(5 822) 
(23 260) 
(691)
(2 676)
(32 448) 
Exchange differences
2 530
1 540
53
76
4 199
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(5 194) 
416 
(1)
(20)
(4 799) 
Reclassifications (to) right of use assets on adoption of IFRS 16
-
-
(3 217)
-
(3 217)
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(14)
(2 137)
(625)
(3)
(2 779)
Reclassifications
31 807
16 175
1
(47 982)
-
At 31 December 2019 
933 764 
430 284 
1 698 
32 740 
1 398 486 
Additions 
7 261 
42 762 
136 
38 697 
88 857 
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
25 
- 
- 
811 
836 
Disposals and write-offs 
(1 199) 
(11 413) 
(907)
(566)
(14 086) 
Exchange differences
(13 223)
(8 045)
(243)
(2 016)
(23 528)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(177)
(37)
497 
(200)
82
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
-
(2)
- 
- 
(2) 
Reclassifications 
26 843 
14 028
-
(40 871)
0 
At 31 December 2020 
953 293 
467 577 
1 181 
28 595 
1 450 645 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment 
At 1 January 2019 
444 986 
228 175 
1 050 
5 536 
679 746 
Depreciation 
16 461 
32 156 
810 
-
49 426
Impairment charge (reversal) 
(3 666) 
490 
-
41
(3 135)
Disposals and write-offs 
(1 506) 
(22 685) 
(507)
(311)
(25 009)
Exchange differences
130
591
29
-
750
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(701)
(93)
100 
-
(694)
Reclassifications (to) right of use assets on adoption of IFRS 16 
-
-
(1 588) 
-
(1 588)
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(8)
(1 346)
(353)
-
(1 708)
At 31 December 2019
455 695
237 288
(460)
5 266
697 789
Depreciation
21 065
35 351
563
-
56 980
Impairment charge (reversal) 
1 621 
776 
-
(52)
2 346
Disposals and write-offs 
(682)
(10 595)
(221)
-
(11 498)
Exchange differences 
(3 592) 
(4 826)
(151)
(503)
(9 072)
Reclassifications (to) from other assets
(13)
(4)
497
-
479
At 31 December 2020 
474 094 
257 990 
228 
4 711 
737 024 
Carrying amount 
At 31 December 2020 
479 198 
209 587 
953 
23 884 
713 622 
At 31 December 2019
478 070
192 996
2 158
27 474
700 698
In 2020, major part of depreciation of property, plant and equipment was accounted for as cost of sales – EUR 53,643 thousand (2019: 
EUR 47,964 thousand). Remaining part is accounted for as operating expenses.  
F-90

--- Page 253 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Pledged property, plant and equipment 
The Group has pledged property, plant and equipment with the total carrying value of EUR 320,642 thousand (2019: EUR 310,470 
thousand) to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
6.
Leases
The Group as a lessee 
The Group has lease contracts for land, buildings and vehicles used in its operations. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms 
between 2 and 40 years, while vehicles generally have lease terms between 1 and 10 years. Land is leased for a period between 1 and 90 
years. The Group’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Group is restricted 
from assigning the leased assets. There are lease contracts that include extension options, which are further discussed below. 
The Group also has certain leases of equipment with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of office and other equipment with low 
value. The Group applies the ‘short-term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases. 
Set out below is the carrying amount of right-of-use assets at the end of the reporting period: 
Land 
Buildings 
Vehicle 
Total 
At 31 December 2020 
13 313 
649 605 
11 883 
674 801 
At 31 December 2019 
13 196 
666 004 
12 258 
691 458 
Additions to the right-of-use assets during 2020 were EUR 100,589 thousand (2019: EUR 103,860 thousand). In 2020, the Group 
recognised impairment of right-of-use assets amounting to EUR 5,206 thousand (2019: EUR 3,418 thousand).  
The Group has pledged right-of-use assets with the total carrying value of EUR 3,548 thousand (2019: EUR 4,628 thousand) to secure 
banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets during the year is provided below: 
Land 
Buildings 
Vehicle 
Total 
2020
465
91 049
5 121
96 634
2019 
843 
88 393 
5 012 
94 249 
Interest expense on lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 21. In 2020 expenses relating to short-term leases, leases of low-value assets 
amounted to EUR 6,126 thousand (2019: EUR 5,909 thousand).  
Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the Group. These are used to 
maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. In addition, the Group has ability to re-
negotiate terms of lease contracts with the property owners which also contributes to the Group’s flexibility. As of 31 December 2020, 
potential future cash outflows of EUR 171,590 thousand (2019: EUR 178,730 thousand) have not been included in the lease liability 
because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).  
The Group as a lessor 
The Group leases and subleases retail and administrative premises to various tenants. These leases have terms between 1 and 28 years. 
Finance leases 
The Group recognises net investment in the lease for leases classified as finance leases. Interest income on the net investment in a lease 
are disclosed in Note 21.  
F-91

--- Page 254 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
A maturity analysis of the undiscounted lease payments receivable is provided below: 
2020
2019
In the first year 
2 861 
2 772 
In the second year 
2 433 
2 532 
In the third year 
2 068 
2 170 
In the fourth year 
1 596 
1 859 
In the fifth year 
1 431 
1 357 
After 5 years 
3 076 
3 693 
13 466 
14 382 
Unearned finance income 
(1 253) 
(1 306) 
Net investment in the lease 
12 212 
13 077 
Operating leases 
Rental income recognised by the Group during the year are disclosed in Note 19.  
Future minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows: 
2020 
2019 
Not later than 1 year 
25 938 
20 022 
Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years 
44 798 
34 276 
Later than 5 years 
22 425 
10 931 
93 161
65 229
7.
Investment properties
Land and buildings 
Cost 
At 1 January 2019 
14 062 
Exchange differences 
180 
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
5 325 
At 31 December 2019 
19 567 
Exchange differences 
(1 340) 
Reclassifications (to) from other assets 
(206) 
At 31 December 2020 
18 022 
Accumulated depreciation 
At 1 January 2019 
266 
Depreciation 
454 
Reclassifications (to) from other assets
477
At 31 December 2019 
1 197 
Depreciation 
549 
Exchange differences
(306)
At 31 December 2020 
1 440 
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2020 
16 581 
At 31 December 2019 
18 370 
F-92

--- Page 255 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
As of 31 December 2020, the fair value of investment properties amounted to EUR 19,361 thousand (2019: EUR 19,393 thousand). It was 
determined by independent valuators using discounted cash flow method (hierarchy level 3). Net operating income were estimated for 
a period of rent contracts signed and together with estimated terminal value discounted by applying 7 – 14.9 percent discount rates 
(2019: 7 – 14.9 percent). 
The Group has pledged investment property with the total carrying value of EUR 11,536 thousand (2019: EUR 13,459 thousand) to secure 
banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 17). 
8.
Intangible assets (except for goodwill)
Software 
Brands 
and 
trademarks 
Contracts 
with 
customers 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Total 
Cost 
At 1 January 2019 
11 478 
64 042 
26 627 
12 869 
115 016 
Additions 
2 495 
- 
- 
128 
2 624 
Disposals and write-offs 
(521)
(24)
-
(64)
(609) 
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22)
(1 013)
(175)
-
(533)
(1 722)
Exchange differences
188
(411)
(219)
576
134
Reclassifications 
(1)
-
- 
1 
- 
Reclassifications (to) right of use assets on adoption of IFRS 16 
-
- 
(24 829)
-
(24 829)
Reclassifications from (to) other assets
16
-
-
(7 101)
(7 085)
At 31 December 2019 
12 642 
63 432 
1 578 
5 877 
83 529 
Additions 
2 484 
- 
- 
270 
2 754 
Disposals and write-offs 
(400)
-
- 
(28)
(428)
Exchange differences 
(249)
(2 915)
(79)
(390)
(3 633)
Reclassifications
430
-
-
(430)
-
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
120 
- 
- 
263
383 
At 31 December 2020 
15 027 
60 516 
1 500 
5 563 
82 605 
Accumulated amortisation 
At 1 January 2019 
7 082 
7 181 
2 304 
4 411 
20 977 
Amortisation 
2 803 
7 761 
71 
361 
10 996 
Impairment charge (reversal) 
- 
- 
- 
217 
217 
Disposals and write-offs 
(385)
(8)
-
(19)
(412)
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(658)
(22)
-
(497)
(1 176) 
Exchange differences 
137 
(374)
(258)
(99)
(594)
Reclassifications (to) right of use assets on adoption of IFRS 16 
- 
- 
(2 206)
-
(2 206)
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
(1)
-
- 
(846)
(847)
At 31 December 2019 
8 978
14 539
(89)
3 527
26 956
Amortisation 
1 686
8 775
53
389
10 903
Impairment charge (reversal) 
- 
- 
- 
502 
502 
Disposals and write-offs 
(226)
-
- 
(68)
(294)
Exchange differences
(362)
(1 849)
240
127
(1 844)
Reclassifications 
270 
- 
- 
(270) 
- 
Reclassifications from (to) other assets 
3 
- 
- 
13 
16 
At 31 December 2020 
10 349 
21 465 
204 
4 220 
36 238 
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2020 
4 677 
39 052 
1 295 
1 343 
46 368 
At 31 December 2019 
3 664
48 893
1 668
2 350
56 574
F-93

--- Page 256 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Part of amortisation of intangible assets is accounted for as costs of sales – EUR 295 thousand in 2020 (2019: EUR 346 thousand). 
Remaining part is accounted for as operating expenses.  
Under the brands and trademarks the Group accounted for Stokrotka brand acquired in a business combination in 2018. Its carrying 
value amounted to EUR 28,314 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (2019: EUR 32,765 thousand) and it will be amortised over the 
remaining useful life of 12 years (2019: 13 years).  
9.
Goodwill
Cost 
At 1 January 2019 
212 967 
Exchange differences 
833 
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
10 
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(764) 
At 31 December 2019 
213 045 
Exchange differences 
(4 916) 
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
408 
At 31 December 2020
208 537
Impairment 
At 1 January 2019 
867 
At 31 December 2019 
867 
At 31 December 2020 
867 
Carrying amount 
At 31 December 2020
207 670
At 31 December 2019 
212 178 
For the purpose of impairment testing, the goodwill as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 was allocated to the below cash generating units 
which are also operating and reportable segments. Goodwill was allocated to cash generating units that are expected to benefit from 
the synergies of the business combination.  
2020
2019
Retail - Lithuania 
20 419 
21 347 
Retail - Latvia 
134 507 
134 836 
Retail - Estonia
12 342
12 756
Retail - Bulgaria 
153 
153 
Retail - Poland 
40 248 
43 085 
207 670 
212 178 
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill may be impaired. 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to groups of cash-generating units according to the level at which 
management monitors that goodwill. In 2020 and 2019 impairment tests did not result in additional goodwill impairment. 
10.
Non-current receivables and prepayments
2020 
2019 
Net investment in the lease (Note 6) 
9 547 
10 496 
Prepayments 
7 058 
6 541 
16 605 
17 038 
F-94

--- Page 257 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
11.
Deferred income tax
The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised by the Group, and the movements thereof, during the current 
and prior reporting periods (before offsetting): 
Accrued 
expenses
Contract 
liability
Tax losses
Impair-
ment of 
assets
Different 
rates of 
depreciation 
and 
amortisation
Other
Total
Deferred tax assets 
At 1 January 2019 
2 126 
512 
463 
1 288 
-
3 189
7 579 
(Charged) / credited to statement 
of comprehensive income 
(101)
94
597 
418 
4 789 
1 696
7 491 
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22)
(33)
-
-
-
-
(179)
(211)
Exchange differences 
6 
1 
11 
17 
(18)
(21)
(5) 
Other 
(4)
-
- 
(73)
393
(556)
(240)
At 31 December 2019 
1 994 
606 
1 070 
1 649 
5 164 
4 129 
14 614 
(Charged) / credited to statement 
of comprehensive income 
326 
(44)
52
381 
2 064 
1 187 
3 966 
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22) 
(13)
-
- 
- 
- 
- 
(13) 
Exchange differences 
(45)
(3)
(67)
(114)
(87)
(149)
(464) 
Other 
66 
-
1
70
990 
(789)
338
At 31 December 2020 
2 328 
559 
1 056 
1 986 
8 132 
4 379 
18 441 
Deferred tax liabilities 
Different 
rates of 
depreciation 
and 
amortisation 
Fair value 
adjustments 
Taxable 
temporary 
differences 
on 
investments 
in subsidiaries 
Total 
At 1 January 2019 
2 938 
19 553 
4 300 
26 792 
Charged (credited) to statement 
of comprehensive income 
2 901 
(2 616) 
(2 114) 
(1 829) 
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 22)
(54)
(86)
-
(141)
Exchange differences 
(13)
162
-
149
Other 
550 
-
- 
550
At 31 December 2019  
6 322 
17 012 
2 186 
25 521 
Charged (credited) to statement 
of comprehensive income 
4 719 
(2 295) 
(69)
2 356
Exchange differences 
(392)
(939)
-
(1 331)
Other 
204 
-
- 
204
At 31 December 2020
10 854
13 779
2 117
26 750
As of 31 December 2020 deferred tax assets to be realised within one year amounted to EUR 9,737 thousand and deferred tax liabilities 
to be settled within one year amounted to EUR 6,278 thousand.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset when there was a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and when they related to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intended to settle its current 
tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 
F-95

--- Page 258 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Taxable temporary differences on investments in subsidiaries 
As of 31 December 2020 the Group recognised deferred tax liability of EUR 2,117 thousand (2019: EUR 2,186 thousand) associated with 
investments in subsidiaries in Latvia and Estonia for the amounts that are planned to be distributed as dividends in the foreseeable 
future. Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised 
amounted to EUR 82,092 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (2019: EUR 46,964 thousand). 
Tax losses 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through 
future taxable profits is probable. As of 31 December 2020 the Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of EUR 1,391 
thousand (2019: EUR 3,843 thousand) in respect of tax losses amounting to EUR 9,107 thousand (2019: EUR 30,009 thousand) that can 
be carried forward against future taxable income. The expiry dates of tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised are 
provided below: 
2020 
2019 
Within 1 year 
-
2 370
Within 2 years 
4 
1 775 
Within 3 years 
228 
2 440 
Within 4 years 
3
16 068
Within 5 years 
389 
12 
Indefinitely 
8 483 
7 344 
Total 
9 107 
30 009 
12.
Inventories
2020
2019
Goods for resale 
318 248 
315 085 
Goods in transit 
12 903 
10 937 
Materials
6 985 
2 928 
338 136 
328 950 
The allowances for net realisable value of inventories, goods for resale, comprise EUR 13,235 thousand (2019: EUR 11,195 thousand). The 
change in allowance for inventory is accounted for in cost of sales. In 2020, increase in allowance amounting to EUR 2,040 thousand 
was included in cost of sales (2019: decrease of EUR 791 thousand).  
F-96

--- Page 259 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
13.
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets
2020 
2019 
Trade receivables 
11 646 
11 075 
Other receivables
43 361
47 056
Less: allowances for trade and other receivables 
(3 519) 
(3 718) 
Trade and other receivables, net 
51 487 
54 413 
Contract assets 
3 786 
3 804 
Short term loans granted 
70 
90 
55 344 
58 307 
Deferred charges  
5 202 
5 036 
Current year portion of net investment in the lease 
2 666 
2 581 
Prepayments 
2 379 
2 394 
Prepaid profit tax
353
1 377
VAT receivable 
3 060 
5 654 
Other prepaid taxes 
348 
1 386 
69 352 
76 734 
Other receivables mainly relate to receivables for sold property, plant and equipment and advertising and other services provided to 
the Group’s suppliers (see Note 2.16. for accounting policy).   
Contract assets are assets recognised for services performed to the Group’s customers before the end of the year, but for which 
invoices have not been issued at that date. After invoice is issued, which reflects the unconditional right to payment, contract assets are 
transferred to trade receivables.  
Trade receivables and other receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have payment terms of 21 to 41 days (2019: 21 to 41 
days). 
Movements of the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables and other receivables are as follows: 
2020 
2019 
At 1 January 
3 718 
3 044 
Impairment losses 
171 
990 
Write-off of impairment loss due to receivables write-off 
(370)
(187)
Disposal of subsidiary
-
(130)
At 31 December 
3 519 
3 718 
The amount of allowances for trade and other receivables expenses is recognised as operating expenses. 
14.
Cash and cash equivalents
2020
2019
Cash at bank 
144 126 
226 584 
Cash on hand and in transit 
39 397 
46 325 
183 523 
272 909 
Cash in transit is comprised of cash in the cash registers of the stores not yet collected for encashment and cash collected for 
encashment but not delivered to the bank yet, as well as cash transfers made at the year-end, which have not yet reached their 
destination before the year end. Cash in transit reaches the Group’s bank accounts in several days after the year end.  
F-97

--- Page 260 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
Cash in certain bank accounts and future cash inflows into these accounts amounting to EUR 48,451 thousand (2019: EUR 59,467 
thousand) were pledged to the banks as security for credit facilities granted (Note 17). 
In the consolidated statement of cash flows cash and cash equivalents, less overdrafts, comprise of the following: 
2020 
2019 
Cash and cash equivalents 
183 523 
272 909 
Bank overdrafts (Note 17) 
-
(11 350)
183 523 
261 559 
15.
Share capital and share premium
2020 
2019 
Number of shares (in thousands) 
3 514 699 
3 514 699 
Par value of one share 
0.29 
0.29 
Total share capital 
1 019 263 
1 019 263 
In 2020 and 2019 there were no changes in the Company’s share capital. 
Share premium 
Share premium was recognised for the difference between the proceeds received on share issue and par value of the shares issued. 
16.
Reserves
Legal reserve 
Legal reserve is a compulsory reserve under the Lithuanian legislation. Legal reserve is made up by transfers from retained earnings. 
The reserve should comprise 10% of the Company’s share capital and could be used to cover losses of the Company. Annual transfers 
of 5% of the Company’s net profit are compulsory until the reserve reaches 10% of the Company’s share capital. As of 31 December 
2020, legal reserve amounted to EUR 43,767 thousand (2019: EUR 36,163 thousand). 
Reverse acquisition reserve 
In 2007, in the course of the Group’s restructuring MAXIMA MGN, UAB, the newly incorporated subsidiary of the Company, acquired 
100 per cent of shares of MAXIMA LT, UAB from the Company’s sole shareholder at that time Uzdaroji Akcine Bendrove Vilniaus 
Prekyba (currently LEKSITA, UAB), for a total consideration of EUR 1,667,292 thousand. At the time of the transaction, i.e. before and 
after the restructuring, the ultimate parent of the Group was Uzdaroji Akcine Bendrove Vilniaus Prekyba (currently LEKSITA, UAB). The 
acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition, and for accounting purposes the legal subsidiary MAXIMA LT, UAB 
(identified as acquirer), has been deemed to have acquired the legal parent, MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB (identified as acquiree). The net 
assets of MAXIMA LT, UAB have been recognised at their pre-combination carrying amounts. No goodwill was recognised. The reverse 
acquisition reserve comprises principally of the pre-acquisition reserves of MAXIMA LT, UAB and its subsidiaries, elimination of the 
investment in MAXIMA LT, UAB and elimination of net assets of MAXIMA MGN, UAB. 
F-98

--- Page 261 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
17.
Borrowings (except for lease liabilities)
2020 
2019 
Non-current 
Bank loans
156 086
196 578
Bonds 
296 985 
295 938 
Other borrowings 
87 
101 
453 158 
492 616 
Current 
Bank loans 
39 339 
48 741 
Bank overdrafts 
- 
11 350 
Bonds 
2 909 
2 909 
Loans from related parties (Note 28) 
- 
41 056 
Other borrowings
8
8
42 256
104 065
495 414 
596 681 
On 13 September 2018 the Group issued EUR 300 million nominal value fixed 3.25% interest rate coupon bonds. Bonds are traded at 
Euronext Dublin (Ireland) and Nasdaq Vilnius (Lithuania) stock exchanges. Bonds will mature on 13 September 2023.  The fair value of 
bonds amounted to EUR 320,154 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (2019: EUR 318,816 thousand) 
The bank loans as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 are secured by cash in certain bank accounts (Note 14), property, plant and 
equipment (Note 5), right-of-use assets (Note 6) and investment property (Note 7).  
As of 31 December, the carrying amounts of the borrowings are denominated in the following currencies: 
2020
2019
EUR 
485 264 
580 800 
PLN 
10 151 
14 499 
BGN 
- 
1 382 
495 414 
596 681 
The weighted average effective interest rates as of 31 December were as follows: 
2020 
2019 
Bank loans
1.14%
1.05%
Bonds 
3.65% 
3.65% 
Other borrowings 
1.75% 
0.80% 
Total 
2.65% 
2.33% 
Non-current borrowings (except for lease liabilities) are repayable as follows: 
2020 
2019 
In the second year 
58 694
39 725
In the third to fifth years (inclusive) 
371 816 
419 528 
After five years 
22 648 
33 363 
453 158 
492 616 
For undiscounted contractual future cash outflows see Note 27.1. 
F-99

--- Page 262 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The undrawn borrowing facilities were as follows: 
2020 
2019 
Expiring within one year 
71 516 
64 907 
Expiring beyond one year 
50 434 
6 308 
121 949 
71 214 
In accordance with the Euro Medium Term Note Program issued for bonds and the agreements signed with banks the Group must 
comply with various covenants. As of 31 December 2020 and 2019 the Group complied with all of them. 
18.
Trade and other payables
2020 
2019 
Trade payables 
509 609 
555 577 
Liabilities under reverse factoring arrangement 
3 963 
- 
Other amounts payable for services, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
47 725 
58 302 
Accrued expenses
4 659
3 757
565 956
617 636
Remuneration, social security and other related taxes 
65 149 
63 414 
Payable taxes, other than corporate income tax 
28 721 
29 115 
Contract liabilities 
14 919 
12 663 
Advances received 
2 306 
3 386 
Other 
413 
- 
677 463 
726 214 
The Group is involved in a reverse factoring arrangement with a bank under which the bank agrees to pay amounts the Group owes to 
the Group’s suppliers and the Group agrees to pay the bank at a date later than suppliers are paid. Payables to the bank under reverse 
factoring arrangement amounted to EUR 3,963 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (2019: nil). Liabilities under reverse factoring 
arrangement have a similar nature and function to trade payables as they are part of the working capital used in the Group’s normal 
operating cycle.  
Contract liabilities represent the Group’s liability to customers to transfer goods or services for the loyalty points received and gift cards. 
In 2020, the Group recognised EUR 12,663 thousand revenue that was included in the contract liability balance as of 31 December 2019 
(2019: EUR 11,480 thousand). 
19.
Revenue
2020
2019
Revenue from contracts with customers 
 Retail revenue 
4 118 691 
3 883 807 
 Commission income 
9 352 
10 190 
 Wholesale revenue 
54 589 
51 247 
 Other 
14 039 
18 940 
4 196 672 
3 964 185 
Other income 
 Rental income 
28 932 
28 955 
28 932
28 955
4 225 603 
3 993 140 
F-100

--- Page 263 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
20.
Operating expenses
2020 
2019 
Employee remuneration and related taxes 
69 999 
69 891 
Long-term employee benefits 
655 
263 
Transportation services 
3 297 
2 938 
Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets impairment charge 
8 054 
502 
Depreciation and amortisation 
24 409 
19 516 
Advertising 
24 777 
24 490 
Rental expenses 
663 
999 
Utilities 
6 558 
5 453 
Taxes (except for income tax) 
5 202 
4 528 
Repair and maintenance  
5 907 
5 462 
Other 
18 149 
23 364 
167 670 
157 408 
21.
Finance costs, net
2020 
2019 
Finance costs: 
Interest expenses 
– Bank borrowings
(3 661) 
(4 163) 
– Bonds
(10 797) 
(10 757) 
– Lease
(20 120) 
(17 174) 
– Other borrowings
(271) 
(350) 
(34 849) 
(32 444) 
Other 
16 
(272) 
Net foreign exchange gain/(loss) 
(2 029) 
(259) 
(36 863)
(32 975)
Finance income: 
Interest income on net investment in the lease 
357 
371 
Other income
19
94
376 
465 
Finance costs, net 
(36 486) 
(32 510) 
22. Other gains (losses)
2020 
2019 
Profit (loss) from disposal of subsidiaries 
(50)
10 696
Profit (loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
(1 067) 
929
(1 117) 
11 625 
In 2020, the Group disposed of its wholly owned subsidiary Kametas, UAB (Lithuania). In 2019, the Group disposed of its wholly owned 
subsidiaries Infinite Sp.z.o.o. (Poland) and Infinite IT Solutions Sarl. (Romania).  
F-101

--- Page 264 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
23. Income tax expense
2020 
2019 
Current tax 
23 821 
35 336 
Deferred tax (Note 11) 
(1 610) 
(9 321) 
Income tax expense 
22 211 
26 015 
The total income tax charge can be reconciled to the accounting profit before tax as follows: 
2020 
2019 
Profit before income tax
174 792 
155 150 
Tax at domestic tax rate of 15% (2019: 15%) 
26 219 
23 272 
Income not subject to tax 
(936)
(1 184)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
1 719 
6 102 
Tax losses for which no deferred income tax was recognised 
13 
43 
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses 
(1 274) 
(131) 
Tax incentives (charity, etc)
(730)
(571)
Adjustments in respect of prior year 
17 
1 
Effect of different tax rates of foreign subsidiaries 
(2 847) 
(2 159) 
Other 
30 
641 
Income tax expense 
22 211 
26 015 
Effective income tax rate 
13% 
17% 
24. Government grants
In 2020, the Group received government grant in Poland amounting to EUR 10,832 thousand for the protection of jobs threatened by 
COVID-19 pandemic. The grant was received for co-financing of payroll costs of certain employees to certain extent. The grant was 
accounted for by reducing cost of sales. As of the end of the year, there were no unfulfilled conditions relating to the grant.  
25. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.  
Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (after adjusting for 
interest on the convertible preference shares) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into 
ordinary shares.  
The Company’s basic and diluted earnings per share are equal. Calculation of basic/diluted earnings per share is presented below: 
2020
2019
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (EUR thousand)
152 581
129 135
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands) 
3 514 699 
3 514 699 
Basic/diluted earnings per share (EUR/share) 
0,043 
0,037 
F-102

--- Page 265 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
26. Dividends per share
Dividends declared in 2020 and 2019 amounted to EUR 86,562 thousand (EUR 0.02 per share) and EUR 82,000 thousand (EUR 0.02 per 
share), respectively.  
27.
Financial risk management
27.1. Financial risk factors 
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk 
and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise 
potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. 
a)
Market risk
Foreign currency exchange risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures primarily with respect to USD due to purchasing 
of goods in foreign countries while income is mostly denominated in local currencies. The potential adverse effect from foreign 
exchange risk is substantially diminished, because the Group companies use foreign currency policies for the management of open 
currency exposure by currency acquisitions. In 2020 and 2019, the Group was using derivative financial instruments to be able to hedge 
its risks arising from foreign currency fluctuations (“forwards”).  
Carrying amounts of borrowings by currencies are disclosed in Note 17. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk as some of the 
Group’s borrowings are subject to floating interest rates related to EURIBOR. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair 
value interest rate risk.  
The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps or borrowing at fixed rates directly. 
Interest rate swaps have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Under the interest rate swaps, 
the Group agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals (primarily quarterly), the difference between fixed contract rates 
and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts. 
The Group’s borrowings with variable interest rates amounted to EUR 11,552 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (2019: EUR 83,236  
thousand) with repricing periods between 1 - 6 months (2019: 1 - 6 months).  The remaining borrowings are with fixed interest rates. Fair 
value of bonds is disclosed in Note 17, fair value of other borrowings approximates their carrying value. The Group estimates that the 
increase / decrease of variable interest rates by 50 basis points, applied to exposed amounts as of 31 December 2020 and with all other 
variables held constant, would result in an increase / decrease in interest expense of EUR 58 thousand and EUR 58 thousand, 
respectively (2019: EUR 128 thousand and EUR 18 thousand, respectively).  
b)
Credit risk
The Group’s credit risk arises from its trade and other receivable, contract assets, cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and loans 
granted. The management considers that the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk is reflected by the carrying amount of the 
financial assets at the reporting date.  
The credit risk of liquid funds (cash and cash equivalents, time and other deposits at banks) is limited because the counterparties are 
banks with investment credit ratings assigned by international credit-ratings agencies or subsidiaries of such banks. Sales to retail 
customers are settled in cash or using credit cards. The management does not expect any material losses from non-performance of the 
Group’s counterparties.  
F-103

--- Page 266 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Group monitors creditworthiness of debtors by using controls that include credit approvals, limits, prepayment requirements and 
other monitoring procedures. Each Group’s entity is responsible for managing and analysing credit risk for each if its new clients.  
The amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net of allowances for doubtful amounts estimated. An 
impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates 
are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, type of 
service, collateral received). Some of the Group’s accounts receivable are secured by pledged inventory and real estate and bank 
guarantees and insurance. The Group’s accounts receivable secured by collateral amounted to EUR 2,013 thousand as of 31 December 
2020 (2019: EUR 1,662 thousand). A loss allowance has not been recognised for the amount of accounts receivable covered by 
collateral. Collateral obtained by the Group has not affected the expected credit losses as of 31 December 2020 (2019: resulted in a 
decrease of EUR 9 thousand). COVID-19 pandemic did not have material effect on the ECLs and allowances for doubtful amounts 
receivable.  
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade and other receivables, contract assets and cash and 
cash equivalents using provision matrix: 
31 December 2020 
Current 
1-30 days
past due
31-90 days past
due 
>90 days past
due 
Total 
Expected credit loss rate
0.1%-1%
0.5%-8%
7%-50%
100%
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
non-related parties 
44 862 
5 119 
889 
3 697 
54 566 
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
related parties 
345 
48 
46 
2 
441 
Contract assets
3 724
62
-
-
3 786
Cash and cash equivalents 
183 523 
- 
- 
- 
183 523 
Expected credit loss 
(28)
(134)
(96)
(3 261)
(3 520) 
232 426 
5 096 
838 
438 
238 796 
31 December 2019 
Current 
1-30 days
past due
31-90 days past
due 
>90 days past
due 
Total 
Expected credit loss rate 
0.1%-1% 
0.5%-8% 
7%-50% 
100% 
Gross carrying amount-receivables from non-
related parties
42 496
6 298
1 009
3 415
53 219
Gross carrying amount-receivables from 
related parties 
4 696 
50 
164 
2 
4 913 
Contract assets 
3 377 
- 
- 
427 
3 804 
Cash and cash equivalents 
272 909 
- 
- 
- 
272 909 
Expected credit loss
(87)
(181)
(248)
(3 202)
(3 718)
323 391 
6 167 
925 
643 
331 126 
c)
Liquidity risk
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk due to different maturity profiles of receivables and payables. Major amount of operating cash is 
collected from retail customers, therefore the Group does not have significant amount of trade receivables while payables to suppliers 
outstanding as of 31 December 2020 had weighted average payment term of 43 days. 
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding. The management believes that the 
Group will have sufficient cash resources through earning cash from operating activities and utilising undrawn credit facilities from 
various banks (Note 17). In order to manage short term liquidity risks the Group targets to increase average credit portfolio maturity 
with longer term credit agreements. In March 2021, the Group completed commercial paper offering with 12 months maturity, the value 
of the transaction being EUR 40,000 thousand (Note 32). 
F-104

--- Page 267 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The following is the contractual maturity analysis of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities. The analysis is based on undiscounted 
cash flows, accounting the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Floating interest rates are estimated using the 
prevailing interest rates at the reporting date. 
2020 
Borrowings 
from banks and 
bonds
Lease 
liabilities
Borrowings from 
related and 
other 
companies
Other financial 
liabilities
Total
In the first year 
47 857 
110 334 
8 
565 960 
724 160 
In the second year 
66 908 
98 532 
8 
89 
165 537 
In the third year 
344 662 
95 981 
8 
252 
440 902 
In the fourth year 
26 371 
86 416 
8 
898 
113 693 
In the fifth year 
10 744 
77 352 
8 
296 
88 400 
After five years 
23 379 
353 520 
56 
10 
376 964 
519 921 
822 135 
96 
567 505 
1 909 656 
2019 
Borrowings 
from banks and 
bonds 
Lease 
liabilities 
Borrowings from 
related and 
other 
companies 
Other financial 
liabilities 
Total 
In the first year 
63 001 
105 927 
41 064 
617 932 
827 924 
In the second year 
39 717 
99 382 
8 
176 
139 283 
In the third year 
56 589 
93 522 
8 
368 
150 487 
In the fourth year
335 560
84 703
8
499
420 770
In the fifth year 
27 352 
74 211 
8 
331 
101 902 
After five years 
33 296 
361 490 
67 
496 
395 350 
555 515
819 235
41 165
619 802
2 035 717
27.2. Capital management 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern in order to provide 
returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. 
The capital management strategy aims to continually optimise its financial structure by maintaining an optimum balance between net 
debt and EBITDA also equity and total assets in order to minimise the cost of capital and maintain the Group’s credit rating at a level 
that allows it to access a wide range of financing sources and instruments. 
The Group’s equity is comprised of issued share capital, share premium, legal reserve, reverse acquisition reserve, foreign currency 
translation reserve and retained earnings attributable to equity holders. Management's focus is to ensure the Group companies have 
sufficient equity capital to comply with capital adequacy ratios, the minimum capital rules set by local legislation and meet covenants set 
in bank credit agreements and Euro Medium Term Note Programme Prospectus. 
27.3. Fair value of financial instruments 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or 
transfer the liability takes place either: 
­ 
in the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
­ 
in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
F-105

--- Page 268 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or 
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure 
fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs. 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized within the 
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
­ 
Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
­ 
Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable; 
­ 
Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable. 
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether 
transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. 
Valuations are performed by the Group’s management at each reporting date. For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of asset or liability and the level of the fair 
value hierarchy as explained above. 
The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: 
­ 
The carrying amount of current trade and other receivables, contract assets, current trade and other payables, short-term 
loans granted and current borrowings approximates their fair value (level 3).  
­ 
The fair value of non-current debt, except for bonds, is based on the quoted market price for the same or similar issues or on 
the current rates available for debt with the same maturity profile. The fair value of non-current borrowings with variable 
interest rates approximates their carrying amounts (level 3).  
­ 
The fair value of bonds is based on quoted market price (level 1) (Note 17). 
28.
Related party transactions
Relates parties below include the Group’s parent Uzdaroji Akcine Bendrove Vilniaus Prekyba and other related parties that are entities 
controlled by the Group’s ultimate controlling party. The ultimate controlling party of the Group is Mr. N. Numa. 
a)
Sales and purchases of goods and services and property, plant and equipment
The following transactions were carried out with related parties: 
2020 
2019 
Sales of goods and services: 
Sales of goods to other related parties
1 326
1 211
Sales of services to other related parties 
10 161 
8 092 
11 487 
9 303 
Sales of services to related parties include mostly rent services, commission income. 
F-106

--- Page 269 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
2020 
2019 
Purchases of goods and services: 
Purchases of goods from other related parties 
4 837 
5 187 
Purchases of services from parent company 
826 
973 
Purchases of services from other related parties 
18 109 
15 492 
23 772 
21 653 
Purchases of goods and services from related parties include mostly purchased goods for resale, consulting services, rental and utilities 
services.  
2020 
2019 
Sales of property, plant and equipment to:
Other related parties 
53 
5 506 
53 
5 506 
2020 
2019 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment from: 
Other related parties 
758 
676 
758 
676 
b)
Year-end balances arising from sales/purchases of goods/services
2020
2019
Non-current receivables and prepayments: 
Other related parties 
4 514 
4 630 
4 514 
4 630 
Non-current receivables and prepayments include net investment in the lease recognised for the sublease of premises to related 
parties.  
2020
2019
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and other short-term financial assets from: 
Trade and other receivables - other related parties 
441 
4 913 
Current year portion of net investment in the lease - other related parties 
1 543 
1 262 
1 983 
6 175 
2020 
2019 
Trade and other payables to:
Parent company 
82 
84 
Other related parties 
4 523 
5 981 
4 605
6 065
F-107

--- Page 270 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
c)
Borrowings
2020 
2019 
Non-current borrowings: 
Lease liabilities to other related parties 
91 364 
101 745 
91 364 
101 745 
2020
2019
Current borrowings: 
Loans from other related parties 
-
41 056
Lease liabilities to other related parties 
11 435 
11 421
11 435 
52 476 
d)
Finance income/costs
2020
2019
Interest expenses to:
Other related parties 
2 122 
2 261 
2 122 
2 261 
Loans borrowed from related parties are unsecured and their weighted average interest rate as of 31 December 2019 was 0.8%. 
2020 
2019 
Interest income from: 
Other related parties 
106 
94 
106 
94 
Interest income is earned on net investment in the lease to related parties. 
e)
Key management compensation
2020 
2019 
Salaries including related taxes 
1 259 
1 829 
Termination benefits
78
317
Payment of long term employee benefits 
-
2 088
(Release) of provision for long term employee benefits
-
(39)
29.
Cash flow information
29.1. Non-cash investing and financing activities 
Non-cash investing and financing activities in 2020 and 2019 are provided below: 
-
Additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities amounted to EUR 100,589 thousand (Note 6) (2019: EUR 103,860
thousand).
-
Lease liability remeasurements, including effect of foreign exchange rate changes, amounted to EUR 13,432 thousand (2019:
EUR 35,759 thousand).
F-108

--- Page 271 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
29.2. Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities 
The below table summarises changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both changes arising from cash flows and 
non-cash changes during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
2020 
Balance at 
31 
December 
2019 
Dividends 
declared 
Cash 
received 
Cash paid 
Increase in 
lease 
liabilities 
Interest 
expenses 
Interest 
paid 
Other 
Balance at 31 
December 
2020 
Borrowings, excl. 
bank overdrafts 
585 332 
- 
- 
(90 038) 
-
14 729 
(13 345) 
(1 263) 
495 415 
Lease liabilities 
687 894 
- 
- 
(106 327) 
87 157 
20 120 
- 
688 844 
Dividend payable 
-
86 562 
-
(86 562) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total liabilities 
arising from 
financing activities 
1 273 226 
86 562 
-
(282 927)
87 157 
34 849 
(13 345) 
(1 263) 
1 184 259 
2019
Balance at 
31 
December 
2018 
Recognised 
on adoption 
of IFRS16 
Dividends 
declared
Cash 
received 
Cash paid
Disposal of
subsidiary
Increase in
lease
liabilities
Interest
expenses
Interest 
paid
Other
Balance at 
31 
December 
2019
Borrowings, 
excl. bank 
overdrafts 
571 334
-
- 
72 355
(59 501)
-
-
15 270
(14 263)
137 
585 332
Lease 
liabilities 
1 954
632 273 
-
-
(102 448)
(713)
139 655
17 174
-
687 894
Dividend 
payable 
-
- 
82 000 
-
(82 000)
-
-
-
- 
-
Total 
liabilities 
arising from 
financing 
activities 
573 288
632 273 
82 000 
72 355
(243 949)
(713)
139 655
32 444
(14 263)
137 
1 273 226
30. Contingent liabilities
Court proceedings relating to collapse of store roof in Riga, Latvia 
As of the date of the approval of these consolidated financial statements, all legal proceedings in which Maxima Latvija SIA was involved 
as of 31 December 2019 relating to the collapse of parts of the roof of the trade centre "Maxima XX" located in Priedaines iela 20, Riga, 
Latvia, that occurred on 21 November 2013, with a claim amount of EUR 100 thousand were terminated due to the concluded 
settlement agreements of EUR 2 thousand.  
Separately, an employee of Maxima Latvija SIA (who was responsible for labour safety in the aforementioned store) was participating as 
defendant in a criminal case initiated based on breach of labour safety rules. Maxima Latvija SIA could theoretically be held liable in 
criminal proceedings if the court found that the employee (i) was guilty of alleged irregularities and (ii) the employee was acting in 
accordance with Maxima Latvija SIA instructions. According to official expert findings, the collapse was due to inadequate design and 
not due to employee violations, and therefore, in the view of Maxima Latvija SIA management, there were no causal relationship 
between the collapse of the roof and the alleged violations of the Maxima Latvija SIA employee. Decision of the court of first instance 
was delivered on 18 February 2020. The court acquitted the employee of Maxima Latvija SIA. Decision of the court was appealed. 
F-109

--- Page 272 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
The Group believes that liabilities relating to the above ongoing proceedings would not, individually or in the aggregate, require 
additional accruals or provisions to be recorded as of 31 December 2020. 
Corporate income tax case in Poland 
The Group is involved in an ongoing tax dispute with the Polish tax authorities relating to Emperia Holding Sp.z.o.o. (previously Emperia 
Holding S.A.) (“Emperia Holding”) corporate income tax liability for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2011. In 2010, Emperia Holding 
established P1 sp. z o.o. ("P1"), a 100 per cent owned subsidiary and, in 2011, it made an in-kind contribution to P1 of the shares of 
certain of its distribution company subsidiaries (the "Distribution Subsidiaries") (which was treated as tax neutral step by Emperia 
Holding). At the end of 2011, P1 disposed of its shares in the Distribution Subsidiaries to an entity outside the Emperia Holding group. 
In 2011, P1's share capital was reduced through the compulsory redemption of 13,200,000 shares with an aggregate nominal value of 
PLN 1,320,000,000 (the "P1 Redemption"). Emperia Holding received remuneration for the redemption of its P1 shares which was treated 
as tax exempt dividend-type income since Emperia Holding had held 100 percent of P1's shares for a period exceeding two years.  
On 25 January 2017, the Head of the Tax Audit Office in Lublin (the "authority of first instance") determined that Emperia Holding's 
corporate income tax liability for the 2011 fiscal year was PLN 142,463,805 greater (excluding default interest) than the amount disclosed 
in its CIT–8 return for the year (the "Shortfall"). The authority of first instance concluded that the P1 Redemption was voluntary rather 
than compulsory in nature and, therefore, the tax payable in connection with the P1 Redemption should be assessed accordingly. 
Emperia Holding disagreed with the findings and legal assessment by the authority of first instance and appealed to the authority of 
second instance (Dyrektor Izby Administracji Skarbowej w Warszawie) with a request to repeal the decision and discontinue 
proceedings, although the authority rejected such request and upheld the first instance findings on 8 August 2017. 
Emperia Holding has subsequently filed a complaint to the Administrative Court in Warsaw (Wojewódzki Sąd Administracyjny w 
Warszawie), requesting the annulment of both first and second instance decisions. On 17 July 2018 the court of first instance annulled 
the decision of the second instance tax authority. The court held that the case should ultimately be resolved by the tax authority of the 
second instance, however, such tax authority must take into account certain considerations espoused by the court during its ruling. On 
28 November 2018, the Director of the Tax Administration Chamber in Warsaw filed a cassation complaint with the Supreme 
Administrative Court. 
On 25 July 2019, the Supreme Administrative Court annulled the judgement of the Provincial Administrative Court and remitted the case 
for reconsideration to the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw which on 20 November 2019 adopted favourable judgement to 
Emperia Holding – annulled the tax decisions of both instances and discontinued the tax proceedings. 
On 19 February 2020 the Director of the Tax Chamber filed a cassation complaint to the Supreme Administrative Court. On 15 
December 2020, the Supreme Administrative Court issued a judgment annulling the judgment of the court of first instance (the 
Provincial Administrative Court) and referred the case back to that court. The case is currently pending before the Provincial 
Administrative Court which set a date of 22 April 2021 for the examination of this case. 
Whilst resolution of the matter is pending, Emperia Holding has provided the tax authorities with collateral securing the Shortfall, 
together with default interest, in the form of a bank guarantee up to a maximum of PLN 200 million. 
The management believes that the final outcome of the court will be beneficial to the Group, therefore no provision was formed in the 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020. 
F-110

--- Page 273 ---
MAXIMA GRUPĖ, UAB 
Entity code 301066547, Savanoriu av. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(All tabular amounts are in EUR thousands unless otherwise stated) 
31.
COVID-19
The Group’s results of the year ended 31 December 2020 were affected by COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s revenue growth was 
negatively impacted by the lockdown measures taken by the national governments to tackle COVID-19 pandemic in the second quarter 
of 2020, especially. On the other hand COVID-19 pandemic accelerated consumer shift to e-commerce and this resulted in increased 
Group’s revenue of online sales, however this only partially compensated negative impact on revenue from lockdown measures. 
During the year the Group incurred additional costs amounting to EUR 9 million relating to protection of health of the Group’s 
employees and customers and compensations to employees for the work in COVID-19 pandemic environment. Moreover, the Group 
provided temporary rent concessions to tenants that suffered from the lockdown resulting in the decrease of rent income. The 
government’s assistance of EUR 10.8 million was received in Poland for the protection of jobs threatened by COVID-19 pandemic (Note 
24). 
Overall during the COVID-19 pandemic the Group’s financial position remained stable, which implies that the Group’s business model is 
resilient to the negative economic cycles.  
As in 2021 the world is still exposed to the pandemic, the Group’s management monitors the situation and takes adaptive decisions to 
the changing environment. The Group’s priority to maintain a safe environment to its employees and customers remains unchanged. 
32.
Events after the reporting period
In March 2021, the Group completed commercial paper offering with 12 months maturity. The nominal value of the transaction 
amounted to EUR 40 million. The notes were placed at 0.618% yield. They are not listed and were subscribed by various institutional 
investors. The issued notes are unsecured and will be used for general short-term financing purposes of the Group.  
There have been no other significant events after the reporting period. 
F-111

--- Page 274 ---
10229025726-v20 
 
70-41032542 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Maxima Grupė, UAB 
Savanoriu av. 5 
LT-03116 Vilnius 
Lithuania 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Luminor bank AS  
Konstitucijos ave. 21a 
Vilnius 03601 
Lithuania 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
World Trade Centre, Tower H, 11th Floor  
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, PAYING 
AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch  
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
THE TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers UAB 
J. Jasinskio St. 16B 
Vilnius 
Lithuania 
LEGAL ADVISERS  
To the Issuer in respect of English law 
To the Issuer in respect of Lithuanian law 
Clifford Chance LLP  
10 Upper Bank Street  
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Ellex Valiūnas 
Jogailos St. 9 
LT-01116 Vilnius 
Lithuania

--- Page 275 ---
10229025726-v20 
 
70-41032542 
 
To the Dealers in respect of English law 
To the Dealers in respect of Lithuanian law 
Linklaters LLP  
One Silk Street  
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
TGS Baltic 
Konstitucijos Ave. 21A 
LT-08130 Vilnius 
Lithuania 
To the Trustee in respect of English law 
Linklaters LLP  
One Silk Street  
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom