--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
Dated 6 June 2024    
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, with registered office at 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg and duly registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number 
B112885) 
MB FUNDING LUX SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with 
registered office at 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  and duly 
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B209165) 
Issuance Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Certificates issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. and MB 
Funding Lux SA 
by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
Under the Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), each 
of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca"), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. ("Mediobanca International") and MB Funding Lux SA ("MBFL") (each an "Issuer" and together the 
"Issuers") may from time to time issue certificates ("Certificates"or the "Securities"), subject in each case to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives.  
The Securities may be either Secured Securities (which may only be issued by MBFL) or Unsecured Securities, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are Secured Securities, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in order to secure its obligations under the Securities, MBFL will grant to BNP Paribas Trust 
Corporation UK Limited, as security trustee (the “Security Trustee”) on behalf of holders of Secured Securities, 
security over certain collateral (the “Collateral Assets”), as well as its rights in respect of certain agreements 
that MBFL will enter into in relation to the Secured Securities. If the Securities are Unsecured Securities such 
security will not be granted. 
The payment of all amounts due and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations in respect of any 
Securities issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Mediobanca (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") under, respectively, a deed of guarantee and subject to the 
limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 6 June 2024 (the "Mediobanca International Deed of 
Guarantee") and a deed of guarantee and subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 
6 June 2024 (the "MBFL Deed of Guarantee"). 
An investment in Securities issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, 
see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 30. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Securities 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Securities which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") and/or  
which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. This Base Prospectus is valid 
for a period of twelve months from the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus comprises three base 
prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Securities issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may also be made for certain 
Securities issued under the Programme to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Application may also be made for certain Securities issued under the Programme to Euronext to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"). The regulated market of Euronext Paris 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Securities may also be admitted to trading (i) on the 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX"), (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. ("EuroTLX") and (iii) on the multilateral trading facility of Euronext Access Paris operated by Euronext 
Paris ("Euronext Access Paris"), being understood that the admission to trading on SeDeX, EuroTLX or 
Euronext Access Paris and/or any other multilateral trading facilities will not be done under the Prospectus 
Regulation passporting regime. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not application will be made 
for the Securities to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or Euronext Paris and/or SeDeX and/or EuroTLX and/or Euronext Access Paris.  
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) or multilateral trading facility(ies) as may be agreed between the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in "Plan of Distribution"). 
Unlisted Securities or Securities not admitted to trading on any trading venue may also be issued. This Base 
Prospectus comprises three base prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area member state (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). The language of the prospectus is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Notice of the aggregate notional amount of Securities (if applicable), remuneration (if any) payable in respect of 
Securities, issue price of Securities and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined below) of Securities will be set out in the final terms relating to the Securities (the 
"Final Terms") which will be delivered to the Central Bank and, with respect to Securities to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin and, with respect to Securities to be listed 
on any other or further Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the relevant Stock Exchange.  
The terms and conditions of the Securities to be issued under the Programme (see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities" below) (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions") will be completed by the Final Terms.  
The Final Terms may specify that (a) Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements apply to the Secured 
Securities or (b) Collateral Arrangements Only apply to the Secured Securities. In the case of the Charged 
Agreement/Collateral Arrangements, the Final Terms will specify details of the Charged Agreement(s) under 
which the MBFL and the specified Counterparty will have payment and/or delivery obligations from time to time 
and this may lead to adjustments to the Collateral Assets from time to time. The Charged Agreement(s) may 
comprise a Transfer Agreement and a Credit Support Document specified in the Final Terms. In the case of 
Collateral Arrangements Only, MBFL may have the right or obligation to adjust the Collateral Assets from time 
to time but there will be no Charged Agreement unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Securities issued by MBFL issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or, 
where the Securities issued by MBFL are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency).  
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. The Securities will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Securities will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain 
U.S. tax law requirements. 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be determined by reference 
to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR, the Bank of England for SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York for SOFR, the European Central Bank for €STR, SIX Swiss Exchange AG for SARON and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited ("ICE") for CMS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI has been authorised as a 
regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”) 
which forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal Act) 
2018 (the “UK BMR”) (together the “BMR”) and appears on (i) the public register of administrators 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 
of the EU BMR or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus 
SARON is provided by SIX Swiss Exchange AG and is endorsed for use in the European Union by SIX Financial 
Information Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIX Financial Information Nordic AB appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU BMR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE (as administrator of CMS), the Bank of England (as 
administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), and the European 
Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR. As far as the Issuers are aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU BMR apply, such that ICE (as administrator of CMS) is not 
currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). As far as the Issuer are aware, SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the 
scope of the EU BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may also be determined by 
reference to an index or a combination of indices (other than EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or CMS). 
Any such index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the BMR. If any such index does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in (i) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. Not every index will fall within the scope of the 
EU BMR or the UK BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU BMR or the UK BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant 
Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Arranger of the Programme 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mandated Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, 
to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this document 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the "Group" or the "Mediobanca Group"), the Securities, the Mediobanca International Deed of 
Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee which is material in the context of the issue and offering of the 
Securities, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the 
Mediobanca Group are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and 
intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Mediobanca 
Group are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on 
reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Mediobanca 
Group, the Securities or the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee the 
omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of Securities, make any statement in this Base 
Prospectus misleading in any material respect, and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuers 
and the Guarantor to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue, offer or sale of Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any 
offering or sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no change in the affairs of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this document has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been 
most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Purchases of Securities may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer 
may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer.  
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Mandated Dealer (as defined in this 
Base Prospectus) in connection with the issue of Securities for the purpose of the distribution of the Securities to 
prospective investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer(s) may appoint one or

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or procure subscribers for all or part of the Securities of the 
relevant Series. See the section on "Plan of Distribution" in this Base Prospectus for further details. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly including to the public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of Securities in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its 
contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Securities in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy) and other jurisdictions, see "Plan 
of Distribution". 
The Dealers and EY S.p.A and EY Luxembourg, as auditors to, respectively, Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
makes any representation express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any financial statements should subscribe or purchase any Securities. 
Each potential investor should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Securities should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of 
the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor during

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in the Securities of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
By investing in the Securities each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to invest in 
the Securities and as to whether the investment in the Securities is appropriate or proper for it based upon 
its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the relevant Issuer or the Dealers as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to invest in the Securities, it being understood that information and explanations related 
to the terms and conditions of the Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a 
recommendation to invest in the Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the relevant 
Issuer or the Dealers shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the 
investment in the Securities. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own 
behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and conditions 
and the risks of the investment in the Securities. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of 
the investment in the Securities. 
(c)  
Status of Parties. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Dealers is acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it in 
respect of the investment in the Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, 
may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
***** 
Securities may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Securities of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities, as the case may be, of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of remuneration and aggregate notional 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms, the form of which is set out in "Form of Final Terms" below. 
PRIIPs/ IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EEA MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate and may also 
include information on the product approval process. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
such Securities (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Distibutor subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Distibutors nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Security will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Distibutor subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Distibutors nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to "$", "U.S.$", 
"USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; references to "CHF" and 
"Swiss Francs"  are to the lawful currency of Switzerland; references to "Euro" are to the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended; references to "£" are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom; and references to "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHERE THERE IS 
NO EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION TO PUBLISH 
A PROSPECTUS 
Public Offers of Securities in the European Economic Area or in the UK 
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as a "Public Offer". Subject as provided below, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis 
that permits Public Offers of Securities in Member States of the European Economic Area. Any person making or 
intending to make a Public Offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
"Relevant Member State") may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such 
offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Public Offer 
of such Securities. 
Securities issued by MBFL issued under the Programme will not be offered by way of a Public Offer. 
The Issuers have requested the Central Bank to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent 
authorities of Luxembourg, France and Republic of Italy (the "Host Member States"). Even though the Issuers 
have elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus into the Host Member States, it does not mean that it 
will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for 
any issue of Securities to see whether the Issuer has elected to make a public offer of Securities in either the 
Republic of Ireland or a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction").  
Each Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to 
herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any 
Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom that Issuer has given its consent to use this Base 
Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for 
which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, 
all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, the Issuers do not have any responsibility for any of the 
actions of an Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such 
offer. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) and has not 
been prepared on a basis that permits a Public Offer (within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the 
UK. The expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for 
the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described in 
either sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under "Specific Consent 
and General Consent" below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Securities; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under "Common Conditions to Consent", each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Securities in any 
Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent:

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, including under any applicable implementing 
measure in each relevant jurisdiction ("MiFID II"); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Securities] (the 
"Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published by [ISSUER] (the 
"Issuer") [and [GUARANTOR] (the "Guarantor"]. 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Securities in [insert name(s) of 
relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms 
(as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer [and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are 
authorised under MiFID II to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer 
accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Base 
Prospectus." 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Securities 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation 
to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR SUBSCRIBE OR ACQUIRING OR SUBSCRIBING ANY 
SECURITIES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS 
AND SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR 
WILL BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR 
AND THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF 
SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH FINANCIAL 
INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME .................................................... 18 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 30 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 125 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ....................................................................... 128 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY AND COLLATERAL ASSETS ............................................. 129 
FORMS OF THE SECURITIES .......................................................................................................... 131 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................................................... 136 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS ................ 273 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES .................... 518 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES .................... 536 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES ........................... 556 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES ...................... 577 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY SECURITIES ........ 588 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX SECURITIES
 .............................................................................................................................................................. 600 
ANNEX 8 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY SECURITIES ........... 609 
ANNEX 9 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES ...................... 623 
ANNEX 10 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES SECURITIES ............. 640 
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
SECURITIES ....................................................................................................................................... 646 
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT SECURITIES ................ 662 
ANNEX 13 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED SECURITIES ............ 768 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES ............................................. 779 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .......................... 870 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 873 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ................. 874

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A.
 .............................................................................................................................................................. 899 
REGULATORY ASPECTS ................................................................................................................. 900 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ...................... 921 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 924 
INFORMATION ON MB FUNDING LUX SA .................................................................................. 925 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ................................................................................................................. 928 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ............................................... 938 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 941 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................1106 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................1133

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
This page has been left blank intentionally

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Document and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in "Terms and Conditions") of Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms. Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions, any of the following (including, without limitation, 
the type of Securities which may be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions 
defined in "Form of the Securities" and "Terms and Conditions" shall have the same meaning in this overview: 
 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A. and MB Funding Lux SA. 
Mediobanca 
- 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a medium-term 
credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956 Mediobanca's shares were 
admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since then its business has 
expanded both nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies' Registry of the Chamber 
of Commerce of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi, Italy under registration 
number 00714490158. Mediobanca's registered office is at Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy, telephone number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking licence from the Bank of Italy 
authorising it to carry on all permitted types of banking activities in 
Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of Italy, 
carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and related activities 
throughout Italy. 
 
As at  the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
444,515,142,5, represented by 849,948,824 registered shares. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the ordinary 
and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of public limited liability 
company (société anonyme) incorporated under Luxembourg law and 
registered office in Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005 the 
Luxembourg Minister of the Treasury and the Budget, on the 
recommendation of the CSSF, granted Mediobanca International a 
full banking licence pursuant to which its operations include raising

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
funds in the international markets and lending, consistent with 
Mediobanca International's articles of association approved by the 
shareholders in the general meeting held on 21 December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered with the Luxembourg trade 
and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under registration number B 112885. Mediobanca 
International’s registered office is at 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca International’s issued and 
authorised fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 represented 
by 1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is responsible 
for setting authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, 
defining the system of internal control and reviewing it on a regular 
basis, and approving the bank's accounts and interim statements. Day-
to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers. 
MB Funding Lux SA 
MBFL was incorporated on 13 September 2016 under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) and was originally subject as an unregulated 
securitisation company (société de titrisation non-agréée) to the 
provisions of the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the Securitisation Act 2004). Further to 
an amendment of the articles of incorporation of MBFL on 24 April 
2017, MBFL is no longer subject as an unregulated securitisation 
company (société de titrisation non-agréée) to the provisions of the 
Securitisation Act 2004. MBFL has been incorporated for an 
unlimited duration and is registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B209165. MBFL has been established as 
a special purpose vehicle to offer securities. 
The registered office of MBFL is at 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, 
L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The telephone 
number of MBFL is +352 264 491 and the fax number of MBFL is 
+352 264 49167. 
 
At the date hereof, the share capital of MBFL is EUR 831,000 
divided into 831,000 Ordinary Shares having a nominal value of EUR 
1.0 each (the MBFL Shares) all (100%) of which are fully paid up.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
All issued MBFL Shares are held by Mediobanca. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (with respect to 
Securities issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
and by MB Funding Lux SA) 
Description: 
Issuance Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealer: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.  
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time appoint additional dealers 
under the Programme or terminate their appointment either in respect 
of a single Tranche or in respect of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch will act as Fiscal Agent in 
respect of the Securities except for Securities in dematerialised form 
deposited directly with Euronext Securities Milan (also known as 
Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli") and CREST Dematerialised 
Securities. 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as Italian 
Paying Agent with respect to Securities in dematerialised form which 
are deposited directly with Monte Titoli (which role will include the 
role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Securities). 
Security Trustee (Secured Securities 
only): 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited. 
Custodian (Secured Securities only): 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, or any other Custodian as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Custodian will be 
appointed pursuant to the terms of a Custody Agreement. 
Account Bank (Secured Securities 
only): 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, or any other Account Bank as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Account Bank will be 
appointed pursuant to the terms of an Account Bank Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency or currencies as 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and the relevant 
Dealer so agree. The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Certificates in 
respect of which the Cash Settlement Amount and or the 
Remuneration Amount(s) may be payable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in one or more Settlement Currency (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which may be different from

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
the Issue Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Method of Issue: 
The Securities may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Securities will be issued in one or more Series (which may 
be issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Securities may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Further Securities may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Securities issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (ii) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
References in this General Description of the Issuance Programme to 
the Final Terms shall, where applicable, be read as references to the 
Drawdown Prospectus relating to the Securities, as the case may be. 
Form of Securities: 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each issue of 
Securities will on issue date be represented either by a Temporary 
Global Security or a Permanent Global Security as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Temporary Global Security will be 
exchangeable either, in accordance with its terms, for a Permanent 
Global Security or for Definitive Securities. The Permanent Global 
Security will be exchangeable in limited circumstances for Definitive 
Securities. Each Temporary Global Security and each Permanent 
Global Security will be held by a common depository on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli. 
If the Securities are issued and held in dematerialised form, the 
Securities will not be represented by paper certificates and the 
transfer and exchange of Securities will take place exclusively 
through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli or 
any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuers. 
Accordingly, all Securities of the same tranche shall be held by their 
owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised 
Custodian. The intermediary will in turn hold the Securities with the 
Centralised Custodian. In such circumstances, it will not be possible 
for a Securityholder to obtain physical delivery of Securities

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
certificates representing the Securities. 
 
Securities that are CREST Dematerialised Securities will be issued 
only in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended, modified or 
re-enacted and such other regulations made under Sections 783, 
784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to 
the Euroclear Registrar). CREST Dematerialised Securities are 
participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations and will not be issued in definitive form. 
Type of Securities: 
The Issuer may issue Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI 
Securities, Currency Securities, Debt Securities, Commodity 
Securities, Fund Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Futures 
Securities, Underlying Interest Rate Securities and Credit Securities;  
The Certificates may also be Dual Currency Certificates. 
The Securities may also be Hybrid Securities where the Underlying 
Reference may be any combination of such indices (or index futures 
or options contracts), shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, 
debt instruments (or debt futures or options contracts), commodities, 
inflation indices, currencies (or currency futures contracts), funds, 
futures contracts, underlying interest rates or other asset classes or 
type. 
Certificates may pay remuneration, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities: 
Securities: the applicable terms of the Securities will comprise: 
• 
the "General Security Conditions", commencing on page 136 of 
this Base Prospectus;  
• 
where the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying 
Reference, the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying 
Reference(s) set out in the "Additional Terms and Conditions" 
relating to the relevant Underlying Reference(s), commencing 
on page 518 of this Base Prospectus and ending on page 778, 
which are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
• 
the "remuneration" terms (if any) of the Certificates set forth in 
the General Security Condition 22 (Remuneration) and Annex 1

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
(Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulas), of this 
Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Certificates set forth in the 
General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement), 
17.6 (Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1) and Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulas), which 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the "payout" terms of the Certificates set forth in General 
Security Condition 17.2 (Cash Settlement), 17.3 (Physical 
Settlement) and Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
Relating to Formulas) of this Base Prospectus, which are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the terms relating to Credit Securities set forth in "Credit 
Security Conditions", commencing on page 662 of this Base 
Prospectus and Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities) of this Base Prospectus, which are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
the terms relating to Secured Securities set forth in "Secured 
Security Conditions", commencing on page 768 of this Base 
Prospectus and Annex 13 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Secured Securities) of this Base Prospectus, which are specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms of a Series of Securities are comprised of (i) the 
General Security Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the 
relevant Underlying References, (iii) the Credit Security 
Conditions (in case of Credit Securities), (iv) the Secured 
Security Conditions (in case of Secured Securities) and (iv) if 
selected in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Payouts, 
Remuneration Rates, Automatic Early Settlement Payouts, Call 
Payouts and Put Payouts and Entitlements in respect of the 
Certificates selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the 
"Formulas Conditions") specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the related variables specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Terms.  
  
Secured Securities and Unsecured 
Securities 
The Securities may be either Secured Securities or Unsecured 
Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unsecured 
Securities will not have the benefit of any Security Interest. For 
further information on Secured Securities, see Secured Securities 
Characteristics below. 
Status of the Securities: 
Unsecured Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law (also subject to the bail-in instruments as 
implemented under Italian law, in case of Securities issued by 
Mediobanca, or Luxemburg law, in case of Securities issued by 
Mediobanca International)) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations other than subordinated obligations, if any of the relevant 
Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Secured Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and secured obligations of MBFL and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without prejudice among themselves and (subject as 
aforesaid and save for exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of MBFL from time to 
time outstanding. 
Guarantees: 
Under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the 
MBFL Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the terms and 
subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees payment of all amounts due and the 
performance of any non-cash delivery obligations in respect of 
Securities issued, respectively by Mediobanca International and 
MBFL. Pursuant to the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee 
and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right to 
elect not to deliver or procure the delivery of any entitlement to 
holders of Securities, but in lieu thereof to pay a cash amount. See 
also General Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantees) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
Status of the Guarantees: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Mediobanca 
International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee 
constitute – in accordance with the terms and subject to the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
limitations thereof – direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will rank at all times at 
least pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor (save for certain 
mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to the application 
of the bail-in legislation applicable to the Guarantor). See also 
General Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantees) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities. In particular, pursuant to the 
Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, to the extent the Guarantor is incorporated in the Republic 
of Italy and to the extent under the applicable law in force at the 
relevant time a cap to the maximum amount to be guaranteed is 
required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to an amount which is 
the aggregate of 110 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of 
any Tranche of the Securities (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and 110 per cent. of the remuneration on 
such Securities due but not paid as at any date on which the 
Guarantor's liability falls to be determined. In addition, pursuant to 
the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL 
Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has also undertaken to issue an 
additional guarantee in an amount equal to any liability exceeding the 
maximum amount mentioned above in relation to any Tranche. 
Taxation in respect of Securities: 
All payments in respect of Securities shall be made subject to any 
such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required 
to be made, paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount 
shall be payable to any relevant Securityholder in respect of any such 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment. 
Governing Law: 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to 
the Securities, the Securities and, save as described below, all related 
contractual documentation and any contractual or non-contractual 
obligations arising from or connected with the Securities (or such 
related contractual documentation) will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for the status 
provisions applicable to the Securities and the contractual recognition 
of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such provisions, which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if the 
Securities are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law (if the 
Securities are issued by Mediobanca International), as applicable. If

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the 
Securities, the Securities will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law, save, in case Securities are issued by 
Mediobanca International, for the status provisions applicable to the 
Securities and the contractual recognition of bail-in powers 
provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions, which shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law. Articles 470-1 to 
470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, are not applicable to the Securities. 
In relation to Secured Securities, the Custody Agreement and the 
Account Bank Agreement are governed by Luxembourg law. Any 
Additional Charging Document may be governed by a law other than 
English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document as a Base 
Prospectus. Application has also been made for Securities issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin.  
Application may also be made for certain Securities  issued under the 
Programme to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Application may also be made for certain Securities issued under the 
Programme to Euronext to be listed and/or admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"). The regulated market of 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Securities may also be admitted to trading (i) on the multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX"), (ii) 
on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX") and (iii) on the multilateral trading 
facility of Euronext Access Paris operated by Euronext Paris 
("Euronext Access Paris"). The applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether or not application will be made for the Securities to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Paris and/or SeDeX 
and/or EuroTLX and/or Euronext Access Paris.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to 
trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) or multilateral trading facility(ies) as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in "Plan of 
Distribution"). Unlisted Securities or Securities not admitted to 
trading on any trading venue may also be issued.  
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to 
the competent authority of another European Economic Area member 
state (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of 
approval pursuant to Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate").  
Notice of the aggregate notional amount of Securities (if applicable), 
remuneration (if any) payable in respect of Securities, issue price of 
Securities and any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Securities 
will be set out in the final terms relating to the Securities (the "Final 
Terms") which will be delivered to the Central Bank and, with 
respect to Securities to be listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin and, with respect to 
Securities to be listed on any other or further Stock Exchange, will be 
delivered to the relevant Stock Exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets and/or trading venue. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Plan of Distribution". 
Secured Securities Characteristics 
 
Security (Secured Securities only): 
MBFL will grant to the Security Trustee the following security to 
secure its obligations under the Secured Securities and the Charged 
Agreement(s) in each case, save to the extent the relevant asset or 
right is charged under an Additional Charging Document: 
 
a) 
A first fixed charge over and a first ranking assignment by way 
of security of all of MBFL's rights, title and/or interests (the 
Issuer's Rights) in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and 
 
b) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of MBFL's 
Rights under each Charged Agreement(s), each Additional

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Charged Agreement and the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement in respect of such Securities. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify (i) the Charged 
Agreement(s), being a Transfer Agreement entered into together, if 
applicable, with a Credit Support Document (ii) any Additional 
Charged Agreement, and (iii) whether any other security interest will 
be created under the Security Trust Deed and/or under an Additional 
Charging Document. 
Charged 
Agreement(s) 
(Secured 
Securities only): 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as 
applying in the Final Terms then the Charged Agreement(s) in respect 
of each Series of Secured Securities will be a transfer agreement 
entered into between MBFL and the Counterparty and, if applicable, 
the Credit Support Document, each as described below. The purpose 
of the transfer agreement may be to allow MBFL to perform its 
scheduled obligations under the Secured Securities and in order to 
collateralise the Counterparty's obligations under the transfer 
agreement, the transfer agreement may be supplemented by a Credit 
Support Document. Under the terms of any such Credit Support 
Document, the Counterparty shall, inter alia, deliver Collateral 
Assets to MBFL, and, as applicable, MBFL shall re-deliver Collateral 
Assets to the Counterparty on the basis of the valuation of the 
existing Collateral Assets and the Secured Securities. 
Collateral Assets (Secured Securities 
only): 
The Collateral Assets may be: 
 
a) loans; 
 
b) cash; 
 
c) bonds or notes listed on a regulated market; 
 
d) shares listed on a regulated market; 
 
e) shares, units or other interests in a UCITS fund; and/or 
 
f) 
other assets, 
 
as more fully described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Adjustment 
of 
Collateral 
Assets 
(Secured Securities only): 
The terms of the Securities may provide that the Collateral Assets 
may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of Secured Security 
Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets) and/or the Charged 
Agreement(s). Such adjustment will be as specified in the applicable

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Final Terms and/or the Charged Agreement(s) and may be in whole 
or in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment will 
be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and may be in whole or 
in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment may 
involve MBFL or Counterparty topping up, removing, maintaining 
and/or substituting Collateral Assets and this may diminish or have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Collateral Assets in some 
circumstances.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Securities and the Guarantee issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities or the Guarantee may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Investors should be aware that they may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. 
The purchase of Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of 
an investment in the Securities. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should ensure that 
they understand the nature of the Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in this Base Prospectus and as supplemented from time to time. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with the Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms, or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the relevant Issuer or the Dealer. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of Final Terms", "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
In this section, "Issuer" refers to Mediobanca and/or to Mediobanca International and/or to MBFL as 
appropriate. 
1. 
Material Risks that are specific to the Issuers and that may affect the Issuers' ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Securities  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks related to the business of the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group and to the sector in which they 
operate; 
(B) 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuers and of the Mediobanca Group; 
(C) 
Risks related to legal and regulatory scenario.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
(A) 
Risks related to the business of the Issuers and the Mediobanca Group and to the sector in which 
they operate. 
Systemic risks related to the economic/financial crisis, the impact of the current uncertainties in the 
macroeconomic scenario and the continuation of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict 
The operations, earnings capacity and the stability of the sector of both the Issuers and the Mediobanca Group 
may be influenced by its/their credit standing, the general economic situation of Italy and the entire Eurozone, 
trends on financial markets and the economic, social and financial consequences generated by the Russia/Ukraine 
conflict. With reference to financial markets, the solidity, resilience and growth prospects of the economies of the 
countries in which the Issuers operate in particular will be especially important. 
The macroeconomic scenario is currently marked by considerable uncertainty in relation to: (a) the Russian-
Ukrainian conflict and recent developments in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; (b) the long-term consequences of 
the health crisis due to the Covid-19 pandemic; (c) the possible joint actions by the main rating agencies; and (d) 
the recent crisis in the international banking system, combined with restrictions imposed by jurisdictions to 
reduce persistent inflationary pressures, which have led to a slowdown in global growth. 
In relation to point (a) above, the persistence of uncertainties linked to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict continue to 
generate strong tensions on the energy and commodities markets. The Eurozone Harmonized Index of Consumer 
Prices rose from 8.6% year-over-year (“YoY”) in June 2022 to 9.2% YoY in December 2022 and then fell to 
5.5% YoY in June 2023. The underlying inflation trend was increasing in the first half of the year and 
substantially stable around 5.5% YoY in the second. GDP growth during the financial year showed little robust 
dynamics; therefore, the growth prospects for Europe remain linked to the economic consequences of the 
Russian-Ukrainian conflict and the dynamics of Chinese growth. In this last regard, it should be noted that the 
structural reforms imposed by the Chinese government on the economy have weighed on growth and indirectly 
frustrated European exports. 
In September 2022 the three European Supervisory Authorities (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA - so-called ESAs) 
published a joint report on the risks of autumn 2022 (Joint Committee - Autumn 2022 Report on Risks and 
Vulnerabilities). The report highlights how the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, combined with pre-existing 
inflationary pressures, has caused a sharp increase in energy and commodities prices, thus weakening the 
purchasing power of families and increasing the risk of stagflation. Accordingly, the Joint Committee of the 
ESAs advises the competent national authorities, financial institutions and market operators to take appropriate 
measures to limit the negative effects of such circumstances. 
With reference to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the continuation and/or worsening of the crisis between the 
Palestinian and Israeli governments could lead to the emergence of a further profile of uncertainty with possible 
macroeconomic and market consequences. 
In relation to point (b) above, in the 2022/2023 financial year, global economic growth was influenced by the 
Chinese government's decision to abandon the zero-tolerance policy towards Covid infections. China's decision in 
the latter part of the first half of the year reversed the global economy's loss of momentum and helped restore its 
momentum. The adoption of a zero-tolerance policy like the one adopted by the Chinese government in the past, 
which imposes a total absence of tolerance towards Covid infections, could have a further impact on the Italian

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
economic, social and financial situation and therefore, as a consequence, on the credit quality, capitalization and 
profitability of Mediobanca, which operates mainly on the Italian market. It should be noted that as of 30 June 
2023, adjustments to loans were equal to €270.1 million (compared to €242.6 million as of 30 June 2022) and that 
the Group's cost of risk was equal to 52bps (compared to 48bps as of 30 June 2022).  
In relation to point (c) above, any joint actions by the main rating agencies which result in an assessment of the 
creditworthiness of the Republic of Italy below the level of investment grade, may have a negative impact on the 
income statement, balance sheet and financial position of Mediobanca and/or the Group. 
In relation to point (d) above, in the last part of the financial year, the combination of the turbulence in the US 
and Swiss banking sectors and the emergence of the economic effects of monetary restrictions led to a slowdown 
in the growth of economic activity and a de-synchronization of economic cycles between the economic areas of 
North America, the European continent and the Far East. To deal with the increase in prices due to inflationary 
pressures, the Central Banks (in particular the Federal Reserve and the ECB) have resorted to restrictive monetary 
policies; despite this, inflation in both the United States and the European Union remained well above monetary 
policy objectives. This has generated volatility on the markets due to the lack of a certain horizon for the end of 
restrictive policies and also the fear of a recession, given the high cost of money. In this context, the peak of 
volatility was recorded in March 2023, when news on the state of the accounts of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and 
its subsequent default raised fears about the stability of the banking sector, both in the USA and in Europe. In the 
following weeks, these fears transferred to Credit Suisse, considered the most fragile global financial institution, 
which were then resolved with the intervention of public institutions which forced its acquisition by UBS. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has no significant investments in any of the banks mentioned above. 
Hence, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the ongoing downward trend in the growth estimates for 
macroeconomic indicators, such as inflation, employment and private consumption indicators, coupled with the 
increase in volatility on financial markets, risks creating adverse repercussions on the earnings, capital and 
financial situation of the Issuers and/or on the Group. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
The business activities of both Mediobanca and the Group and their earnings and financial solidity depend also on 
the credit standing of their respective clients and counterparties. 
Mediobanca is exposed to the risks traditionally associated with credit activity. Accordingly, breach by its 
customers of contracts entered into and their own obligations, or the possible failure to provide information or the 
provisions of incorrect information by them regarding their respective financial and credit situation, could impact 
negatively on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of Mediobanca. 
The Group’s portfolio has no material direct exposures versus the Russian Federation, Ukraine or Belarus. 
As at 30 June 2023, the Mediobanca Group had a gross NPL ratio (i.e. gross non-performing loans as a 
percentage of gross total customer loans) of 2.5%, compared with 2.6% for the same ratio as at 30 June 2022. 
As at 30 June 2023, gross non-performing loans totalled €1,339.7 million (almost unchanged compared to 
€1,327.3 million as at 30 June 2022), and represent 2.5% of total loans.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The lending ratio is below 1% of total loans, slightly higher than last year (0.7%). Non-performing loans do not 
include the NPLs acquired by the Group, which during the financial year 2022-2023 decreased from €360.2 
million to €242.3 million, and which are however expected to be excluded from the Group’s perimeter with the 
sale of Revalea to Banca Ifis (closing took place on 31 October 2023).  
With regard to loan concentration, as at 30 June 2023, gross aggregate exposures (including equity investments 
and those deriving from market risks) exceeding 10% of the CET1 regulatory capital (c.d. “Patrimonio di 
Vigilanza di Classe 1”) concerned eight groups of connected customers (one more than last financial year) and 
totalled €9.4 billion (€7.1 billion, taking collateral and weightings into account), compared to €8.9 billion (€6.7 
billion, taking collateral and weightings into account) as at 30 June 2022. The eight positions involve one 
industrial group, one insurance company, and six banking groups. 
Risks related to the 2023-26 Strategic Plan 
On 24 May 2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved its 2023-26 Strategic Plan One Brand – One 
Culture (the “Strategic Plan”), which identifies a series of actions across all divisions to contribute to a more 
sustainable future in terms of reducing environmental impacts, attention to inclusion and diversity and 
community support. 
The Strategic Plan contains certain targets to be reached (the “Plan Objectives”) relating to Environmental, 
Social and Governance issues; including the intention to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 (with approximately 
35% reduction in the carbon intensity of financing by 2030, -18% by June 2026), the promotion of a corporate 
culture based on diversity and inclusion with over 30% of women among senior managers, over 20% among 
executives, 50% of the total hiring and equality in the advancement rate and the introduction of the so-called 
Long Term Incentive Plan 23-26 (only the latter was approved by the shareholders' meeting of 28 October 2023) 
to align the remuneration of Mediobanca’s top management with the long-term performance underpinning the 
Strategic Plan. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers’ capability to implement the actions and to meet the Plan 
Objectives depends on a number of circumstances, some of which are beyond the Issuers’ control, including, but 
not limited to, the macroeconomic scenario, which could be compromised by the consequences deriving from the 
Russia/Ukraine conflict, the changes in the regulatory framework, and the effects of specific actions or 
concerning future events which the Issuers are only partially able to influence. Furthermore, there is no certainty 
that the actions provided for in the Strategic Plan will result in the benefits expected from implementation of the 
Plan Objectives; if such benefits fail to materialize, the results expected by Mediobanca may differ, even 
materially, from those envisaged in the Strategic Plan. 
Market risk 
The Issuers are subject to market risk, defined as the risk of the loss of value of the financial instruments, 
including sovereign debt securities, held by the Issuers as a result of movements in market variables (including, 
but not limited to, interest rates, stock market prices and/or exchange rates) or other factors that could trigger a 
deterioration in the capital solidity of the Issuers and/or the Group. Mediobanca calculates the Value at Risk 
(“VaR”) on a daily basis. VaR is a measurement of the market risk associated with a financial asset, of the 
positions held in its trading book, assuming a disposal period of a single trading day and a confidence level of

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
99%. The other sensitivities (known as the “Greeks”) are measured in relation to risk factors such as interest 
rates, share prices, Exchange rates, credit spreads, inflation and volatility. Stress testing versus the main risk 
factors is also carried out, in order to pick up the impact which significant movements in the main market 
variables might have, and ad hoc indicators are implemented to capture risks not measured by VaR. 
Such fluctuations may be caused by political, economic and market considerations, the availability and cost of 
capital, the level and volatility of share and bond prices, the price of commodities, interest rates, credit spreads, 
the value of currencies and other market indicators, innovations and developments in the field of technology, the 
availability and cost of credit, inflation, and investors’ perception of and confidence in financial markets. 
The financial year ended at 30 June 2023 has been characterised by a persistent volatility across all asset classes, 
especially interest rates, due primarily to the macroeconomic context, which has been characterised by a high 
inflation rate for the principal Western economies.  
Some breaches to the VaR and stop loss limits were recorded during the month of March 2023, corresponding to 
exceptional peaks in volatility on the interest rate market. 
The aggregate value-at-risk on the trading book for the year ended on 30 June 2023 ranged from a low of €4.5 
million in September 2022 to a high of €16.7 million recorded in mid-March 2023. The average reading of €8.4 
million was 35% higher than the previous financial year’s average (€6.1 million). After the high recorded in mid-
March 2023, the VaR figure dropped to €6.7 million, below the average of the financial year.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses as a result of the inadequacy or malfunctioning of 
procedures, staff and IT systems, human error or external events. 
The Issuer is exposed to different types of operational risk. The event types most impacted by operational risk are 
originated by products sold to clients, commercial practices, the execution of operating processes, and frauds 
committed from outside the Group. 
Although the Mediobanca Group has adopted a system for recording, assessing and monitoring operational risks 
with a view to preventing and containing them, it should be noted that unpredictable events or events otherwise 
beyond the control of the Issuers could occur, which could impact negatively on the Issuers’ and the Group’s 
operating results, activities and earnings, capital and/or financial situation, as well as on their reputation. 
The operating losses recorded during the financial year account for approximately 1.2% of total income 
(compared to 0.4% as at 30 June 2022). The majority of the operating losses for the financial year were due to a 
fraud carried out from outside and connected to non-recurring events: the fraud was suffered by a customer in the 
context of payments connected to portfolio investments. Although no material losses were generated, there was 
an increase in certain instances (classes) of operational risk, such as IT & cyber risk and outsourcing risk.  
Operational risk does not include compliance risk, strategic risk or reputational risk. 
Risks related to climate/environmental changes

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Issuers and the Group are exposed to risks related to climate and environmental change, which includes two 
main risk factors, referred to as physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk can have an adverse effect on both 
the Group’s assets (e.g. properties being damaged following severe weather events) and on those of its clients, 
with potential repercussions on, for example, assets used as collateral for loans granted. Transition risk can 
generate possible adverse repercussions on the performances of clients impacted by the tradition to a low carbon 
emission-based and more sustainable economy. 
Due to a rapidly evolving regulatory framework and the adoption by the European Commission of an ambitious 
package of measures to encourage the flow of capital towards sustainable activities throughout the European 
Union, the Mediobanca Group has integrated ESG risks, disclosure and financial sustainability of products, and 
alignment to the European taxonomy regulation. Greenhouse gas emission reduction targets have also been 
formalised for counterparties operating in four of the sectors identified by the Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
(NZBA). In addition, in the capital planning process (including the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process, ICAAP), Mediobanca has decided to integrate the potential impacts of exposure to climate risk factors 
arising from specific climate scenarios on its capital adequacy. 
In this context, for the sake of completeness, it should be noted that in 2022, the Group was engaged in 
performing stress tests on climate and environmental risk factors, conducted by the European Central Bank on the 
European banking sector as a whole.  
It should be noted that the Group does not have significant exposures vis-à-vis counterparties with high climate 
and environmental risk (as of 30 June 2023, the exposure to high-risk counterparties for the Wholesale Banking 
loan and investment portfolio was less than 1% of the aforementioned portfolio). 
The possibility of the adoption of new policies for climate and environmental risk, the future development of the 
areas of intervention in ESG and sustainable growth terms, and changing consumer preferences and market 
confidence impacting adversely on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of 
the Issuers and the Group cannot be ruled out. 
IT and Cyber Risk 
IT risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses in terms of earnings, reputation and market share in relation to the 
use of the company’s information system and in relation to malfunctions in terms of hardware, software and 
networks. 
Cyber risk is defined as a type of IT risk relating to cyber security aspects and involving risks deriving from cyber 
attacks. 
It is also worth noting that, with update no. 40th of 3 November 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order 
to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. The Group, in compliance with the 
requirements of the abovementioned update of Circular No. 285, has carried out the necessary preparation 
activities for the establishment of a new second-level "ICT & Security Risk" unit (the “Unit”) within the Non-
Financial Risks Unit (being art of the Group Risk Management unit). The Unit will be responsible for monitoring 
and controlling IT and security risks, as well as verifying the adherence of IT operations to the IT and security 
risk management system. On 27 June 2023 Mediobanca submitted to the Bank of Italy a communication

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
describing the planned steps to be taken and the arrangements to be implemented to be compliant with these 
recently introduced changes. 
Although they do not constitute new risks as such, significant exposure to them can doubtless be expected, 
because of the increasing dependence on computer systems (and the consequent increase in the numbers of users 
using online channels and interconnected devices), the growing quantity of data managed (which requires quality 
protection), and the increasing use of IT services provided by third parties. 
(B) 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuers and of the Mediobanca Group 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of each Issuer not being able to meet its own payment obligations as and when 
they fall due, as a result of an inability to raise the necessary funds on the market (funding liquidity risk), or to 
difficulties in selling its own assets to meet them except by making a loss on them (market liquidity risk). 
Liquidity risk has different timing profiles, as follows: (i) the current or potential of each Issuer being unable to 
manage its own liquidity needs effectively in the short-term (so called liquidity risk); and (ii) the risk of each 
Issuer not having stable sources of funding over the medium and long term, making it unable to meet its own 
financial obligations without an excessive increase in the cost of funding (so called funding risk). 
The Issuers’ liquidity may be affected by: (i) volatility on domestic and International markets; (ii) adverse 
changes in the general economic scenario; (iii) market situations, such as it being temporarily impossible to 
access the market by issuing shares; and (iv) changes in the relevant Issuer’s credit rating, i.e. its degree of 
earnings/financial reliability, which affects market liquidity risk as described above. All these circumstances 
could arise as a result of causes independent of the relevant Issuer, such as market turbulence, impacting 
negatively on its risk profile. 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as at 30 June 2023 was equal to 179.5% (compared to 159% as at 30 June 
2022), including the prudential estimate of “additional liquidity outflows for other products and services” in 
accordance with Article 23 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; i.e. higher than the minimum 
requirement of 100% set by the regulators as of 1 January 2018. The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) as at 30 
June 2023 was equal to 119.3% (compared to 115.5% as at 30 June 2022), i.e. higher than the minimum 
requirement of 100% introduced starting from 2021. 
The LCR and NSFR are liquidity indicators. The LCR serves to maintain a liquidity buffer that will enable the 
Issuers to survive for a period of thirty days in the event of exceptionally stressful circumstances, while the NSFR 
records structural liquidity, ensuring that assets and liabilities retain a sustainable structure in terms of maturities. 
The Group’s participation in targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTROs”) (i.e., operations whereby 
credit institutions in the Eurozone can receive finance for up to 3 years on advantageous terms, in order to 
improve credit market conditions and stimulate the real economy) with the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) 
as at 30 June 2023 amounted to €5.6 billion (€8.4 billion as at 30 June 2022). The increase in the LCR compared 
to the average annual figure recorded last year allowed Mediobanca to repay approximately €3 billion TLTROs 
during the financial year.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Although Mediobanca constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of Mediobanca, may have negative effects on 
the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of Mediobanca and the Group.In particular, in light of 
the findings set forth in the EBA third report on LCR and NSFR monitoring1, Mediobanca remains attentive to 
the evolution of the funding market to ensure that its ordinary refinancing strategies and normal businesss are not 
affected by the cumulative effect of the maturity of all the remaining central bank funding and additional outflows 
due to the impact of adverse market liquidity scenarios. 
Sovereign exposure risk 
Mediobanca is exposed to movements in government securities, in particular to Italian sovereign debt securities. 
As at 30 June 2023, the aggregate exposure to sovereign states held by the Mediobanca Group amounted to €7 
billion, of which €3.6 billion booked at fair value, and €3.4 billion at amortized cost, with €0.6 billion in 
securities held by other banks in the Mediobanca Group. On the same date, the aggregate exposure to Italian 
government securities was €5.21 billion, representing 31.2% of the Group’s total financial assets and 6% of the 
total assets (compared to 4% as at 30 June 2022). The average duration of the exposures was approximately two 
years. As at 30 June 2022, the same exposure reflected a book value of €4.4 billion (€1.14 billion recognized at 
fair value and €3.3 billion at amortized cost). The short duration of the securities portfolio together with the 
sudden rise in market rates allowed the Group to increase the portfolio yield by approximately 140 bps. 
Tensions in sovereign debt securities, with reference in particular to any deterioration in the spread on Italian 
government securities relative to those of other European member states, and any combined actions by the 
leading rating agencies that would result in the rating for Italian sovereign debt being downgraded to below 
investment grade level, may impact negatively on the Mediobanca’s portfolio, its capital ratios and liquidity 
position. 
Risk related to court and arbitration proceedings 
The risk deriving from court and arbitration proceedings for Mediobanca consists of a reputational risk, i.e. the 
damages that Mediobanca could incur if one or more of the rulings in the court and arbitration proceedings in 
which Mediobanca is involved generates a negative perception of Mediobanca and/or the Group on the part of 
clients, counterparties, shareholders, investors or the supervisory authorities. 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca and its Group companies are not, or have not been, involved in proceedings 
initiated by the public authorities, legal disputes or arbitrations which could have or which have, in the recent 
past, had significant consequences for the Mediobanca’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
It is believed that the provision for risks and charges (which as at 30 June 2023 amounted to €139 million), is 
sufficient to cover any charges relating to the actions that have been brought against Mediobanca and the other 
Group companies, mainly having tax nature, and to cover other contingent liabilities (as at 30 June 2022 the 
provision included €113.5 million for litigation and other contingent liabilities). 
 
1  
EBA Report on “Monitoring of liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio implementation in the 
EU” of 15 June 2023.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
(C) 
Risks related to legal and regulatory scenario 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”) the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are subject govern the activities in which 
banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit 
their exposure to risk. In addition, Mediobanca and Mediobanca International must comply with financial 
services laws that govern their marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing the 
international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and 
regulations are being introduced in Italy and Luxembourg and could significantly alter Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International capital requirements. In addition, any significant regulatory action against a member of 
the Mediobanca Group could lead to financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, reprimands or litigations, and, 
in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorizations, thus having a material 
adverse effect on Mediobanca Group's business, results of operations and its financial condition, which would be 
reflected in the Mediobanca Group's consolidated results. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International, which may include, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and 
combating of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and 
registration and reporting obligations. In order to operate in compliance with these regulations, Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International have in place specific procedures and internal policies. Despite the existence of these 
procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could 
adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition. The above risks are 
compounded by the fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been 
approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
Risks related to major regulatory changes 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive and strict EU and Italian regulation, which concerns and comprises 
supervisory activity by the competent authorities (i.e. the ECB, Bank of Italy and Consob). Such regulations - and 
this also applies to the supervisory activity - are subject to ongoing revisions and changes in practice. The 
applicable regulations govern the sectors in which banks may operate, in order to safeguard their stability and 
solidity, limiting the exposure to risk. In particular, Mediobanca and the banking companies of the Group are 
required to comply with the capital adequacy requirements instituted by the EU regulations and by Italian law. 
Furthermore, as a listed issuer, Mediobanca is also required to comply with the regulations provided by Consob in 
this area on subjects such as, inter alia, anti-money-laundering, usury and protection of consumer rights. 
Any changes to the regulations and/or how they are interpreted and/or applied by the competent authorities, could 
result in additional charges and obligations to be fulfilled by Mediobanca, which could impact negatively on such 
Issuer’s operating results and its earnings, capital and financial situation.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the supervisory rules has been amended on the grounds of the directions 
deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly strengthen the 
minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of policies and 
quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks must meet the own funds requirements provided by article 92 of the 
CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II (as both defined below): (i) the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 
must be equal to at least 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (ii) the Tier 1 Ratio must be 
equal to at least 6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (iii) the Total Capital Ratio must be 
equal to at least 8 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; and (iv) the Leverage Ratio must be 
equal to at least 3 per cent. of the Tier 1 Ratio divided by the total exposures amount of the bank. In addition to 
the minimum regulatory requirements, banks must meet the Combined Buffer Requirements (as defined below) 
provided by the CRD IV Directive (as defined below). 
For a description of the CRD IV Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Basel III and CRD IV Package”.  
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. In 
particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-
weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio equal at 
least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation 
buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
Mediobanca, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to direct 
supervision of the ECB. Following the SREP the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital 
requirement that Mediobanca must comply with at consolidated level (the “SREP Decision”).  
For the year 2024, Mediobanca received a SREP Decision specifying the following minimum requirements to 
comply with: 
• 
Minimum requirement (CRR Article 92) 
8.00% 
- 
of which CET1 
4.50% 
- 
of which T1 
6.00% 
- 
of which Total capital 
8.00% 
• 
P2R (SREP Decision) 
1.82% 
- 
of which CET1 
1.02% 
- 
of which T1 
1.37% 
- 
of which Total capital 
1.82% 
• 
Capital conservation buffer (CRD IV) 
2.50%

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
• 
Buffer O-SII 
0.125% 
• 
Minimum total CET1 requirement 
8.15% 
• 
Minimum total Tier 1 requirement 
9.99% 
• 
Minimum total capital requirement 
12.45% 
As at 30 June 2023 the risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”)2 amounted to €51,431.5 million (increasing from the 
€50,378.0 million reported during the financial year 2021-2022), the CET1 and the Tier 2 totalled €8,177.6 
million and €1,039.4 million, respectively (while as at 30 June 2022, the CET1 and the Tier 2 amounted to 
€7,894.3 million and €980.1 million, respectively); the CET1 ratio stood at 15.9% phase-in (versus 15.67% as at 
30 June 2022) and the total capital ratio grew from 17.62% to 17.92% (17.21% fully loaded). For the sake of 
completeness, it should be noted that as of 30 September 2023, the phase-in CET1 ratio was 15.50%. In relation 
to the ratio fully loaded (and, therefore, the prudential treatment of Assicurazioni Generali investment), it has 
been applied, following the authorisation received from the European Central Bank, the temporary regime 
provided under article 471 of the CRR which allows to weight at 370% equity holdings in insurance undertakings 
which have not been deducted pursuant to paragraph 1 of such article (the so called “Danish Compromise”). 
Starting from 2025, with the entry into force of the regulation amending the current regime, the Danish 
Compromise should become permanent, so to allow to the institutions to weight at 370% their equity holdings in 
insurance undertakings in lieu of the deduction. 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Capital Requirements” of this Base Prospectus.  
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able 
to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the aim of 
enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to operate 
temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital conservation buffer 
(CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further improved by an appropriate 
revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national authorities. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio or 
“LCR”), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period of 
thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio or 
“NSFR”) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a 
sustainable maturity structure.  
 
2 RWAs are calculated using the standard and internal ratings based (“IRB”) methods for credit risk: the standard 
method for market risk, and the basic method for operational risks.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The Mediobanca Group’s liquidity and long-term viability depends on many factors including its ability to 
successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Should Mediobanca Group not be able to implement 
the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the 
CRD IV Package (as amended by the Banking Reform Package), it may be required to maintain levels of capital 
which could potentially impact its credit ratings, funding conditions and limit Mediobanca’s growth 
opportunities. 
Both indicators of the Mediobanca Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the abovementioned 
provisions of law.  
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage 
degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Mediobanca Group. Such index is calculated by 
considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of 
indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
The Mediobanca Group’s leverage ratio, calculated without excluding exposures to central banks, remains 
unchanged in respect of the previous financial year (8.4% as at 30 June 2022 and as at 30 June 2023). 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, Mediobanca might be compelled to 
adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation procedures adopted by the 
supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities and financial situation. In 
particular, investors should consider that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or 
parameters for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches 
of the legislation governing prudential fund requirements unfavourable to Mediobanca, with consequent inability 
of Mediobanca to comply with the requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on 
the business and capital, economic and financial conditions. 
In light of that, Mediobanca has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the 
regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with the 
regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other things, liquidity 
levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect Mediobanca’s results of operations, 
business and financial condition. In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU Banking Reform 
Package has been recently implemented in Italy and there is uncertainty as to its implementation and 
interpretation, and it is not yet clear what impact the changes introduced by the Banking Reform Package will 
have on Mediobanca’s operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority 
to introduce a systemic risk buffer and borrower-based measures has recently been introduced into the Circular 
No. 285 (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such 
authority. Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on Mediobanca’s 
operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European co-legislators have recently reached a 
provisional agreement on the 2021 Reform Package (as defined below) but there is uncertainty as to its adoption 
and implementation, and thus it is not yet clear how and to what extent the entering into force of this legislative 
package may impact on Mediobanca’s operations. Finally, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CMDI 
Reform (as defined below) has been recently proposed. The CMDI Reform includes, among other things, the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency ensuring a general depositor preference with a single-tier 
depositor preference. The implementation of the CMDI Proposal is subject to further legislative procedures and, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is still legal uncertainty as to what extent its adoption and 
implementation would impact on the Issuers’ operation. 
For a description of the Banking Reform Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory 
Aspects – Revision to the CRD IV Package”. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so-called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of Mediobanca and 
the Mediobanca Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall 
be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future Mediobanca may be required, in 
particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further requests by 
the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a risk that Mediobanca 
may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated level) the minimum capital 
requirements provided for by the legislation in force from time to time or established from time to time by the 
supervisory authority in the times prescribed therein, with potential material negative impact on its business and 
capital, economic and financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International may be subject to 
extraordinary actions and/or measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of, 
respectively, the resolution tools as per the BRRD Decrees (as defined below) and as per the Luxembourg BRRD 
Law (as defined below). In particular, the impact of the resolution tools provided for by the BRRD Decrees and 
the Luxembourg BRRD Law on the rights of the Securityholders are further described in the section “Regulatory 
Aspects”. In this respect, please see “Regulatory Aspects - The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” and see 
“Regulatory Aspects – Revision to the BRRD framework” of this Base Prospectus. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or 
“SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total 
value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its 
total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit 
institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the 
European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State 
and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Mediobanca has been 
classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national 
designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) and, as such, is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, please see “Regulatory Aspects – ECB Single 
Supervisory Mechanism”. 
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that in the Republic of Italy an extraordinary tax on banks’ extra-
profits has been introduced with Italian Law Decree No. 104 of 10 August 2023, as converted into Italian Law 
No. 136 of 9 October 2023. The amount of such extraordinary tax may not exceed 0.26 per cent of the total 
amount of risk exposure on an individual basis determined at the end of the financial year preceding the one in 
progress as of 1 January 2023. As an alternative to paying the tax, an amount of not less than two and a half times 
the tax can be allocated to an unavailable reserve. On the basis of the above, the Board of Directors of 
Mediobanca has taken up the option provided for in the new measure and proposed to the shareholders' meeting - 
which approved such proposal on 28 October 2023 - the establishment of a reserve of non-distributable profits of 
€210 million (vis-à-vis a tax estimated at €82.6 million).  
Mediobanca undertakes to comply with the set of laws and regulations applicable to the Group. Failure to do so, 
or changes to the regulations and/or to the means of interpreting and/or applying them made by the competent 
national regulatory authorities could entail possible adverse impacts (including the possibility of legal 
proceedings being initiated against the Group) on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and financial 
situation of Mediobanca and the Group. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. Any 
legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuers’ financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (“IRES”) 
pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax 
Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 
December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from 
time to time available.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 111”), 
delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). According to Law 
111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce 
various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these 
amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
In addition, the implementation of the Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 laying down the OECD 
global minimum taxation rules (Pillar 2) that will take effect beginning in the year 2024, could also have adverse 
tax consequences for the Issuers.  
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. Investors 
should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and capital 
gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the 
Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above.  
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) and on MBFL 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the 
"ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD 2” and, 
togheter with the ATAD 1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to 
provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third 
countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the ATAD 1 into 
Luxembourg legislation. Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 1 Law is an interest deductibility 
limitation rule.  
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the 
Luxembourg income tax law (“LITL”) effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer, 
the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “exceeding borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. 
of the taxpayer’s EBITDA and (ii) €3 million.  
Exceeding borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Exceeding borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess 
interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
Financial undertakings, such as credit institutions, are excluded fom the scope of the interest limitation rule, 
hence, considering that Mediobanca International is a credit institution within the meaning of the law dated 5 
April 1993, it is not impacted by this interest limitation rule. That being said, MBFL may be impacted by the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
interest limitation rule. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. Luxembourg 
implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of the LITL with effect as of 1 
January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which apply as from fiscal year 2022. 
As per article 168ter of the LITL, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between entities located in different 
states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the 
deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) 
the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either (i) the denial of 
the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable income of the payee 
(provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the case of "acting 
together", (ii) a taxpayer  and an associated enterprise, (iii) head office and permanent establishment, (iv) two or 
more permanent establishments of the same entity or (v) in the case of a structured arrangement. 
The impact of ATAD 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Securities and may alter 
the tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International and MBFL.  
2. 
Risks relating to the Securities 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities issued 
under the Programme. 
(A) 
General  
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the Securities; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact 
the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, including Securities with payments thereunder 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder is different from the 
potential investor's currency; and

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities; 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities, Commodity 
Securities, Currency Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Fund Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Futures 
Securities, Underlying Interest Rate Securities and Credit Securities may entail significant risks not associated 
with investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the 
risks set out in "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Securities" set out below. 
Securities are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Securities 
A wide range of Securities may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Securities may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common risks. 
The Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include (in addition to the risks relating to the Issuers 
(including the default risk) and Guarantor's ability to fulfil their obligations under the Securities to investors) 
price risks associated with the Underlying Reference (as defined below), among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, inflation, correlation, time value and political risks. Prospective purchasers of Securities should 
recognise that their Securities may expire worthless or be settled for no value. Investors should be prepared to 
sustain a total loss of the subscription or purchase price of their Securities. See "Certain Factors Affecting the 
Value and Trading Price of Securities" below. Prospective investors should be experienced with respect to 
options and option transactions, should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Securities and 
should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such 
Securities in light of their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the information 
regarding the relevant Securities and the particular underlying index (or basket of indices), share, GDR or ADR 
(or basket of shares, GDRs and/or ADRs), interests in exchange traded funds, exchange traded notes, exchange 
traded commodities or other exchange traded products (each an "exchange traded instrument") (or basket of 
interests in exchange traded instruments), debt futures or debt options contract (or basket of debt futures or debt 
options contracts), debt instrument (or basket of debt instruments), commodity or commodity index (or basket of 
commodities and/or commodity indices), inflation index (or basket of inflation indices), currency (or basket of

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
currencies), fund share or unit (or basket of fund shares or units), futures contracts (or basket of futures contracts), 
or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Securities may relate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (such reference being the "Underlying Reference"). Each Issuer may also issue Securities linked to 
the credit of a specified entity (or entities) (each such entity a "Reference Entity" and, where the context admits, 
each an "Underlying Reference"). 
Securities linked to Underlying Reference(s) will represent an investment linked to the economic performance of 
the relevant Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note that the return (if any) on their 
investment in such Securities will depend upon the performance of such Underlying Reference(s). Securities 
linked to the difference in performance between two Underlying References (in case of Performance Differential 
Securities) will represent an investment linked to the difference between the economic performance of the 
relevant Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in 
such Securities will depend upon the relative performance of such Underlying References. Potential investors 
should also note that whilst the market value of such Securities is linked to such Underlying Reference(s) and will 
be influenced (positively or negatively) by such Underlying Reference(s), any change in the market value of such 
Securities may not be comparable to changes in the market value of the Underlying Reference(s). It is impossible 
to predict how the market value of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) will vary over time. 
The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the relevant Issuer entering into 
hedging arrangements. Potential investors should be aware that under the terms of Underlying Reference linked 
Securities they are exposed to the performance of these hedging arrangements and the events that may affect 
these hedging arrangements and consequently the occurrence of any of these events may affect the value of the 
Securities. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the subscription or purchase price of a Security on settlement means that, in 
order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, an investor must generally be correct about the 
direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the Underlying Reference or credit risk 
of the Reference Entity ("Entities") which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Assuming all other 
factors are held constant, the lower the value of a Security and the shorter the remaining term to settlement, the 
greater the risk that Securityholders of such Securities will lose all or part of their investment. 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices will affect the value of Index Securities or 
Inflation Index Securities. Fluctuations in the price of the relevant share, GDR or ADR or value of the basket of 
shares, GDRs and/or ADRs will affect the value of Share Securities. Fluctuations in the price of the relevant 
interest in an exchange traded instrument or value of the basket of interests in exchange traded instruments will 
affect the value of ETI Securities. Fluctuations in the price or yield of the relevant debt instrument or value of the 
basket of debt instruments will affect the value of Debt Securities. Also, the character of the particular market on 
which a debt instrument is traded, the absence of last sale information and the limited availability of quotations 
for such debt instrument may make it difficult for many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or 
yield of such debt instrument. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant inflation index or basket of inflation 
indices will affect the value of Inflation Index Securities. Fluctuations in the rates of exchange between the 
relevant currencies will affect the value of Currency Securities. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
commodity or commodity index or basket of commodities and/or commodity indices will affect the value of 
Commodity Securities. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant fund share or unit or fund index or basket of fund 
shares or units will affect the value of the Fund Securities. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant futures 
contracts or basket of futures contracts will affect the value of the Futures Securities. Fluctuations in the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities will affect the value of the Credit 
Securities. In the case of Hybrid Securities the Underlying Reference in respect of which is any combination of 
such indices, shares, GDRs, ADRs, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, futures or options 
contracts, currencies, commodities, inflation indices, fund shares, futures contracts, underlying interest rate or any 
other asset class or type, fluctuations in the value of any one or more of such Underlying References will 
correspondingly affect the value of Hybrid Securities. Potential investors risk losing their entire investment if the 
value of the relevant Underlying Reference does not move in the anticipated direction. 
The historical performances of an Underlying Reference should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Underlying Reference during the term of any Securities. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed by an investment in any 
Securities and the suitability of such Securities in light of its particular circumstances. 
Each Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to various Underlying References. However, no 
assurance can be given that the relevant Issuer will issue any Securities other than the Securities to which a 
particular Final Terms relates. At any given time, the number of Securities outstanding may be substantial. 
Securities provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the value 
of the underlying investment. Securities on shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments or 
fund shares or units or fund indices are priced primarily on the basis of the value of underlying securities whilst 
Securities on currencies and commodities are priced primarily on the basis of present and expected values of the 
reference currency (or basket of currencies) or commodity (or basket of commodities) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the value of and return on the 
Securities will be reduced by a structuring fee. The structuring fee will accrue from the Issue Date or the 
scheduled trading day following the Issue Date until the relevant valuation date, therefore the longer the term of 
the Securities, the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Securities by the structuring fee. Before 
purchasing a Security Investors should understand the effect of the structuring fee on the value of and return on 
the Security. 
Potential Loss of the Holder's Investment in the Securities 
Each Securityholder may receive a Cash Settlement Amount and/or physical delivery of the Entitlement the 
aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the Holder's investment in the relevant Securities. In 
certain circumstances Securityholders may lose the entire value of their investment. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market 
It is very difficult to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or ask for admission to trading of

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Securities on a stock exchange or a trading venue. If the Securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or trading venue, pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the 
liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. If the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or trading venue, there can be no assurance that at a later date, the Securities will not be delisted 
or that trading on such stock exchange or trading venue will not be suspended. In the event of a delisting or 
suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or trading venue, the relevant Issuer will use its reasonable 
efforts to list or obtain the admission to trading of the Securities on another stock exchange or trading venue. 
Also, to the extent Securities of a particular issue are settled in part, the number of Securities of such issue 
outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Securities of such issue. A 
decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Securities may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with 
the price of such issue of Securities. 
Each Issuer and any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the 
open market or by tender or private offer/treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation as further described herein. Each Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not 
obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of Securities. In those circumstances, the entity acting as market-maker 
will endeavour to maintain a secondary market throughout the life of the Securities, subject to normal market 
conditions and will submit bid and offer prices to the market. The spread between bid and offer prices may 
change during the life of the Securities. However, during certain periods, it may be difficult, impractical or 
impossible for the entity acting as market-maker to quote bid and offer prices, and during such periods, it may be 
difficult, impracticable or impossible to buy or sell these Securities. This may, for example, be due to adverse 
market conditions, volatile prices or large price fluctuations, a large marketplace being closed or restricted or 
experiencing technical problems such as an IT system failure or network disruption. 
Even if the relevant Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Securities, the secondary market 
for such Securities may be limited.  
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to the 
Securities in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Securities in the 
secondary market.  
In addition, all or part of the Securities issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon issuance by the 
relevant Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. Accordingly, 
investors subscribing for Securities upon their issuance should be aware that there may not be a viable secondary 
market for the relevant Securities immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, it may not be very 
liquid.  
Risk of Leveraged Exposure 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to an Underlying 
Reference, and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential 
multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Underlying Reference moves in the anticipated 
direction, it will conversely magnify losses when the Underlying Reference moves against expectations. If the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
relevant Securities include leverage, potential holders of such Securities should note that these Securities will 
involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar 
security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in leveraged Securities if they fully 
understand the effects of leverage. 
Absence of Rights in respect of the Underlying Reference 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or 
other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Securityholders will not have any right of 
recourse under the Securities to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed 
or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Securityholders. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events  
In case certain events, indicated in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, occurs with reference 
to the relevant Underlying Reference(s) or the Securities, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer have broad 
discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event(s) including to (i) make adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early settlement of the Securities, any of which determinations may have 
an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
The investor should consider that the effects of coronavirus pandemic (such as the measures taken by 
governments and authorities in this respect) may cause the occurrence of the events indicated above and involve 
such adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or early settlement of the Securities. 
Unsecured Securities are Unsecured Obligations 
Unsecured Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
with themselves. Each issue of Unsecured Securities issued by Mediobanca International and by MBFL will be 
guaranteed by Mediobanca pursuant to the, respectively, the deed of guarantee executed by the Guarantor and 
dated 6 June 2024 (the "Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee") and the the deed of guarantee 
executed by the Guarantor and dated 6 June 2024 (the "MBFL Deed of Guarantee"). The obligations of 
Mediobanca under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee are 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Mediobanca and will rank pari passu with all its other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations, subject as may from time to time be mandatory under Italian 
law and subject to the application of the bail-in legislation applicable to the Guarantor. 
Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Securities) or the value of the Entitlement (the 
"Physical Settlement Value") (in the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time prior to expiration is 
typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The difference between the 
trading price and the Cash Settlement Amount or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will reflect, 
among other things, a "time value" for the Securities. The "time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
the length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value or level of the Underlying 
Reference(s). Securities offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional 
risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Securities varies with the price level of the Underlying 
Reference(s), as well as by a number of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein.  
Before selling Securities, Securityholders should carefully consider the factors set out below, which may cause 
the value and trading price of the Securities to fluctuate, either positively or negatively:  
(a) 
the trading price of the Securities; 
(b) 
the value and volatility of the Underlying Reference(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Depending on the applicable payout or remuneration rates, movements in the value and/or volatility of 
the Underlying Reference may cause the value of the Securities to either rise or fall; 
(c) 
the time remaining until the scheduled Settlement Date of the Securities. Depending on the applicable 
payout or remuneration rates, the value of the Securities may fluctuate as the time remaining until the 
scheduled Settlement Date decreases; 
(d) 
in the case of Cash Settled Certificates the probable range of Cash Settlement Amounts; 
(e) 
any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields, if applicable. Depending on the applicable 
payout or coupon or remuneration rates, movements in interest rates and/or dividends may cause the 
value of the Securities to either rise or fall;  
(f) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates;  
(g) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(h) 
any related transaction costs. 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Securities is below the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Physical Settlement Value, as applicable.  
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders 
including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Securityholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may, without 
the prior consent of the holders of the Securities correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities and/or in the Final Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or the Final 
Terms and any other documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Securities

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Securities). Any 
such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant Securities and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor 
(if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Securities as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Minimum Trading Amount 
Investors should note that the Securities may have a minimum trading amount. In such cases, if, following the 
transfer of any Securities, a Securityholder holds fewer Securities than the specified minimum trading amount, 
such Securityholder will not be permitted to transfer their remaining Securities prior to settlement without first 
purchasing enough additional Securities in order to hold the minimum trading amount. The Securityholder may 
not be able to purchase additional Securities, in which case they will have to wait until settlement of the 
Securities to realise any value. If they are able to purchase additional Securities, this may be at a price higher than 
their original investment and is likely to adversely affect the overall return they achieve on their investment. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) 
related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Securities and other instruments or derivative 
products based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Security for their proprietary 
accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also issue 
other derivative instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of reference underlying Securities. The relevant 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or 
other securities related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies 
whose shares are included in a basket of shares or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such 
activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities 
and could adversely affect the value of such Securities. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in 
respect of the Securities (including whether a Market Disruption Event, a Settlement Disruption Event or Credit 
Event (each, as defined in the Terms and Conditions) has occurred) which could affect the amount payable by the 
relevant Issuer on the Securities. In exercising its right to make such determinations, the Calculation Agent is 
obligated to carry out its duties and functions as Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner however, subject to always acting only within the parameters allowed by the terms and 
conditions of the Securities, it has no responsibility to take investors' interests into account. Where the relevant 
Issuer acts as Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders, including with respect to those determinations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Securities that may influence the Cash Settlement Amount payable, or the Entitlement deliverable (as the case 
may be), on the Settlement Date. 
Investors should note that Securities issued under the Programme may be underwritten by Dealers (including 
Mediobanca) which receive in consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant 
Issuer may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, 
Mediobanca may act as market maker or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Securities: potential conflicts of interest may exist between Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one 
hand, and investors in the Securities on the other. 
Investors should note too that Mediobanca itself is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the 
issuance of the Securities. In particular Mediobanca will act as, inter alia, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor in 
respect of Mediobanca International's obligations and MBFL’s obligations, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Arranger and Italian Paying Agent. 
Even if its respective rights and obligations in relation to the issuance of the Securities are not conflicting and are 
independent from one another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities, Mediobanca may 
be in a situation of conflict of interests. Mediobanca will only have the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of its or any of its affiliates acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a duty of care other than 
as expressly provided in respect of each such capacity. 
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the relevant Issuer and any Dealers or distributors 
will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of ETI Securities and Fund Securities:  
(a) 
the relevant Issuer or one or more of its Affiliates may from time to time engage in business with the 
relevant ETI or Fund, as the case may be, or companies in which an ETI or Fund, as the case may be, 
invests, including among other things, extending loans to, or making investments in, or providing 
advisory services to them, including merger and acquisition advisory services, engaging in activities that 
may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions;  
(b) 
the ETI or Fund (each as defined below), as applicable, may pay a portion of its fees to the relevant 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates for the provision of such services;  
(c) 
in the course of this business, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent and any 
of their respective Affiliates may acquire non-public information about an ETI or a Fund, as applicable, 
or any companies, funds or reference assets in which an ETI or a Fund invests and the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates may publish research 
reports about them. This research may be modified from time to time without notice and may express 
opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding ETI Securities or 
Fund Securities, as applicable. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence 
the prices of such shares, Fund Shares, ETI Interests or other securities and could adversely affect the 
value of such Securities; 
Certain Considerations Regarding Subscribing or Purchasing Securities as Hedges 
Prospective investors intending to subscribe or purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated 
with investing in the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms should 
recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. For example, the value of the Securities may not 
exactly correlate with the value of the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Terms. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Securities, there is no assurance that their value will 
correlate with movements of the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices 
used to calculate the value of any relevant Underlying Reference.  
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under Securities (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered into from time 
to time by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to such securities) by taking 
positions, directly or indirectly, in the relevant Underlying Reference. Although the relevant Issuer has no reason 
to believe that such hedging activities will have a material impact on the price of any relevant Underlying 
Reference, there can be no assurance that such hedging activities will not adversely affect the value of the 
Securities. 
Bull and Bear Securities 
Bull Certificates and Bear Certificates (together, the "Bull and Bear Securities" or "Single Final Payout - 
Leverage Factor Securities") are designed for very short-term trading or intraday trading and are not intended 
for buy-to-hold investing. The percentage change in value of the Securities over one day will be the Leverage 
Factor which is a constant factor for each Security multiplied by the daily performance of the relevant Underlying 
Reference measured as the percentage change of the reference price from one day to the next day adjusted by the 
applicable Financing Component (which includes a Fee, an Interest Margin and Hedging Costs and may be 
positive or negative depending on, amongst other things, prevailing interest rates). Bull Certificates aim to 
produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the 
performance of the relevant Underlying Reference whereas Bear Certificates aim to produce a performance equal 
to the Leverage Factor times the inverse performance of the relevant Underlying Reference. However, because 
the performance of the Securities over any period longer than one day will be derived from the compounded daily 
performance of the relevant Underlying Reference during that period, such Security's performance may differ 
significantly to the overall performance of the Underlying Reference over that same period. Accordingly, 
compared to a security that measures change in value of the Underlying Reference between two dates, Bull and 
Bear Securities may have significantly different outcomes depending on the number and direction of changes in 
the daily value of the Underlying Reference over such period and the order in which such changes occur. Bull and 
Bear Securities are therefore described as "path-dependent" financial instruments. The potential for divergence 
between the Performance of the Bull and Bear Securities and the performance of the Underlying Reference over 
the same period of time will increase as such period becomes longer and will be most marked in periods when the 
value of the Underlying Reference is volatile. Consequently, Bull or Bear Securities are only suitable for intra-
day trading or very short investment periods. 
If "Maturity Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to either 
postpone the Settlement Date of the Bull or Bear Securities. Unless a Securityholder exercises its option to 
request the Issuer to early settle the Securities, the risks of investing in Bull and Bear Securities described above 
may increase. If a Securityholder exercises its option to request the Issuer to early settle the Securities, such 
Securityholder may receive less than their original investment, as the Optional Settlement Amount will be

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
calculated based on the performance of the Bull and Bear Securities, as described above, as of the Optional 
Settlement Valuation Date. 
If "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reverse Split Event occurs, the 
Issuer may, at its option, elect that the Certificates be consolidated and cancel the Certificates held by 
Securityholders and, in lieu thereof, deliver to Securityholders a reduced number of Bull or Bear Securities of a 
new series. The new series of Certificates issued by the Issuer will have identical terms to the original Bull or 
Bear Securities, save that the value of the Bull or Bear Securities will be consolidated to reflect the economic 
effect of reducing the number of Bull or Bear Securities in issue, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If required, the Issuer will also pay to Securityholders a 
cash adjustment amount calculated by the Calculation Agent to reflect the economic effect of reducing the 
number of Bull or Bear Securities in issue, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Upon receiving notice of a reverse split, a Securityholder may exercise its 
option to request the Issuer to early settle the Securities, in which case, such Securityholder may receive less than 
their original investment, as the Optional Settlement Amount will be calculated based on the performance of the 
Bull and Bear Securities, as described above, as of the Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
The terms of the Securities contain no negative pledge, and the Issuer is not prohibited from incurring additional 
debt.  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Securities and the Terms and Conditions of the Securities place no 
restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) of additional obligations that rank pari 
passu with, or senior to, the Securities. In addition, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) may pledge assets 
to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to 
the Securities.  
There are no events of default under Unsecured Securities  
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities (other than Secured Securities) do not include events of default 
allowing for the acceleration of the Securities if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable) fail to meet any obligations under the Securities, Securityholders will not be able to accelerate the 
payment of amounts under the Securities. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such 
Securities for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment on such Securities will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Limited Exposure to Underlying Reference 
The Securities may provide for the application to the relevant Underlying Reference of a component weight, in 
order to increase or decrease the percentage of each Underlying Reference used to determine the amounts payable 
or deliverable to investors. The component weight may be lower than 100 per cent. 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, will contribute to the 
yield of the Securities only to such reduced extent. The performance of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) will, 
therefore, impact the yield of the Securities only to a limited extent.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Securities to one or more Underlying 
References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Securities will not benefit from any 
upside in the value of any such Underlying References beyond such limit or cap. 
Expenses and Taxation 
A holder of Securities must pay all Expenses relating to such Securities. As used in the Conditions, Expenses 
means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other 
taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities and/or the delivery or transfer of the 
Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Securities as more fully set out in Condition 9 (Expenses 
and Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities.  
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security by any person and all 
payments made by the relevant Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount shall be payable to any 
relevant Securityholder in respect of any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment. The payment of all 
Expenses by the Securityholders is likely to adversely affect the overall return they achieve on their investment in 
the Securities. 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Securities on the date of purchase or 
subscription will be amended during the term of the Securities. If such amendments are made, the taxation regime 
applicable to the Securities may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence on the date of purchase 
or subscription of the Securities and such amendments could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Securities affected by them. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions are based on English law or Italian law, as the case may be, in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Securities and the contractual recognition 
of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if the Securities are issued 
by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca International and by MBFL), as 
applicable. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to an 
administrative practice or change to English law or Italian and/or Luxembourg law, as applicable, after the date of 
this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected 
by it. 
Procedures of clearing systems 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, Securities issued under the Programme may be represented by one 
or more Global Securities and such Global Securities will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Security,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Securities. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system provided in the Final Terms will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Securities. While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Securities, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Securities the relevant 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Securities by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Security must rely on the procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to receive payments under the 
relevant Securities. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Securities. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Securities will 
not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Securities. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act 
only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any 
time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as 
amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions, and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of 
Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018 as amended by Provision Consob and the Bank of Italy of 10 
October 2022, as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. In no circumstance would 
physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Italian Dematerialised Securities. While the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euronext Securities Milan (also known as Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli") and the authorised 
financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the 
procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, 
payment and communication with the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (if any). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & Ireland 
(formerly known as CRESTCo) ("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest mechanism, investors will hold 
indirect interests in Securities through CREST through the issuance of CREST Depository Interests ("CDIs") 
issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST. CDIs are independent securities constituted under English 
law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited (the "CREST 
Depository") to investors ("CDI Holders") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently 
modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll"). 
The rights of CDI Holders in respect of Securities are represented by the relevant entitlements against the CREST 
Depository which (through CREST International Nominees Limited or any other body appointed to act as 
nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the "CREST Nominee")) holds interests in such Securities. 
Accordingly, rights under Securities underlying CDIs cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll. Potential investors should note that the 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules (each as defined in "Forms of The 
Securities – Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited" below) contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository. CDI Holders 
are bound by such provisions and may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the amounts originally invested by them. 
As a result, the rights of and returns received by CDI Holders may differ from those of Holders of Securities 
which are not represented by CDIs. 
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in 
connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service (as defined in "Forms of The 
Securities – Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited" below). These will include the fees and expenses charged by the 
CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, 
charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of Securities through 
the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Dealer or any 
Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
Termination of Securities in the Event of Illegality or Impracticability 
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities have become (i) illegal in whole 
or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe 
weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the Trade Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), impossible or impracticable the relevant Issuer may settle the Securities. 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such 
holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, notwithstanding such illegality less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the relevant 
Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of 
each Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into 
account the applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
In the cases described above, the amount paid by the Issuer to the Securityholders may be less than the 
subscription or purchase price of the Securities and may in certain circumstances be zero.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Post-issuance Information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will not provide post-issuance information in 
relation to the Underlying Reference. In such an event, investors will not be entitled to obtain such information 
from the relevant Issuer. 
The remuneration rate payable on the Securities or the amount payable or deliverable on settlement of the 
Securities may in certain circumstances be changed during the life of the Securities 
If Coupon Switch Election or Automatic Coupon Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
remuneration rate payable may be switched from one rate or amount to another in the Issuer's discretion (in the 
case of Coupon Switch Election) or following the occurrence of an Automatic Coupon Switch Event (in the case 
of an Automatic Coupon Switch). If Payout Switch Election or Automatic Payout Switch is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount payable or deliverable on settlement may be switched from one amount 
payable or deliverable to another in the Issuer's discretion (in the case of Payout Switch Election) or following the 
occurrence of an Automatic Payout Switch Event (in the case of an Automatic Payout Switch). As a consequence 
of the exercise of a Coupon Switch Election or Payout Switch Election or the occurrence of an Automatic 
Coupon Switch Event or Automatic Payout Switch Event, the Underlying Reference may be changed. As the 
payout on such Securities may be switched during the life of the Securities investors may receive a return which 
differs from, and may be significantly less than, that which they expected to receive or they may receive no 
return. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Securities in circulation on the date of issue  
The Securities may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in 
accordance with investors’ demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Securities does not know in the 
moment of subscription or purchase how much of the issued Securities effectively are publicly traded with the 
consequence that the amount in circulation could be meagre and may not guarantee successively adequate 
liquidity in the Securities. 
Issue of subsequent tranche  
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Securities having the same terms and conditions as already 
existing Securities (or in all respects except for the issue price per Security indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Issue Price"), the Issue Date and/or the first payment of remuneration (if any)) and so that the further 
Securities shall be consolidated and form a single series with the original Securities, the greater amount of 
Securities in circulation could lead to greater liquidity in the secondary market with a consequent negative impact 
on the price of the relevant Securities. 
Physical Delivery Requirements and Settlement Risk 
Where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Security, the holder 
of such Security (acting through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities) must (1) deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be), with a copy to the relevant

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) a duly 
completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Exercise Date (in the 
case of a Physical Delivery Certificate) and (2) pay the relevant Expenses, together with any other amounts 
payable. In case of failure to do so the Issuer shall have no obligation to make delivery of the Entitlement in 
respect of such Security unless and until a duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is delivered as 
provided in the terms and conditions. If the duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is delivered 
after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) on the Exercise Date, delivery of such 
Entitlement shall be made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Settlement Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Certificate shall not be entitled to any additional or further payment 
by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Certificate occurring after the Settlement Date as a 
result of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice being delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg 
time, as the case may be) on the Exercise Date.  
In connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery Certificates, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a Failure 
to Deliver due to Illiquidity is subsisting. Any such determination may affect the value of the Securities and/or 
may delay settlement and/or lead to cash settlement rather than physical settlement in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
In relation to Physical Delivery Securities, under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL 
Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right at all times to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the holders of Physical Delivery Securities, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash equal to 
the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Such cash payment will constitute a complete discharge of 
the Guarantor’s obligations in relation to such Physical Delivery Securities. 
The Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level may not be known until after the Issue Date  
In certain circumstances in respect of SFP Payouts, the Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level may not be 
known at the issue date of the Securities. In these circumstances, the Final Terms will specify that the Barrier 
Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level, as applicable, will be the product of a specified percentage and the Closing 
Level, Closing Price, Italian Securities Reference Price, Relevant Price or Settlement Price, as applicable, of the 
Underlying Reference on the Strike Date (rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). Following the Strike Date, the Issuer will 
give notice of the actual Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level, as applicable, applicable to the Securities. 
Prospective investors should review the Final Terms together with the information contained in the notice in 
order to ascertain the Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level which will apply to the Securities. 
Risks Relating to Automatic Early Settlement of the Securities 
In the case of Securities that include an Automatic Early Settlement feature, the longer the time remaining until 
the scheduled settlement date of the Securities, the higher the probability that an Automatic Early Settlement 
Event will occur. 
In the event that the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference approaches the level that triggers 
the Automatic Early Settlement Event, the Securityholder may not be able to sell the Securities in the secondary 
market before the occurrence of the Automatic Early Settlement Event (see also "Possible Illiquidity of the 
Securities in the Secondary Market" above). If the Underlying Reference is listed on a different exchange to that 
on which the Securities are listed, the Automatic Early Settlement Event may occur outside the normal trading 
hours of the exchange on which the Securities are listed. In this case, the Securityholder may not have an 
opportunity to sell the Securities in the secondary market before the Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs. 
Risk of Loss Following Automatic Early Settlement of the Securities 
In the case of Securities that include an Automatic Early Settlement feature, if the relevant level, value or price of 
the Underlying Reference(s) reaches the level that triggers the Automatic Early Settlement Event, the product will 
automatically settled before the scheduled settlement date. Depending on the applicable payout, the 
Securityholder may lose some or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Gap Risk 
Securityholders will be exposed to the gap risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying 
Reference(s), whereby the relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference may change 
suddenly and significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or 
negative.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
The price of the Securities may include a premium, which includes the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of 
unwinding its hedging positions in relation to the Securities on early settlement of the Securities. The calculation 
of the premium charged to Securityholders is based on the gap risk associated with the relevant level, value or 
price of the Underlying Reference(s). The Securityholder will not receive a refund of this premium if an 
Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices  
The Securities may be linked to a "benchmark" as defined under the Benchmark Regulation. The Benchmarks 
Regulation, inter alia: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to applying to so-called "critical benchmark" 
indices, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in 
listed financial instruments (including listed Securities), financial contracts and investment funds. In this respect, 
any changes to a "benchmark" due to the Benchmark Regulation could, inter alia: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
In such events, depending on the particular "benchmarks" and the applicable terms of the Securities, the 
Securities could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted and their volatility may be 
affected. 
In addition, the application of the fallback methods to be applied in the event that a "benchmark" to which any 
Security is linked has been discontinued following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or 
registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation may expose investors to certain risks connected 
with the adjustment to the remuneration or payout calculation as provided for respectively in General Security 
Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement) and Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Rate Replacement) and/or may generally produce potential negative consequences for the holders of any 
Securities linked to such "benchmark". 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed critical "benchmarks" are 
(or may be) subject to recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
critical "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked 
to a "benchmark". 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. In the event EURIBOR will cease to be provided, cease to be

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to use 
EURIBOR for determining the amounts due under the Securities, in its recommendations of May 11, 2021, the 
ECB WG recommended the use of €STR (Euro Short Term Rate) as fallback of EURIBOR. Furthermore, ECB 
WG recommended different methodologies for the determination of the €STR-based fallback rate for a series of 
financial product types referenced to EURIBOR. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU where used to determine the 
amount payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments for which a request for 
admission to trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue (EU regulated 
market, EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF")) or via a systematic 
internaliser or to measure the performance of certain investment funds with the purpose of tracking the return or 
defining the asset allocation or computing the performance fees. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
UK. Similarly to EU Benchmark Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a benchmark rate or index, deemed to be a “benchmark”, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of 
the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmarks" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Securities. 
The Conditions of the Securities provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Rate Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the Reference Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Underlying Reference Rate will be respectively susbstituted (as described in greater details 
in the General Security Condition 22(m)(Benchmark Rate Replacement) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement)) by the Successor Rate or the Underlying Successor Rate (as 
adjusted in accordance with the Adjustment Spread, if any) (each term as defined in the relevant Conditions) and 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) will determine the adjustments to be made to the provsions 
of the Securities as it deems necessary in order the Successor Rate or the Underlying Successor Rate to be used 
for determining, as the case may be, the Remuneration Rate, the Remuneration Amount and any other amount 
payble to the Securityholders under the Securities. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Underlying Successor Rate (as adjusted in accordance with the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and together with any adjustment to the provisions of the Securities necessary in order the 
Successor Rate or the Underlying Successor Rate to be used for determining, as the case may be, the 
Remuneration Rate, the Remuneration Amount and any other amount payble to the Securityholders under the 
Securities) may result in remuneration payments and other payments that are substantially lower than or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the Securities if the relevant 
benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that, in 
certain circumstances, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine the Successor Rate, the 
Underlying Successor Rate and/or the Adjustment Spread, if any. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may 
be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the 
application of the Adjustment Spread to the Securities may not do so and may result in the Securities performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower remuneration rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any such Securities. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to 
the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Securities or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Securities. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to the relevant Securities. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Securities, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Securities linked to a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways 
which may be adverse to holders of such Securities, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If specified as an Optional Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may lead to early settlement or adjustment of the Securities, which may include 
selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Securities, including, if 
applicable to reflect increased costs. An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following 
circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the 
relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the 
benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is 
suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Securities paying a floating remuneration rate or linked to an Underlying Interest Rate 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the euro short-term rate (“€STR”) and the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight ("SARON"), as reference rates for securities continues to develop. This relates not only to the 
substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of securities referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Securities issued by it under 
this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the eurobond/securities markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-
free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the securities markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the securities, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities referencing such risk-free 
rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
securities issued to date. International Working Groups have identified all the alternative reference rates (ARRs) 
as well as various TERM rates (eg. €STR TERM, SONIA TERM, SOFR TERM and TORF). If the relevant risk-
free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Securities, the trading price of such Securities 
linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Securities referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Securities 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-
free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Securities. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, remuneration on Securities which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Remuneration Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors 
in Securities which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of remuneration which will be 
payable on such Securities, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Securities without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Securities. Further, in 
contrast to Securities linked to interbank offered rates, if Securities are early settled on a date which is not a 
Remuneration Payment Date, if the relevant Securities provide for th payment of the remuneration ut to such 
early settlement date, the final Remuneration Rate payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities are scheduled for 
settlement. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SARON or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York, SIX Swiss Exchange AG or the European Central 
Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including 
changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, 
SOFR, SARON or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the remuneration rate on the Securities will apply). The administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Securityholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any 
such risk-free rate.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(B) 
Certain considerations associated with specific types of Securities 
Certain Risks Associated with SFP Securities 
(i)  
Risks associated with Capital Protection Securities 
Capital Protection Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Protected Securities and (ii) Single Final Payout - 
Protected Capped Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and/or automatic early settlement features apply and on whether the 
final value of the Underlying Reference(s) is at, above, or below a protection level. 
(ii)  
Risks associated with Yield Enhancement Securities 
Yield Enhancement Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities, (ii) Single Final 
Payout – Double Coupon Securities, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Securities, (iv) Single 
Final Payout- Leveraged Capped Securities, (v) Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Securities, 
(vi) Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Securities, (vii) Single Final Payout - Capped Speed 
Securities, (viii) Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange, (ix) Single Final Payout – Capped Bonus 
Securities, (x) Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Securities, (xi) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped 
Bonus Securities, (xii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities, (xiii) Single 
Final Payout - Standard Express Securities, (xiv) Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity 
Exchange Securities, (xv) Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Securities and (xvi) Single Final Payout - 
Standard Memory Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas).  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a cap, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. 
(iii)  
 Risks associated with Participation Securities 
Participation Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities, (ii) Single Final 
Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus 
Floored Securities, (iv) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities, (v) 
Single Final Payout - Upside and Downside Securities, (vi) Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside 
Securities, (vii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities, (viii) Single Final Payout - Capped 
Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. 
(iv)  
Risks associated with Leverage Securities 
Leverage Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities, (ii) Single Final

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out 
Securities, (iv) Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Securities, (v) Single Final Payout – Standard 
Call and Put Securities, (vi) Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities, (vii) Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. Additionally, the return may depend on other market factors such as interest rates, the implied 
volatility of the Underlying Reference(s) and the time remaining until settlement. The effect of leverage on the 
Securities may be either positive or negative. 
(v)  
Risks associated with Constant Leverage Securities 
Constant Leverage Securities include the Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities as described in Annex 
1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
daily performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and the operation of an automatic early settlement feature. 
Constant Leverage Securities are generally suited to short term investments intraday or over a few days. 
Investments held for a longer period of time may be affected by volatile market conditions which may have a 
negative impact on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
Certain Risks Associated with MFP Securities 
(i)  
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas).  
Investors receive a fixed return on the Securities. This payout may be used in conjunction with at least one other 
payout to provide investors with partial or total capital protection. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Securities, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor 
Securities and (iv) Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether participation factor, gearing, cap and/or floor and/or 
automatic early settlement features apply. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on 
differential in performance between two Underlying References and whether participation factor and/or automatic 
early settlement features apply. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – KI –Reverse 
Convertible Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities, (iii) Multiple 
Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse 
Convertible Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities, (vi) Multiple Final 
Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Securities, (vii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible 
Securities and (viii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Securities, as described in 
Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a knock-in and/or knock-out event occurs and whether 
automatic early settlement features apply. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities  
Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities, (ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put 
Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout – Plain 
Vanilla KI Digital Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities, (vii) Multiple 
Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities and (viii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out 
Vanilla Call Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return depends on the performance of 
the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply and whether automatic early 
settlement features apply. 
(vi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities, (ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities (iii) Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya 
Securities, and (iv) Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Securities as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s), which is determined using an averaging method. The return will 
also depend on whether specific features, such as a cap or lock-in and/or automatic early settlement, apply.  
(vii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities, (ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities (iii) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in 
Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Knock-out Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out Securities (vii) Multiple Final 
Payout – 4-Step Securities, (viii) Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Extended Securities (ix) Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 3-Step Knock-in Securities, (x) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities, (xi) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Down Securities (xii) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step 
Barrier Up Securities, (xiii) Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Securities and (xiv) Multiple Final Payout - 
2-Step Knock-out Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out and/or automatic early 
settlement features apply.  
(viii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance 
Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi 
Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus 
Performance Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout – 2-Step KI Multi Bonus Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout 
– 3- Step Multi Bonus Securities, (vii) Multiple Final Payout -3- Step Flexi Bonus Securities, (viii) Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities, (ix) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In 
Bonus Performance Securities, (x) Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance Securities (xi) Multiple Final 
Payout – Twin -Win Securities, (xii) Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance Securities, (xiii) Multiple 
Final Payout – Flexi Performance Securities, (xiv) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Securities, 
(xv) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities, (xvi) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-
Out Performance Securities, (xvii) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities, (xviii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance Securities, (ixx) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities and (xx) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out 
Performance Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. Depending on the applicable formula, if an automatic early settlement event occurs investors may 
be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(ix) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas).  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the sum of returns determined on a given 
formula (which can be capped and/or floored). 
(x) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas).

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the weighted sum of returns determined 
using different payout formulas.  
(xi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation can be based on various payouts and various 
mechanisms (including a knock-in feature). 
(xii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities  
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation can be based on various payouts and various 
mechanisms (including a knock-out feature). 
(xiii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the maximum return determined using 
different payout formulas.  
(xiv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities is calculated by 
reference to a leverage on the positive or negative performance of the Underlying Reference(s).  
(xv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether one or more Lock-In Events have occurred. 
(xvi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Autocall Standard Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Autocall Standard Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether one or more Knock-In Events have occurred. 
Risks Associated with Single FI Securities 
(i) 
Risks associated with Single FI FX Vanilla Securities 
Single FI FX Vanilla Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply.  
(ii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Digital Securities 
Single FI Digital Securities include: (i) Single FI Digital Floor Securities, (ii) Single FI Digital Cap Securities, 
(iii) Single FI Digital Plus Securities and (iv) Continuous FX Wedding Cake Securities, as described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Securities is fixed or 
variable and will be dependent upon the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by 
reference to various mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features).  
(iii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Inflation Securities 
Single FI Inflation Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Single FI Inflation Securities are capital protected. The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
(C) 
Product Specific Risk Factors 
Certain considerations associated with Index Securities 
General  
An investment in Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Index Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the value of the underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may be a well known and widely 
published index or an index which may not be widely published or available.  
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Securities. Indices are 
comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, commodities, property or other 
assets, and as such, the performance of an Index is dependent upon the performance of components of such index, 
which may include interest rates, currency developments, political factors, market factors such as the general 
trends in capital markets or broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as 
earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. If an Index does

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of Index Securities. In addition the 
performance of an Index may also be reduced for fees received by the different entities performing activities in 
connection with such Index (e.g. advisory, reallocation and structuring fees) which may negate any positive 
performance of the Index and, if the Index performs negatively, increase a Securityholders’ loss of investment. 
Index Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference the value 
of the underlying index/indices. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to trade on and hedge its 
obligations in respect of the index under the Securities notwithstanding the calculation or publication of the level 
of such index. In the event that any relevant date for valuation is a Disrupted Day for such index, that valuation 
date shall be the first succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which the Issuer or relevant affiliate is 
able to trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of such index, subject to a specified maximum days of 
disruption, as more fully set out in the Conditions. Where this occurs on (i) the Strike Date for valuation, the 
Calculation Agent will not be able to determine the initial or strike level for the index or (ii) the final date for 
valuation, the Calculation Agent will not determine the final level for the index until such time as the disruption is 
no longer subsisting, or the specified maximum days of disruption has elapsed, whichever is sooner. Investors 
should be aware that any delay to the determination of the final level of the index may result in a delay in the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
Returns on the Securities do not reflect a direct investment in underlying shares or other assets comprising the 
Index  
The return payable on Securities that reference indices may not reflect the return a potential investor would 
realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the Index or owned a different form 
of interest in the relevant Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, holders of Securities 
will not receive any dividends paid or distributions made on those shares and will not participate in the return on 
those dividends or distributions unless the relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of 
calculating the relevant level. Similarly, holders of Securities will not have any voting rights in the underlying 
shares or any other assets which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, holders of 
Securities that reference Indices as Underlying Reference may receive a lower payment upon settlement of such 
Securities than such holder of Securities would have received if it had invested in the components of the Index 
directly or other comparable instruments linked to the Index. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities  
The sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of components of 
any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or 
better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the relevant Issuer to the 
holders of the Index Securities. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation 
or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Index Securities and will have no obligation to any holder of such Securities. Accordingly, the sponsor of an 
Index may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the holder of the Securities, 
and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Index Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Securities 
General 
An investment in Share Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Share Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical delivery of a given number of 
share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. Accordingly, an investment in Share Securities may bear similar market risks to a 
direct equity investment and investors should take advice accordingly. Share Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying share(s), GDRs 
and/or ADRs. 
In the case of Share Securities, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of the 
relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to 
any information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
share, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the 
trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Securities relate. 
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the 
capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These factors are not within the 
relevant Issuer’s control and may result in a decline in the value of the Securities. 
Lack of rights in respect of Shares 
Share Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of the relevant share(s) and 
investors will not have any right of recourse under the Share Securities to any such company or the shares. Share 
Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer of the relevant share(s) and such 
companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions for any holders. Accordingly, 
the issuer of a share may take any actions in respect of such share without regard to the interests of the investors 
in the Share Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Share Securities. 
Physical delivery of Shares

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Where the Securities linked to Shares include the are Physical Delivery, the Issuer will settle such Share 
Securities at their maturity by delivering Shares to the investor and the investors will receive such Shares rather 
than a monetary amount upon maturity. Securityholders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Shares 
and the risks associated with such Shares. The investor should not assume that he or she will be able to sell such 
Shares for a specific price after the settlement of the Securities, and in particular not for the subscription or 
purchase price of the Share Securities. Under certain circumstances the Shares may only have a very low value or 
may, in fact, be worthless. Securityholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation 
to the delivery and/or disposal of such Shares. 
Certain considerations associated with ETI Securities 
An investment in ETI Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of ETI Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the value of the interests in exchange traded instruments or a basket of interests in exchange traded 
instruments and/or the physical delivery of a given number of interests in exchange traded instruments. 
Accordingly, an investment in ETI Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct exchange traded 
instrument investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. ETI Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the interests in exchange traded 
instruments or the basket of interests in exchange traded instruments. 
Whilst interests in exchange traded instruments are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar 
manner as a share traded on an exchange, certain provisions related to ETI Securities are similar to the provisions 
related to funds and Fund Securities. 
In the case of ETI Securities, no exchange traded instrument will have participated in the preparation of the 
relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to 
any information concerning any such exchange traded instrument contained in such Final Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the 
publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the interests in the exchange traded instrument will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
exchange traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests in the exchange traded instruments and 
therefore the trading price of the Securities. ETI Securities do not provide Securityholders with any participation 
rights in the underlying ETI(s) and, except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, do 
not entitle holders of ETI Securities to any ownership interest or rights in such ETI(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant exchange traded instruments to which such Securities 
relate.  
Certain considerations associated with Debt Securities

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
An investment in Debt Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Debt Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or the physical delivery of a given number of debt instrument(s). Accordingly, an investment in Debt 
Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct debt instrument investment, and investors should take advice 
accordingly. Debt Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference 
to the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Certain considerations associated with Commodity Securities 
General  
An investment in Commodity Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Commodity Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the commodity, commodity index, commodities and/or commodity 
indices. Accordingly, an investment in Commodity Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
commodity investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. Commodity Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying commodity, 
commodity index, commodities and/or commodity indices.  
Where the Securities are linked to a commodity index, such commodity index may be a well known and widely 
available commodity index (such as the S&P GSCI®) or a commodity index which may be less well known in 
which case information (including past performance) may be less readily available. The commodity index may be 
comprised of futures contracts, mono-indices, or other commodity indices. Pursuant to the operational rules of the 
relevant commodity index, the commodity index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on 
each weekday). In the event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the commodity 
index is not available for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without limitation, (a) where it is 
a not a business day in respect of that commodity index component or (b) that commodity index component is 
subject to a market disruption event, then the calculation agent of the commodity index may, but is not obliged to, 
calculate the level of the commodity index for the relevant day by taking a value for the affected index 
component on the first day following the end of a specified maximum days of disruption based on the price at 
which it is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge position. Such an occurrence may potentially result in a 
delay in the publication of the commodity index and the level of the commodity index may be affected. 
The relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to hedge its obligations in respect of the commodity 
index under the Securities notwithstanding the calculation and publication of the level of the commodity index. In 
the event that a Market Disruption Event is occurring on any relevant date for valuation, that valuation date will 
be postponed until the first succeeding day that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, subject to a specified 
maximum days of disruption, as more fully set out in the Conditions. Where this occurs on (i) the Initial Pricing 
Date or Strike Date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will be unable to determine the initial or strike level for 
the commodity index and (ii) on the final date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will be unable to determine 
the final level for the commodity index, until either the Market Disruption Event has ceased or the specified 
maximum days of disruption have elapsed, whichever is sooner. Investors should be aware that any delay to the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
determination of the final level of the commodity index may result in a delay in the payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount. 
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of the relevant Commodity 
Securities; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes  
The prices of commodities may be volatile and may fluctuate substantially if, for example, natural disasters or 
catastrophes, such as hurricanes, fires, or earthquakes, affect the supply or production of such commodities. 
Commodity prices also fluctuate due to general macro-economic forces and general market movements. The price 
of commodities may also fluctuate substantially if conflict or war affects the supply or production of such 
commodities. If any amount payable in respect of a Security is linked to the price of a commodity, any change in 
the price of such commodity may result in the reduction of the amount of such payment in respect of a Security. 
The reduction in the amount payable on the settlement of the Security may result, in some cases, in a 
Securityholder receiving a smaller sum on settlement of the Security than the amount originally invested in such 
Commodity Security. 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain commodity contracts may 
be traded on unregulated or ‘‘under-regulated’’ exchanges  
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, and which are 
generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are agreements either to (a) buy or sell a 
set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period (which may be 
referred to as a delivery month), or to (b) make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the 
underlying physical commodity. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures contracts). 
Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-the- counter" on trading 
facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. Accordingly, 
trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be subject to the same provisions as, and the protections 
afforded to, contracts traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be additional 
risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts and any Securities which reference any 
such commodity contracts may have reduced liquidity or greater price volatility or be subject to more extensive 
market disruptions. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital may be applied in whole or 
in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective counterparties under the commodity 
futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase the return of the 
investor making such direct investment. However, Holders of Securities linked to the price of commodity futures 
contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised investment in 
commodity futures contracts. 
Certain Additional Considerations Associated with Commodity Securities valued by reference to Futures 
Contracts or Debt Securities, Index Securities or Currency Securities where Futures Price Valuation is specified 
as applicable

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Financial futures contracts are standardised futures transactions that are linked to financial instruments (e.g. 
stocks, bonds, indices, interest rates and foreign currencies). Commodity futures contracts are standardised 
futures transactions that are linked to commodities (e.g. mineral commodities, agricultural products and precious 
metals). A futures transaction constitutes the contractual obligation to buy or sell a certain amount or number of 
the respective underlying at a fixed price and at a predetermined future point in time. Futures contracts are traded 
on futures exchanges and standardised for this purpose with respect to their contract size, the nature and quality of 
the underlying as well as delivery places and dates, if any. Generally, there is a strong correlation between the 
price development of an underlying financial instrument or commodity (each or "underlying") on the spot market 
and the corresponding futures exchange. However, the price of a futures contract will generally be traded at a 
premium on, or discount from, the spot price of the underlying. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the 
need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g. in the case of commodities, warehousing, transport and 
insurance costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures 
markets. In addition, and depending on the underlying, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the 
spot and the futures markets. 
Investment in futures contracts involves certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder of a futures 
position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures 
contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the price of a particular futures contract has increased or 
decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, contracts can neither be bought nor sold unless holders are 
willing to trade at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable 
positions and subject it to substantial losses. For example, futures contract prices in various underlyings 
occasionally exceed the daily limit for several days with little or no trading. Such losses could have an adverse 
effect on the return of Securities linked to the affected futures contracts. Any illiquidity disruption or force 
majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, act of governmental authority or a 
labour dispute or shortage) is likely to have an adverse effect on the value of or trading in the underlying or 
futures contracts on such underlying and adversely affect the value of the Securities. In addition, and depending 
on the commodity, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. 
Accordingly, Commodity Securities which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different 
return from Commodity Securities linked to the relevant physical commodity. 
Where the Securities are linked to the exchange price of a futures contract, knowledge of the market of the 
underlying to which the futures contract is linked as well as of the functioning and evaluation factors of futures 
contracts is necessary to make a valid assessment of the risks associated with the purchase of these Securities.  
In the case of Debt Securities, Index Securities or Currency Securities where Futures Price Valuation is 
applicable, the Securities are exposed to a futures or options contract relating to a synthetic debt instrument (in 
the case of Debt Securities), an index (in the case of Index Securities) or a rate of exchange (in the case of 
Currency Securities) and bear similar market risks to a direct investment in such futures or options contract. 
Certain additional considerations associated with Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in 
delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement amount. Rolling

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Futures Contract Securities are valued by reference to futures contracts that have a delivery or expiry month that 
do not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently the futures contracts are "rolled" which means 
that the futures contract that is nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") is sold before it expires 
and a futures contract that has an expiration date further in the future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") is 
purchased ("Rolling"). In order to maintain an ongoing exposure to such underlyings Rolling of the applicable 
futures contracts is applied.  
An investment in futures contracts where the future is a commodity may increase or decrease through Rolling. 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (the 
underlying is said to be in "backwardation"), then Rolling from the former to the latter will result in greater 
exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions will be greater than 
if an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying contracts as before the Rolling. Conversely, 
where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (the 
underlying is said to be in "contango") then Rolling will result in less exposure to the longer-dated futures 
contract. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions will be less than if an investor had synthetically held 
the same number of underlying contracts as before the Rolling. 
Depending on whether the Securities are synthetically "long" or "short" the relevant futures contract, where a 
futures contract is in contango, this is expected to (though may not) have a negative (in the case of a "long" 
position) or positive (in the case of a "short" position) effect over time on the value of the Securities. Where a 
futures contract is in backwardation this is expected to (though may not) have a positive (in the case of a "long" 
position) or negative (in the case of a "short" position) effect over time on the value of the Securities. Where an 
underlying contract is in contango, then the price of the longer-dated underlying contract will be expected to (but 
may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such event, Rolling is expected to have a negative effect (in the 
case of a "long" position) or positive (in the case of a "short" position) on an investment in the underlying 
contract. Where an underlying contract is in backwardation, then the price of the longer-dated underlying contract 
is expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, Rolling is expected to have a 
positive (in the case of a "long" position) or negative (in the case of a "short" position) effect on an investment in 
the underlying contract.  
If, on any Futures Rollover Date (as defined below), a Market Disruption Event (as defined in Commodity 
Security Condition 2), a Commodity Index Adjustment Event (as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4) or 
a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (as defined in Index Security 
Condition 5.1, Debt Security Condition 6 or Currency Security Condition 5), as applicable, occurs and it is 
impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a futures contract and/or at such time 
hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index Security, Debt Security or Currency Security that is a Rolling Futures 
Contract Security: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Non-Commencement or Discontinuance 
of an Exchange-traded Contract or (in the case of Index Securities), Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option, is specified as being applicable in the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder 
in respect of each Security, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of 
such Security, taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(b) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security 
taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs and on the Settlement Date shall settle each Security at 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate 
equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, 
the Protected Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Securities, if Highest Value is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of 
the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder calculated as the greater of the fair market value of such 
Security (notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) and the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (x) no costs 
shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date 
notified to the Securityholders until the scheduled Settlement Date of the Securities of 
any costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to 
the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Securities, if Market Value is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
accordance with Condition 10, settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to 
each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated as the fair market value of a Security (notwithstanding the illegality (if 
applicable) and taking into account any Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract) calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no 
costs shall be deducted from such amount, and (y) including the reimbursement by the 
Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date notified to the 
Securityholders until the scheduled Settlement Date of the Securities), of any costs 
(including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the 
Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such an amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified in the notice of early settlement; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Securities, if Monetisation Option is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 10, settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to 
each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated as: 
(i)  
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the reimbursement by 
the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date notified to the 
Securityholders until the scheduled Settlement Date of the Securities), of any 
costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Securityholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities), such amount 
to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the notice of early settlement) on the 
Settlement Date; or 
(ii)  
if the Securityholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided 
below, the fair market value of such Security, such amount to be paid by the 
Issuer on the date fixed for early settlement, as notified to the Securityholders. 
Where: 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount equal to the 
greater of the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) × (1 + r)n 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Security on the date on which 
the event triggering early settlement occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event 
triggering early settlement occurs;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent 
hypothetical debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with 
the same time to redemption as the remaining time to settlement on the Securities from 
the date fixed for early settlement until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities, 
expressed as a number of years; and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in 
respect of the Security or the interest amount due under the Security in order to enable 
the Issuer to issue the Security at the issue price and on their applicable terms. The 
value of the Derivative Component will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
(A)  
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) 
and other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; 
financing costs; the value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference 
asset(s) or basis (bases) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the 
volatility of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and 
exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(B)  
the time remaining until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities; 
(C)  
internal pricing models; and 
(D)  
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative 
Component. 
(ii) 
in the case of a Commodity Security that is a Rolling Futures Contract Security, the relevant 
Issuer may take such actions as described in Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequences 
of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and Commodity Security Condition 4 
(Adjustments to a Commodity Index), as applicable (see "Market Disruption Events relating to 
Commodity Securities" and "Adjustment Events relating to Commodity Index Securities" 
below). 
Rollover ("Rollover") will be effected on the relevant day specified in the applicable Final Terms or the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner within the 
Futures Rollover Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Futures Rollover Date") within a certain 
time frame shortly before the expiration date of the current futures contract. Consequently on any Futures 
Rollover Date, the relevant Issuer will liquidate its positions assumed through the corresponding hedging 
arrangements in relation to the existing futures contract whose expiration is imminent and will assume 
corresponding positions in relation to a new futures contract having identical terms but with a different maturity 
selected by it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
At each Rollover there may be expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract which may have an adverse 
effect on the return on the Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that in respect of Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the price difference 
between the futures involved in each Rollover may have a negative effect on the value of the securities and in the 
long term be higher than the positive performance of the underlying and result in a total loss of the investment in 
the Securities. Rolling Futures Contract Securities may not be suitable for investors who intend to invest medium 
to long term.  
Certain Considerations Associated with Inflation Index Securities 
An investment in Inflation Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Inflation Index Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices. Inflation Index Linked 
Remuneration Amount Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying inflation index/indices. 
Certain considerations associated with Currency Securities 
An investment in Currency Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Currency Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or the physical delivery of a given amount of 
a currency or currencies. Accordingly, an investment in Currency Securities may bear similar market risks to a 
direct currency investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. Currency Linked Remuneration 
Amount Certificates pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying 
currency/currencies. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value of Currency 
Securities. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in 
the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to international and domestic political factors, 
economic factors (including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries), economic forecasts, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in 
the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Measures taken by 
governments and central banks include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of 
a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or 
transfer of a Settlement Currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a Settlement Currency 
which would affect return on the Currency Security or ability of the relevant Issuer to make delivery in the 
Settlement Currency. 
Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, settlement or sale of Currency 
Securities into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates between their home 
currency and the relevant currency (or basket of currencies). Currency values may be affected by complex 
political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency (or basket

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
of currencies), regardless of other market forces. Investors in Currency Securities risk losing their entire 
investment if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) do not move in the anticipated 
direction. 
If additional warrants, securities or options relating to particular currencies or particular currency indices are 
subsequently issued, the supply of warrants and options relating to such currencies or currency indices, as 
applicable, in the market will increase, which could cause the price at which the Securities and such other 
warrants, securities and options trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
Currency Securities linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less certainty as 
to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against other currencies. See 
also "Certain Considerations Associated with Securities Linked to Emerging Markets". 
Certain considerations associated with Dual Currency Certificates 
An investment in Certificates in relation to which Dual Currency Certificates is specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms (such Ceritificates being "Dual Currency Certificates") will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value 
of Dual Currency Certificates. Currency values related to the exchange rates may be affected by complex political 
and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of an exchange rate, regardless of 
other market forces. Investors in Dual Currency Certificates risk losing their entire investment if the relevant 
exchange rates do not move in the anticipated direction. 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Securities 
An investment in Fund Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Fund Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the value of the fund shares and/or the physical delivery of a given number of fund shares or units. 
Accordingly, an investment in Fund Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment, and 
investors should take advice accordingly. Fund Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates pay remuneration 
amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying fund shares or units. The price of units or shares 
in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment 
adviser. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the Fund Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such 
issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described 
in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to 
disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of 
the fund shares or units and therefore the trading price of the Securities. Fund Securities do not provide

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Securityholders with any participation rights in the underlying Fund(s) and except in certain circumstances in the 
case of Physical Delivery Securities, do not entitle holders of Fund Securities to any ownership interest or rights 
in such Fund(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units to which such Securities relate.  
Certain considerations associated with Futures Securities 
An investment in Futures Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Futures Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the futures contract or basket of futures contracts. Accordingly, an 
investment in Futures Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct futures contract investment, and 
investors should take advice accordingly. Futures Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates pay remuneration 
amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying futures contract or basket of futures contracts. 
Additional risk factors for Credit Securities 
General 
The Issuers may issue Certificates ("Credit Securities") where the amount payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if so, on the 
value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities. Credit Securities are Certificates in respect of 
which the relevant Issuer has effectively bought protection on one or more Reference Entities from the 
Securityholders and payments on such Certificates and/or Certificate such Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain 
specified assets, will depend on the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entities. 
The price of such Certificates may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time remaining to 
the settlement date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entities, which in turn may be affected by the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. In purchasing Credit Securities, investors 
assume credit exposure to both the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities and the Issuer (and the 
Guarantor, if applicable) of the Credit Securities. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the 
specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities are concentrated in the same industry sector or geographic area 
as the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if applicable). 
Where the Certificates provide for physical delivery, to the extent this is allowed under the applicable laws and 
regulations in force from time to time, the relevant Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be delivered 
are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or 
due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with 
respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement 
date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any Affiliate has not received under the terms of any 
transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such Affiliate to hedge such Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Certificates. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Certificates and/or cause the 
obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
case, may affect the value of the Certificates and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing 
of the valuation of such Certificates and, as a result, the amount payable on settlement. Prospective investors 
should review the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions 
should apply to the Certificates. 
The relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Securities are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
relevant Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity, and the relevant Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
The holders of Credit Securities will be exposed to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be to the full extent of their investment in such Credit Securities. Upon the occurrence of any of 
the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference Entity, the Securityholders may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference 
Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Security is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact 
of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably greater than would be 
suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to 
such Reference Entity. A subscription or purchase of Credit Securities does not constitute an investment in, or 
short selling, any obligations of the Reference Entity/ies, or of any interest in any such obligations. 
Securityholders of the Credit Securities will have rights solely against the relevant Issuer of the Credit Securities 
and will not have any rights against any Reference Entity. In particular, Securityholders will not have: (a) the 
right to vote or give or withhold from giving any consent in relation to any obligation of any Reference Entity; (b) 
the right to receive any coupons, fees or other distributions which may be paid by any Reference Entity to holders 
of the any obligations of any Reference Entity; or (c) the right to receive any information from any Reference 
Entity. Accordingly, an investment in the Credit Securities is not equivalent to an investment in, or short selling 
of, any obligation of a Reference Entity relating to such Credit Securities. 
Securityholders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are 
unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Securityholders of Credit Securities may suffer a loss of some or all of the settlement amount of the Certificates 
in respect of one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the Credit Event 
Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Accordingly, the Securityholder of Credit 
Securities will be exposed to the risk of the occurrence of any Credit Event after the applicable Credit Event 
Backstop Date even if it occurs prior to the Issue Date, which may be several weeks after the Trade Date. If the 
Reference Entity suffers a Credit Event prior to the Issue Date (or if the Credit Event Backstop Date is specified 
as a date falling on or after the Issue Date, on or after such date), and a Credit Event Notice, and a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information (if applicable) are properly delivered, which may occur on or shortly after the 
Issue Date of the Certificates, such Certificates will be subject to exercise, at or shortly after the Issue Date. No 
remuneration will be paid on such Certificates. Neither the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer nor any of 
their respective Affiliates has any responsibility to inform any Securityholder, or avoid or mitigate the effects of a 
Credit Event that has taken place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Increased credit risks associated with First-to-Default and Nth-to-Default Credit Securities  
Where the Certificates are First-to-Default Credit Securities, the Certificates will be subject to settlement in full 
as described above upon the occurrence of the first Credit Event in relation to any of the Reference Entities. The 
credit risk to Securityholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks. 
Where the Certificates are Nth-to-Default Credit Securities, the Certificates will be subject to settlement in full as 
described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity. The credit risk to 
Securityholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Securities 
Where the Certificates are Basket Credit Securities and a Distribution End Date is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall specify whether "Distribution Period Settlement", "Settlement at Maturity" or "Distribution 
Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" applies. If "Distribution Period Settlement" applies and an 
Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Distribution End Date, Securityholders of such Credit 
Securities will suffer a loss of remuneration and the Certificates will be settled, in part, early. 
Securityholders increased risks associated with Tranched Credit Securities 
Tranched Credit Securities create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entities as the implicit 
portfolio size or size of the aggregate notional amount of the Reference Portfolio is significantly larger than the 
aggregate notional amount of the Credit Securities. Investors can lose a significant part or all of their investment 
even if a Credit Event occurs in respect of only one or a few of the Reference Entities comprising the Reference 
Portfolio. The value of the Tranched Credit Securities may be more volatile and credit losses in respect of the 
Tranched Credit Securities may be greater than would be the case in the absence of such leverage. The value of 
the Tranched Credit Securities may also be adversely affected by changes in the relative value of different 
tranches of credit risk on the Reference Portfolio. Such relative value changes may occur as a result of, for 
example, changes in assumptions by market participants to model the credit risk of the Reference Portfolio, 
correlation between the Reference Entities, as well as changes in the supply of and demand for credit protection 
in relation to each such tranche are exposed to risk on Reference Entities. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity from time to time may result in a settlement of the Certificates in a reduced settlement amount 
or at zero, and, (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which remuneration is calculated. Where Physical 
Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the settlement of the Certificates based on the 
valuation (or by delivery) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which 
obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount. 
Issuer and Calculation Agent will act in their own interests

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Each of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will exercise its rights under the terms of the Credit Securities, 
including in particular the right to designate a Credit Event and the right to select obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity for valuation or in respect of the Certificates, delivery, in its own interests and those of its 
Affiliates, and not in the interests of investors in the Certificates. The exercise of such rights in such manner, for 
example by the selection of the eligible obligations of the Reference Entity having the lowest possible market 
value for valuation, may result in an increased credit loss for holders of the Credit Securities. The exercise of such 
discretion by the Issuer or Calculation Agent could adversely affect (i) the value of the amount in cash, if any, 
which will be paid in respect of any Certificates on the applicable settlement date, if any, or (ii) the market value 
of the portfolio of obligations the relevant Issuer will Deliver. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Securityholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Certificates and making any determinations expressed to 
be made by it, for example, as to substitute Reference Obligations or Successors, the Calculation Agent shall act 
in its sole and absolute discretion and is under no obligation to act in the interests of the Securityholders, nor will 
it be liable to account for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. The 
Calculation Agent is not bound to follow, or act in accordance with, any determination of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Securities 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) 
may adversely affect the value of the Credit Securities. Securityholders of the Credit Securities should be aware 
that the Reference Entities to which the value of the Certificates is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may 
change over the term of the Certificates. 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
In certain circumstances, pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determination Committee, all of the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer under each Credit Security (including any obligation to deliver any notices, pay 
any settlement amount) shall, be and remain suspended until ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determination Committee has resolved the matter in question or not to determine such matters. The 
Calculation Agent will provide notice of such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure 
or delay by the Calculation Agent in providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such 
suspension. No interest shall accrue on any payments which are suspended in accordance with the above. 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
Where the Credit Securities are settled following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to an auction 
sponsored by ISDA, the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such auction and, 
in such capacity, may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without 
limitation) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the 
Reference Entity. If the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
regard to the interests of Securityholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the 
outcome of the relevant Auction and/or on the Credit Securities. Securityholders will have no right to submit bids 
and/or offers in an Auction. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be greater than the market value that would 
otherwise have been determined in respect of the specified Reference Entity or its obligations. In particular, the 
Auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or 
may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Auctions may be conducted by ISDA or by a relevant 
third party. Neither the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any 
responsibility for verifying that any auction price is reflective of current market values, for establishing any 
auction methodology or for verifying that any auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. The 
relevant Issuer will have no responsibility to dispute any determination of an Auction Final Price or to verify that 
any Auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. 
Following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event in relation to which ISDA sponsors multiple concurrent 
auctions, but where there is no relevant auction relating to credit derivative transactions with a maturity 
corresponding to the Credit Securities, if the Calculation Agent exercises the right of the buyer or, as the case 
may be, seller of credit risk protection under the Credit Securities to elect that the Auction Final Price is 
determined by reference to an alternative Auction, the Auction Final Price so determined may be lower than the 
amount which would have been determined based on quotations sought from third party dealers, thereby reducing 
the amount payable to Securityholders. 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Certificates are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations 
obtained will be "bid-side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the 
relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially 
reduced or may vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other 
than the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly different from the value of the relevant obligation 
which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cashflows. Quotations will 
be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk  
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection in respect of the Certificates has discretion to choose the portfolio of 
obligations and/or assets to be valued or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is 
likely that the portfolio of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity and/or 
assets with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the Certificates. This 
could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Certificates. 
Cash settlement (whether by reference to an auction or a dealer poll) may be less advantageous than physical 
delivery of assets

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Payments on the Credit Securities following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date may be in cash and 
will reflect the value of relevant obligations of the affected Reference Entity at a given date. Such payments may 
be less than the recovery which would ultimately be realised by a holder of debt obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions 
following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Asset Package Delivery risks 
The 2014 Definitions introduced the concept of asset package delivery. In certain circumstances where (a) 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" applies in respect of a Reference Entity and 
(i) there is a Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of the 
Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention or (b) a 
Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a Sovereign, then a related asset package resulting from a prior 
deliverable obligation (where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" apply) or package observable bond (where the 
Reference Entity is a sovereign) may also be deliverable. The asset package would be treated as having the same 
outstanding principal as the corresponding prior deliverable obligation or package observable bond. 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, the related credit loss will 
be 100 per cent. notwithstanding the recovery value on any other obligations of the Reference Entity.  
The risk factors "Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders" and "Use of Cash 
Settlement may adversely affect returns to the Securityholders" above would apply to any asset or asset package.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial instrument, the value of such 
asset will be the market value determined by reference to a specialist valuation or in accordance with 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Conflicts of Interest - 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" and "Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" for risk factors relating to valuation in accordance with CDDC methodology. 
Increased risks where "Zero Recovery" or a specified Final Price is applicable 
Where "Zero Recovery" is applicable, if a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, investors will 
automatically lose an amount in principal or notional amount of the Credit Security equal to the portion of the 
Credit Security which is allocated to the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity. Investors should note that, in 
such circumstances, the Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price (which would 
otherwise apply in the absence of "Zero Recovery") or the recovery on any investments in bonds or other 
instruments issued by such Reference Entity will be higher (and may be significantly higher) than the zero 
recovery value ascribed to such Reference Entity under the Certificates. Likewise, if the Final Price is specified in 
the Final Terms in relation to Credit Securities, such fixed Final Price may be lower (and may be significantly 
lower) than the recovery which an investor in bonds or instruments issued by such Reference Entity would 
receive. Furthermore, both where "Zero Recovery" or a specified Final Price is applicable, the market value of the 
Credit Securities may not reflect the market value of a credit default swap on the Reference Entity or any other 
products linked to or issued by the Reference Entity which may be significantly higher.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
The Issuer and Calculation Agent are not obliged to disclose information on Reference Entities 
The relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent are not obliged to disclose to holders of the Certificates any 
information which they may have at the Issue Date or receive thereafter in relation to any Reference Entity. 
The value of the Credit Securities may be adversely affected by Illiquidity or Cessation of Indices 
In determining the value of the Credit Securities, dealers may take into account the level of a related credit index 
in addition to or as an alternative to other sources of pricing data. If any relevant index ceases to be liquid, or 
ceases to be published in its entirety, then the value of the Certificates may be adversely affected. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar entities and 
no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. Historical default 
statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events for the purposes of the Credit Securities. 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Entities 
Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of Reference 
Entities and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Succession Event or Credit Event. 
Reference Entities may not be subject to regular reporting requirements under securities laws. The Reference 
Entities may report information in accordance with different disclosure and accounting standards. Consequently, 
the information available for such Reference Entities may be different from, and in some cases less than, the 
information available for entities that are subject to the reporting requirements under the United Kingdom 
securities laws. None of the Issuers or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates make any 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any information available with respect to the Reference 
Entities.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
None of the Issuers or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates will have any obligation to keep 
investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Entities or any of their obligations, including 
whether or not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Succession Event with respect to the Reference Entities. 
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances, there may be no requirement for the relevant 
Issuer to give information which is generally publicly available in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event. If 
a Credit Event occurs in respect of an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is not public, Securityholders of the 
Credit Securities may not be able to verify the occurrence of such Credit Event. 
Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the Securityholders and have 
the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Securityholders, such as the occurrence of a 
Credit Event or a Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to make 
determinations without action or knowledge of the Securityholders. 
Securityholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Securityholders may have no role in establishing such criteria. In 
addition, the composition of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from time to time in 
accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be 
replaced. The Securityholders may have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for in the Certificates, will be subject to 
the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Securityholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in connection 
with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the case of gross negligence, 
fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee do 
not owe any duty to the Securityholders and the Securityholders will be prevented from pursuing claims with 
respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Securityholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is based. In 
addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous determinations and, 
therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or any of their respective Affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
at any time, then they will act without regard to the interests of the Securityholders. 
Securityholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA website

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
and neither the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to 
inform the Securityholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in respect of the Certificates). 
Failure by the Securityholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Certificates and Securityholders are solely responsible 
for obtaining any such information. 
Investors should read the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules as amended from time to time as 
set 
out 
on 
the 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
website, 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decisions. Investors should however note that the Rules may subsequently be amended from time to 
time without the consent or input of the Securityholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may be expanded or modified as a result. 
Multiple Auctions following Restructuring Credit Event 
Where multiple concurrent Auctions are held following a Restructuring Credit Event, the relevant Issuer may be 
entitled to select a particular Auction for the purposes of settlement of the Credit Securities. The relevant Issuer 
will make such election acting in its own interests and not in the interests of the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the terms of the Credit 
Securities to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms or 
market trading conventions, without the consent of Securityholders or prior notice to Securityholders. The 
Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of 
the Credit Securities, it will do so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Credit Securities and any 
such modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Credit Securities. 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the terms of the 
Securities to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms or 
market trading conventions, without the consent of Securityholders or prior notice to Securityholders. The 
Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of 
the Securities, it will do so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Securities and any such 
modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Hybrid Securities 
An investment in Hybrid Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Hybrid Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of a number of different Underlying References. Hybrid Linked

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Remuneration Amount Securities pay remuneration amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of a number of 
different Underlying References. 
(D) 
Additional factors relating to certain Underlying References 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to ETIs 
ETI Securities linked to one or more interest in exchange traded instruments reflect the performance of such 
interest in exchange traded instruments. 
An exchange traded instrument may invest in and trade in a variety of investments and financial instruments 
using sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. Such financial instruments and 
investment techniques may include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, short sales of securities, derivative 
transactions, such as swaps, stock options, index options, futures contracts and options on futures, lending of 
securities to certain financial institutions, entry into repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for securities 
and the investment in foreign securities and foreign currencies. 
The amount payable on ETI Securities will be dependent on the performance of the relevant ETI(s) underlying 
the ETI Securities, which may be linked to the reported NAV per ETI Interest, the trading price available on an 
exchange for the relevant ETI Interest and/or the actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a 
hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The amount payable on the ETI Securities may be less 
and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant 
ETI(s) and may be zero. 
Unlike Funds, exchange traded instruments are not actively managed. The value of an interest in an exchange 
traded instrument will decline, more or less, in line with the decline of any securities or the value of any index 
underlying or linked to the relevant exchange traded instrument. Exchange traded instruments involve risks 
similar to those of investing in any equity securities traded on an exchange, such as market fluctuations caused 
by, amongst other things, economic and political developments, changes in interest rates and perceived trends in 
prices of securities. Where the relevant exchange traded instrument is linked to a particular index, the return on 
such exchange traded instrument may not match the return of the particular index. 
Potential investors in ETI Securities should be aware that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the 
Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) and in 
no way guarantee the performance of an exchange traded instrument or the amount payable to holders of ETI 
Securities. 
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the ETI Securities, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to any 
particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in its 
sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the relevant exchange traded 
instrument(s), replicating the performance of the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) or holding any of the 
assets underlying the relevant exchange traded instrument(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of 
different hedging practices with respect to ETI Securities.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Investing directly or indirectly in interests in exchange traded instruments is generally considered to be risky. If 
the exchange traded instrument does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will fall, and may in 
certain circumstances be zero. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or offering circular 
(if any) issued by any relevant exchange traded instrument before purchasing any ETI Securities. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates make any 
representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant exchange traded instrument or any such exchange traded 
instrument's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to Funds 
Where an Issuer issues Fund Securities linked to one or more Funds, the relevant Securities reflect the 
performance of such fund(s). 
Investors in Fund Securities should understand that: 
(i) 
there are market risks associated with an actual investment in the underlying Fund(s), and while the 
Fund Securities do not create an actual interest in the underlying Fund(s), the return on the Fund 
Securities generally involves the same associated risks as an actual investment in the underlying Fund(s). 
The Issuer has not purported and does not purport to be a source of information concerning the market 
risks associated with such underlying Fund or Fund interests; 
(ii) 
third parties, not related to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, may subscribe for and redeem 
underlying fund interests. These investments may affect the performance and volatility of such Fund’s 
net asset value and so subsequently affect, from time to time, the return on the Fund Securities; 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer has no control over the underlying Fund(s) or the performance of such Fund(s) and 
any performance of the underlying Fund(s) necessary for the Fund Securities to yield a specified return 
is not assured. Potential investors in the Fund Securities should understand that the performance of the 
underlying Fund(s) may, depending on the terms of the Fund Securities, strongly affect the value of 
payments on the Fund Securities; 
(iv) 
the value of units in the underlying Fund(s) and the income from it may fluctuate significantly. The 
Issuer makes no representation or warranty about, or guarantee of, the performance of an underlying 
Fund; 
(v) 
the relevant Issuer has not provided and will not provide during the term of the Fund Securities 
prospective investors with any information or advice with respect to the performance of an underlying 
Fund. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Fund Securities may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to an underlying Fund, which will not be provided to the Securityholders; 
(vi) 
the Funds may follow a wide range of investment strategies, invest in assets in a number of different 
countries and invest in assets denominated in a number of different currencies. The returns to the 
Securityholders may, therefore, be materially affected by, among other things, market trends, exchange

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
rate fluctuations and political and economic developments in the relevant countries. This may lead to 
substantial volatility in the net asset value of the Funds; 
(vii) 
the funds may have investment strategies and guidelines that are very broad. They may also be free to 
engage in additional or alternative strategies without reference to any other person including the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the investor; 
(viii) 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes such as debt and equity securities, 
commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, without 
limitation, futures, swaps and options. Such financial instruments and investment techniques may also 
include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, short sales of securities, transactions that involve the 
lending and borrowing of securities to financial institutions, investment in sub-investment grade or non-
readily realizable investments, uncovered options transactions, options and futures transactions and 
foreign exchange transactions and the use of concentrated portfolios, the entry into repurchase and 
reverse repurchase agreements for securities and the investment in foreign securities and foreign 
currencies. While these investment strategies and financial instruments provide the investment manager 
and/or adviser of a Fund the flexibility to implement a range of strategies in an attempt to generate 
positive returns for the Fund, they also create the risk of significant losses and, in certain circumstances, 
may magnify adverse market developments and losses that may adversely affect the value of the Fund 
and therefore the return on the Fund Securities. Potential investors should be aware that none of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made 
by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee the performance of a Fund and therefore the amount due to 
Securityholders on redemption of the Fund Securities;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(ix) 
Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. 
The trading strategies of Funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in which 
they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or 
other supervisory authorities; 
(x) 
the amount payable on Fund Securities will be dependent on the performance of the relevant Fund(s) 
underlying the Fund Securities, which may be linked to the reported NAV per Fund Share and/or the 
actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant Fund(s) would 
receive. The amount payable on the Fund Securities may be less than the amount payable from a direct 
investment in the relevant Fund(s);  
(xi) 
in certain circumstances, a Fund may continue reporting a NAV per Fund Share, but the Hedge Provider 
or a hypothetical investor may not be able to realise their investment in the relevant Fund(s) at such 
reported NAV per Fund Share. In such a case, the return on the Fund Securities may be less and in 
certain circumstances may be significantly less than the reported performance of the relevant Fund(s) 
and may be zero; 
(xii) 
a Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund 
structure involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct 
"feeder" funds invest. Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the 
master fund level. In instances where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Securities are "feeder" 
funds, the Extraordinary Fund Events (see "Other Events relating to Fund Securities" below) extend to 
include the "master" fund and its service providers. In conducting their own due diligence of the relevant 
Fund(s), prospective investors should pay particular attention to whether the relevant Fund(s) are 
established as part of a master-feeder fund structure; 
(xiii) 
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Fund Securities, the Hedge Provider is not 
restricted to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure 
using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in 
the relevant Fund(s), replicating the performance of the relevant Fund(s) or holding any of the assets 
underlying the relevant Fund(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of different hedging 
practices with respect to Fund Securities; 
(xiv) 
the Funds may often rely on a few individuals to determine their investment strategies and to make 
investment decision. The loss of such individuals could jeopardise the performance of the Funds; 
(xv) 
the funds may be engaged in a high level of trading with commensurately high brokerage and transaction 
costs, as well as costs associated with leverage, such as interest payments and margin maintenance. Such 
costs will adversely affect the net asset value of the Funds and so may adversely affect the return on the 
Fund Securities; 
(xvi) 
the Funds will be exposed to credit risks against brokers and other counterparties with which they deal in 
implementing their investment strategies;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(xvii) 
where underlying Funds invest in unlisted shares and certain other assets, risks associated with reduced 
liquidity and lack of objective valuations will arise. Additionally, the underlying Funds may invest in 
emerging markets. This involves risks attributable to nationalisations, expropriation or taxation, currency 
devaluation, foreign exchange control, political, social or diplomatic instability or governmental 
restrictions. The capital markets in such countries have substantially less volume, and are generally less 
liquid and more volatile, than those in more developed markets. Disclosure and regulatory requirements 
could be less stringent than in other markets, with a low level of monitoring and limited and uneven 
enforcements of existing regulations; 
(xviii) 
an underlying Fund may have no or a limited history, with no proven track record in achieving their 
stated investment objectives; 
(xix) 
some or all of the underlying Funds may be wholly unregulated investment vehicles and may trade in 
futures, options, forward exchange contracts and other derivative instruments, which may represent 
significant investment risks. In addition, underlying funds may acquire leveraged trading positions, 
including through the use of borrowing, and may engage in short selling. As a result of leverage, 
relatively small adverse price movements may result in substantial losses; and 
(xx) 
an underlying Fund itself may be subject to fees and charges on its investments which shall be borne by 
such Fund and incorporated in the value of interests in it. 
Risk from composition and changes to a fund 
The management company of a Fund can, without regard to the interests of the investors in the Fund Securities, 
add, delete or substitute any funds by reference to which the value of a fund is calculated or make other 
methodological changes that could change the investment profile of a fund. The management company may also 
determine to discontinue a Fund. If a Fund is discontinued, it may be replaced by other assets and/or the Fund 
Securities may be settled early. 
In the event that a Fund is materially modified or permanently cancelled or the management company fails to 
calculate or announce the NAV per Fund Share, the Calculation Agent will either make such adjustments to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms and conditions of the 
Fund Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Fund Securities 
of such events, or may settle the Fund Securities early. Any of these decisions or determinations may adversely 
impact the value of the Fund Securities. 
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity  
Funds and the assets thereof may be subject to transfer restrictions arising by way of applicable securities laws or 
otherwise. Such restrictions may mean that investors are not entitled to acquire interests in the Funds directly. 
Holders of units or shares (however described) in a Fund may have the right to transfer or withdraw their 
investment in the Fund only at certain times and upon completion of certain documentary formalities and such 
rights may be subject to suspension or alteration. These circumstances may affect the NAV per Fund Share of the 
relevant Funds. Potential investors should familiarise themselves with the features of the Funds in this regard.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Events which affect the value of a Fund will affect the value of Fund Securities  
The occurrence of any of the following events could materially and adversely affect the value of shares or units in 
a Fund, and have a consequent material and adverse effect on the value of Fund Securities:  
• 
Valuation: The valuation of Funds is generally controlled by the management company of the Fund. 
Valuations are performed in accordance the terms and conditions governing the Fund. Such valuations may 
be based upon the unaudited financial records of the Fund and any accounts pertaining thereto. Such 
valuations may be preliminary calculations of the net asset values of the Fund and accounts. The Fund may 
hold a significant number of investments which are illiquid or otherwise not actively traded and in respect of 
which reliable net asset values may be difficult to obtain. In consequence, the management company may 
vary certain quotations for such investments held by the fund in order to reflect its judgement as to the fair 
value thereof. 
Therefore, valuations may be subject to subsequent adjustment upward or downward. Uncertainties as to the 
valuation of fund assets and/or accounts may have an adverse effect on the net asset value of the Fund where 
such judgements regarding valuations prove to be incorrect. 
• 
Trading charges: The performance of a Fund will be affected by the charges incurred thereby relating to the 
investments of such Fund. The Fund may engage in short-term trading which may result in increased 
turnover and associated higher than normal brokerage commissions and other expenses. 
• 
Legal and regulatory changes: Future changes to applicable law or regulation may be adverse to a Fund. 
• 
Performance risk: No assurance can be given relating to the present or future performance of a Fund. The 
performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management company thereof. Certain 
management companies may utilise analytical models upon which investment decisions are based. No 
assurance can be given that these persons will succeed in meeting the investment objectives of the Fund, that 
any analytical model used thereby will prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-term or long-
term prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of investments in which the Funds have invested or will 
invest will prove accurate. 
• 
Effect of exchange rates and exchange controls: The NAV per Fund Share could be adversely affected not 
only by hedging costs and changes in exchange rates, but also by local exchange control regulations and 
other limitations, including currency exchange limitations and political and economic developments in the 
relevant countries. 
• 
Market risks: The markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time as a 
result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency repatriation or 
changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership in companies, and this may affect the net 
asset value at which a fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding 
requirements. 
• 
Hedging risks: A Fund may in certain cases employ various hedging techniques to reduce the risk of

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
investment positions. A substantial risk remains, nonetheless, that such techniques will not always be 
available and when available, will not always be effective in limiting losses. A fund may take substantial 
unhedged positions. 
• 
Interest rate risks: The values of securities held by a Fund (or by any underlying fund) tend to be sensitive to 
interest rate fluctuations and unexpected fluctuations in interest rates could cause the corresponding NAV per 
Fund Share to move in directions which were not initially anticipated. To the extent that interest rate 
assumptions underlie the hedge ratios implemented in hedging a particular position, fluctuations in interest 
rates could invalidate those underlying assumptions and expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Suspension of trading: A securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading in any 
instrument traded on that exchange. A suspension could render it impossible for a Fund to liquidate positions 
and thereby expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Dependence on key individuals: The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its managers. The 
loss of one or more individuals could have a material adverse effect on the ability of a fund manager to direct 
a Fund’s portfolio, resulting in losses for a Fund and a decline in the value of a Fund. Indeed, certain fund 
managers may have only one principal, without whom the relevant fund manager could not continue to 
operate. 
• 
Experience of fund managers: Certain Funds may be managed by investment managers who have managed 
funds for a relatively short period of time. The previous experience of such investment managers is typically 
in trading proprietary accounts of financial institutions or managing unhedged accounts of institutional asset 
managers or other investment firms. As such investment managers do not have direct experience in managing 
Funds, including experience with financial, legal or regulatory considerations unique to fund management, 
and there is generally less information available on which to base an opinion of such managers’ investment 
and management expertise, investments with such investment managers may be subject to greater risk and 
uncertainty than investments with more experienced fund managers. 
• 
Risk of fraud: There is a risk that a fund manager could divert or abscond with the assets, fail to follow 
agreed-upon investment strategies, provide false reports of operations or engage in other misconduct. 
• 
Performance compensation payable to fund managers: The performance-based compensation paid to a fund 
manager is typically calculated on a basis that includes unrealised appreciation and may consequently be 
greater than if such compensation were based solely on realised gains. Each Fund generally calculates its 
own performance compensation based on its individual performance, irrespective of increases in the overall 
value of the Fund. Furthermore, when the Fund is rebalanced and an unprofitable underlying asset is 
removed, the loss carried forward by such Fund’s trading is eliminated for purposes of calculating 
subsequent performance compensation due to the fund manager of any replacement underlying asset. Thus, 
there may be substantial incentive compensation due to the relevant fund manager even during a period when 
the portfolio of assets is incurring significant losses. 
• 
Risks of leverage: A Fund may borrow subject to applicable restrictions provided by laws and typically 
utilise various lines of credit and other forms of leverage. In addition, certain of a Fund’s investment

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
strategies (primarily those utilising derivative instruments) may involve indirect forms of leverage. While 
leverage presents opportunities for increasing a Fund’s total return, it increases the potential risk of loss as 
well. Any event which adversely affects the value of an investment by a fund is magnified to the extent that 
such investment is leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect on issuers in which a Fund invests. The use 
of leverage by a Fund could result in substantial losses which would be greater than if leverage had not been 
used. A Fund’s assets may be further leveraged or hedged by the use of derivatives. In addition, investments 
of a Fund may include investments in partnerships and other pooled investment vehicles, which themselves 
employ leverage to a significant extent. Such investments are subject to the same leverage risks as described 
above and a Fund could lose its entire investment. As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide 
financing to a Fund can apply essentially discretionary margin, haircut, financing and security and collateral 
valuation policies. Changes by banks and dealers in these policies may result in large margin calls, loss of 
financing and forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous net asset values. 
• 
Investment criteria: It may be difficult to specify precisely or comprehensively the strategies of a Fund. As a 
result, it may not sometimes be clear whether or not a Fund fulfils the investment criteria set out in its 
offering document. 
• 
Risks of equity investments: The investment orientation of a Fund may be based to a significant extent on 
equity investments. Investment in equity securities to aggressively seek capital appreciation is speculative 
and is generally perceived to encompass greater risks than those involved in connection with an investment 
in debt securities of comparable issuers. 
• 
Risks of fixed income investments: A Fund may invest in fixed income securities and, therefore, may be 
exposed to the risk of default by the issuers of such securities. Such default may result in delays in payment, 
or non-payment of interest or principal when due. Furthermore, the net asset value of fixed income securities 
may also fluctuate with changes in prevailing interest rates and/or in the creditworthiness of the issuer, and 
these fluctuations may result in a loss of capital by a Fund. 
• 
Risks of collective investment schemes: Some Funds may invest in other collective investment schemes. 
Investment in schemes of this type may afford the investor less transparency in respect of the ultimate assets 
of the scheme. 
• 
Large transactions: Large subscriptions and redemptions may result in the liquidation or dilution of Fund 
assets that may affect the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund. 
• 
Emerging markets: A Fund may invest in securities of governments of, or companies domiciled in, less-
developed or emerging markets. See "Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to emerging 
markets". Custody arrangements in such countries may also present enhanced risk. 
• 
Risks of repos: A Fund may use repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, a security is sold to a 
buyer and at the same time the seller of the security agrees to buy back the security at a later date at a higher 
net asset value. In the event of a bankruptcy or other default of the transferor of securities in a repurchase 
agreement, a Fund could experience delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including 
possible declines in the value of the collateral during the period while it seeks to enforce its rights thereto;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
possible subnormal levels of income and lack of access to income during this period and the expenses of 
enforcing its rights. In the case of a default by the transferee of securities in a repurchase agreement, the 
management company bears the risk that the transferee may not deliver the securities when required. 
• 
Risks of currency speculation: A Fund may engage in exchange rate speculation. Foreign exchange rates 
have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of volatility and leverage gives rise to the 
possibility of large profit but also carries a high risk of loss. In addition, there is counterparty credit risk since 
foreign exchange trading is done on a principal to principal basis. 
• 
Risks of commodity futures: Commodity futures prices can be highly volatile. As a result of the low margin 
deposits normally required in futures trading, an extremely high degree of leverage is typical of a futures 
trading account. As a result, a relatively small price movement in a futures contract may result in substantial 
losses to the investor. Like other leveraged investments, a futures transaction may result in losses in excess of 
the amount invested. 
• 
Risks of derivative instruments: A Fund may use derivative instruments, such as collateralised debt 
obligations, stripped mortgage-backed securities, options and swaps. There are uncertainties as to how the 
derivatives market will perform during periods of unusual price volatility or instability, market illiquidity or 
credit distress. Substantial risks are also involved in borrowing and lending against such instruments. The 
prices of these instruments are volatile, market movements are difficult to predict and financing sources and 
related interest rates are subject to rapid change. One or more markets may move against the positions held 
by a Fund, thereby causing substantial losses. Most of these instruments are not traded on exchanges but 
rather through an informal network of banks and dealers. These banks and dealers have no obligation to 
make markets in these instruments and may apply essentially discretionary margin and credit requirements 
(and thus, in effect, force a Fund to close out its relevant positions). In addition, such instruments carry the 
additional risk of failure to perform by the counterparty to the transaction. Government policies, especially 
those of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and non-U.S. central banks, have profound effects on interest and 
exchange rates which, in turn, affect prices of derivative instruments. Many other unforeseeable events, 
including actions by various government agencies and domestic and international political events, may cause 
sharp market fluctuations. 
• 
Risks of short selling: A Fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes a fund to theoretically 
unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the price to which a security may rise. Short selling 
involves the sale of borrowed stock. If a stock loan is called, the short seller may be forced to repurchase the 
stock at a loss. In addition, some traders may attempt to profit by forcing short sellers to incur a loss. Traders 
may make large purchases of a stock that has been sold short. The large purchases are intended to drive up 
the stock price, and cause the short sellers to incur losses. By doing this, the traders hope the short sellers will 
limit their losses by repurchasing the stock and force the stock price even higher. 
• 
Risks of arbitrage: The use of arbitrage strategies by a Fund in no respect should be taken to imply that such 
strategies are without risk. Substantial losses may be incurred on ‘‘hedge’’ or ‘‘arbitrage’’ positions, and 
illiquidity and default on one side of a position may effectively result in the position being transformed into 
an outright speculation. Every arbitrage strategy involves exposure to some second order risk of the market,

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
such as the implied volatility in convertible bonds or warrants, the yield spread between similar term 
government bonds or the net asset value spread between different classes of stock for the same underlying 
firm. Further, there are few examples of ‘‘pure’’ arbitrage funds. Most Funds also employ limited directional 
strategies which expose them to market risk.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
• 
Credit risk: Many of the markets in which a fund effects its transactions are ‘‘over-the-counter’’ or "inter-
dealer" markets. The participants in these markets are typically not subject to credit evaluation and regulatory 
oversight as are members of ‘‘exchange based’’ markets. To the extent that a Fund invests in swaps, 
derivatives or synthetic instruments, or other over-the-counter transactions in these markets, such Fund may 
take a credit risk with regard to parties with which it trades and also may bear the risk of settlement default. 
These risks may differ materially from those involved in exchange-traded transactions, which generally are 
characterised by clearing organisation guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement, and segregation 
and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions entered into directly between 
two counterparties generally do not benefit from these protections, which in turn may subject a Fund to the 
risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a 
dispute over the terms of the contract or because of a credit or liquidity problem. Such "counterparty risk" is 
increased for contracts with longer maturities when events may intervene to prevent settlement. The ability of 
a Fund to transact business with any one or any number of counterparties, the lack of any independent 
evaluation of the counterparties or their financial capabilities, and the absence of a regulated market to 
facilitate settlement, may increase the potential for losses. 
• 
Risks relating to controlling stakes: A Fund may take controlling stakes in companies. The exercise of 
control over a company imposes additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, 
failure to supervise and other types of related liability. 
As the shares of certain funds may only be redeemable on certain dates, there is a risk of delays or defaults in 
payment  
The shares of a Fund may only be redeemable on certain redemption dates, subject to the prescribed notice period 
in respect of such Fund. This gives rise to a time delay between the execution of an order for redemption and 
payment of the proceeds on such redemption. If the Fund becomes insolvent following the date on which a 
redemption order would have to be notionally placed or the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Fund 
would fail to pay to any shareholder in cash the full redemption proceeds owing to them if they redeemed their 
shares on the relevant date, an adjustment may be made by the Calculation Agent when calculating the return on 
the Securities to the NAV per Fund Share of the relevant Fund, thereby reducing the return on the Securities. 
The market price of Fund Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the settlement date 
and the volatility of the price of fund share(s) or unit(s). The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected by 
the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be traded. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in Funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying Fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Security will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to emerging markets 
Each Issuer may issue Securities where the amount payable on settlement or the remuneration payable is linked to 
Underlying References which consist of (i) securities, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers that are

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated 
in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or 
developing countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in 
such Securities, including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental 
policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, 
possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application 
of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Securities 
traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In 
addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in 
developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of the 
jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various circumstances, 
including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalisation and record access) may also 
arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event (or other Adjustment Event under the relevant legal terms as set out further in the General 
Security Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain 
developing or emerging markets. Prospective investors are expected to conduct their own enquiries and be 
satisfied that there are additional risks associated with investments linked to the performance of underlying assets 
located in these markets. 
Exchange control risks 
Potential investors should be aware that there is the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or the currency in which the Underlying Reference is 
denominated, such as government and monetary authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the 
past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or transfer of funds in and out of 
the country. It is impossible to predict whether the value of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall 
during the term of the Securities.  
(E)  
Additional factors relating to disruption and adjustments 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs (other than in respect of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Securities may be subject 
to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of 
Shares), early settlement or the amount payable on scheduled settlement may be different from the amount 
expected to be paid at scheduled settlement.  
The Additional Disruption Events relate to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory capital 
requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the Securities (both as 
more fully set out in the Conditions).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs: 
(I) 
subject as provided in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will 
be delivered on the originally designated Settlement Date; and 
(I) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement, the Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security, by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date 
that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities. 
Market Disruption Events or failure to open of an exchange 
If an issue of Securities includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or failure 
to open of an exchange on a date for valuation of an Underlying Reference and the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such valuation date, 
any consequential postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any 
Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities.  
The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in relation to any Underlying 
Reference comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Securities related to such basket. In 
addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the relevant Settlement Date. 
Adjustment events relating to Index Securities 
In the case of Index Securities, if a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the Index but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor or successor entity, as the case may 
be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index will be deemed to be the Index.  
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being an "Index 
Adjustment Event") may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or price (if the Calculation 
Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities), (ii) early settlement of the 
Securities or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled settlement of the Securities being different from the amount 
expected to be paid at scheduled settlement. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to Share Securities 
In the case of Share Securities, following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if 
any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to 
the relevant Share). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share 
Securities. 
Extraordinary Events relating to Share Securities 
In the case of Share Securities the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the Share Security 
Conditions) in relation to a Share, may lead to:  
(A) 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Securities (including, in the case of Share Securities linked to a 
Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares); 
(B) 
early settlement in whole or, in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, in part or the 
amount payable on scheduled settlement being different from the amount expected to be paid at 
scheduled settlement; 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent making an adjustment to any terms of the Securities which corresponds to any 
adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchanges(s) or quotation 
system(s)) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Option Exchange") or, if options on the 
Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, if any, to 
any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the 
Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded. 
Following such settlement, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the relevant proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the effective return on the relevant Securities being settlement and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate, and potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event in relation to a 
Share may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities. 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to ETI Securities 
In the case of ETI Securities, following the declaration by the relevant exchange traded instruments or any person 
appointed to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such exchange traded instrument, as the case may 
be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest).  
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities. 
Extraordinary Events relating to ETI Securities 
In the case of ETI Securities if certain events ("Extraordinary ETI Events") including events relating to Global 
Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Change in Related Parties/Key Persons Events, Modification 
Events, 
Net 
Asset 
Value/Investment/AUM 
Level 
Events, 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory 
Events, 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the relevant Issuer may acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner adjust the terms of the Securities to reflect such event, 
substitute the relevant ETI Interests or redeem the Securities. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Securities. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the ETI Security Conditions, including in particular the action it takes on 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory obligations, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the 
Securityholders of the ETI Securities. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss 
in performance of the ETI Securities than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Market Disruption Events relating to Commodity Securities 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing on a date for valuation then: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, will 
calculate the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount and/or make another 
relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant affected Commodity or Index Component with a 
Commodity or Index Component selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out in the Commodity 
Security Conditions and will make such adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; 
or  
(C) 
the Issuer will redeem the Securities.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Consequently the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity, Commodity Index or 
Index Component may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities. 
Adjustment Events relating to Commodity Index Securities 
In the case of a Securities linked to a Commodity Index, if a relevant Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the Commodity Index but is calculated and announced by a 
successor sponsor or successor entity, as the case may be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by 
a successor Commodity Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then, in each 
case, that Commodity Index will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. The occurrence of a Commodity Index 
Modification, Commodity Index Cancellation or Commodity Index Disruption (each being a "Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event") may lead to: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent determining the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a published level, the Commodity 
Fallback Value (if the Calculation Agent determines such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities); or 
(B) 
early settlement of the Securities. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities. 
Other events relating to Fund Securities 
In the case of Fund Securities, if certain events ("Extraordinary Fund Events") including events relating to 
Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events, Modification 
Events, NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events, Reporting Events, Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events, 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events, Dealing Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the Issuer may, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, adjust the terms of the Securities to reflect such 
event, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or redeem the Securities. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Securities. 
In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by 
the Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for settlement, such settlement date may be postponed for a 
period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no 
additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the Fund Security Conditions, including in particular the action it takes on 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory obligations, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the 
Securityholders of the Fund Securities. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss 
in performance of the Fund Securities than if the Issuer had taken different action.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Settlement Disruption Events 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Delivery 
Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no 
Settlement Disruption Event. The relevant Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. As further described below, the 
Disruption Cash Settlement may be less than the fair market value of the Entitlement. 
The occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event may lead to postponement or payment in an alternative 
currency 
If "FX Settlement Disruption" applies to the Securities, and the Calculation Agent determines on the second 
Business Day prior to the relevant due date for payment (the "FX Disrupted Payment Date") that a FX 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, investors should be aware that payments under the 
relevant Securities may (i) occur at a different time than expected and that no additional remuneration amount 
will be payable in respect of any delay in payment of any amount under the relevant Securities and (ii) be made in 
USD (the "FX Settlement Disruption Currency"). In certain circumstances, the rate of exchange used to 
convert the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency into the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, may not 
be the market rate of exchange for such currencies, and in some cases, may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Option to Vary Settlement 
 If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, elect to vary the settlement of the Securities, by (i) in the case 
of cash settled securities, delivering or procuring delivery of the Entitlement instead of making payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount to the relevant Securityholders or (ii) in the case of physical delivery securities, making 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount to the relevant Securityholders instead of delivering or procuring 
delivery of the Entitlement.  
Option to Substitute Assets or to Pay the Alternate Cash Settlement Amount 
The Issuer may if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise assets which are not freely 
tradable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant 
Asset or Relevant Assets or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant holders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant 
holders on the Settlement Date of the Alternate Settlement Cash Amount.  
(F) 
Securities Subject to Settlement at the Option of the Issuer, Other Early Settlement (including Automatic 
Early Settlement) and Consequences of Early Settlement 
An optional, other early settlement feature (including an Automatic Early Settlement feature) is likely to limit the 
market value of the Securities. In the case of Securities having an optional settlement feature, during any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to settle the relevant Securities, the market value of those Securities generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be settled. This also may be true prior to any

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
settlement period. In addition, the Final Terms may provide that the relevant Securities shall be settled early in 
specified circumstances, such as the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Automatic Early Settlement Event. Following an optional or early settlement 
(including an Automatic Early Settlement), a Securityholder generally would not be able to reinvest the 
settlement proceeds (if any) at an effective interest rate as high as the remuneration rate on the relevant Securities 
being settled, and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence the Securityholder 
may lose some or all of their investment. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, in the case of Securities with an Automatic Early Settlement 
feature, the value of the Securities and the amount that Securityholders receive upon an Automatic Early 
Settlement may not correlate with the value of the Underlying Reference, which may trigger such Automatic 
Early Settlement. 
(G) 
Remuneration 
Application of multipliers in respect of the determination of the Remuneration Rate 
To the extent that Rate Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Remuneration Rate for Securities which pay remuneration at a floating rate, investors should be aware that any 
fluctuation of the underlying floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Rate Multiplier or 
Reference Rate Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely affect the return on the Securities which pay 
remuneration at a floating rate. 
Maximum/Minimum Remuneration Rate 
Potential investors should also consider that where the underlying remuneration rate does not rise above the level 
of the Minimum Remuneration Rate, comparable investments in securities which pay interest based on a fixed 
rate which is higher than the Minimum Remuneration Rate are likely to be more attractive to potential investors 
than an investment in the Securities. Under those conditions, investors in the Securities might find it difficult to 
sell their Securities on the secondary market (if any) or might only be able to realise the Securities at a price 
which may be substantially lower than the notional amount. To the extent a Maximum Remuneration Rate 
applies, investors should be aware that the Remuneration Rate is capped at such Maximum Remuneration Rate 
level. Consequently, investors may not participate in any increase of market interest rates, which may also 
negatively affect the market value of the Securities. 
Remuneration Barrier Event 
Potential investors should also consider that where the Securities provide for the application of a Remuneration 
Barrier Event, upon the occurrence of such event the Securities will cease to bear remuneration. In such cases, 
investors will receive the Remuneration Amount on the immediately following Remuneration Payment Date and, 
thereafter, there will be no further Remuneration Payment Dates and no further Remuneration Amount will be 
payable. In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Remuneration Barrier Event is applicable and 
"No Remuneration for Remuneration Period" is applicable and a Remuneration Barrier Event occurs, no 
Remuneration Amount will be payable on the next following Remuneration Payment Date.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Remuneration linked to an Underlying Reference 
Remuneration payable on Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates may be determined by reference to an 
Underlying Reference or combinations of a number of different Underlying References. Potential investors 
should be aware that: 
(A) 
the market price of such Securities may be volatile; 
(B) 
they may receive no remuneration; 
(C) 
payment of remuneration may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(D) 
an Underlying Reference may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(E) 
if an Underlying Reference is applied to Certificates in conjunction with a weighting greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Underlying Reference on remuneration 
payable will be magnified; 
(F) 
the timing of changes in an Underlying Reference may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations (in general, the earlier the change in the Underlying 
Reference, the greater the effect on yield); and 
(G) 
remuneration may only be payable and/or calculated in respect of certain specified days and/or periods 
on or during which the Underlying Reference or its value equals, exceeds and/or is less than certain 
specified thresholds. 
 
(H) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk that may be relevant in connection with an investment in Securities: 
The secondary market generally 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Securities that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Securities.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
The Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Securities from the Securityholders. However, should the relevant 
Issuer decide to purchase the Securities, the secondary market pricing that the relevant Issuer may provide on the 
Securities may reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any). 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions is specified as being applicable to the Certificates in the relevant Final Terms, 
investors should be aware that Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and/or MBFL have issued the Certificates 
also for the purpose of entering into, from time to time, in certain Underlying Transactions. In this respect, the 
value of the Certificates shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of such Underlying 
Transactions. The composition of the Underlying Transaction will be made available to the investors in 
accordance with the method of publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the relevant Issuer in its reasonable discretion, 
the relevant maturity and notional amount of such Underlying Transactions may be, respectively, longer or higher 
than the Maturity Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Certificates, and the relevant composition is subject 
to change during the life of the Certificates. Any changes in the composition of the Underlying Transaction could 
adversely affect the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the value of the Certificates.  
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by the relevant Issuer, acting in its capacity as 
Calculation Agent, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner and with reference to the market, could 
adversely affect the repurchase price, if any, of the Certificates. Therefore in the event that an investor requests 
the Issuer to repurchase the Certificates hold by it prior to their maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, 
the price of the Certificates (Buy Back Price) will be determined taking into consideration the Market Value of 
such Underlying Transactions. In particular, investors should note that the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions could adversely and materially affect the Buy Back Price payable to the relevant investor, 
particularly where the Underlying Transactions have a maturity and notional amount longer or higher, 
respectively, than the Settlement Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Certificates.  
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely payments of any 
amounts due and performance of any non-cash delivery obligations under the Certificates. As consideration of the 
Issuer entering into the Underlying Transactions in relation to the Certificates, the Issuer will pay an Extra Yield 
on the Certificates.  
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall apply only to Certificates where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International act as Dealers and where the Notional Amount of Certificates is equal to at least Euro 100,000 (or 
its equivalent amount if issued in a different currency). 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay amounts on the Securities in the Settlement Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency or revaluation of the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Investor's Currency or due to the official redenomination of the Settlement Currency and/or Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement Currency and/or the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Settlement Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities (ii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Securities and (iii) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Securities. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done 
in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest, principal or other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Securities are legal investments for it, (ii) Securities can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Each prospective 
investor should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that certain specific information relating to the Securities (such as certain 
amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) used to determine or calculate amounts 
payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities) may not be fixed or determined until the end of the offer 
period. In such case, the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant amounts, levels, percentages, prices, 
rates or values (as applicable), an indicative range of amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as 
applicable).  
The actual amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value, applicable to the Securities will be determined by the 
Issuer from within the range and will be made public prior to the Issue Date. The actual rate, level or percentage, 
as applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
Prospective investors will be required to make their investment decision based on the indicative range rather than 
the actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), which will only be fixed after the 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Securities once issued.  
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms in respect of amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates 
or values (as applicable), prospective investors should, assume that the actual amounts, levels, percentages, 
prices, rates or values (as applicable) fixed or determined at the end of the offer period may have a negative 
impact on the amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities and consequently, have an 
adverse impact on the return on the Securities (when compared with other amounts, levels, percentages, prices, 
rates or values (as applicable) within any indicative range). Prospective investors should therefore make their 
decision to invest in the Securities on that basis.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the 
Securities 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Securities, as any distributors or other entities 
involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Securities as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, will act 
pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services 
performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
Impact of costs and fees on the value of the Securities 
Investors should note that issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include fees (e.g. subscription fees, 
placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees (normally paid by the Issuer to the relevant intermediaries), fees 
received by the different entities performing activities in connection with an Underlying Reference) and/or other 
additional costs. Any such fees and costs may not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities on the secondary market (which will also depend on the prevailing market conditions) and 
could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the 
Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such 
difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities, particularly immediately following the offer 
and the issue date relating to such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at 
which such Securities can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Securities 
If Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw the 
offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and to cancel the issuance of the Securities. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Securities will be 
entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any compensation that may have accrued in the 
period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of such amounts. 
The Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may also terminate the offer early by 
immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount 
for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached. In such 
circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued 
and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Securities. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other 
entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone 
the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment dates and the maturity date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this right applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement to the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
In case of overallotment of the Securities, the investors should consider that subscription applications validly 
submitted may not be satisfied.  
If indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will use the SeDeX for the distribution of the Securities according to 
the provisions of the rules governing SeDeX from time to time (the "SeDeX Rules"). In this case, Borsa Italiana 
shall verify the admission requirements of the Issuer and of the Securities and shall receive the request for 
admission to trading. Following this, Borsa Italiana shall admit the Securities to trading and commence trading of 
purchase and sales contracts on the market. At the end of the sale phase, if successful, and subject to compliance 
with the requirements laid down in the SeDeX Rules, the admission shall become final and Borsa Italiana shall 
establish the date for the start of trading on the SeDex. The circumstance that, pursuant to this distribution 
process, potential investors can monitor (via market operators) the progress of the proposed purchases of the 
Securities during the offer period, may have an impact on the progress and results of the offer. 
If the issue of the Securities does not take place because the admission requirements laid down in the SeDeX 
Rules are not satisfied, the admission decision shall cease to be effective and the contracts executed shall be 
considered as null and void. The contracts concluded during the distribution phase via electronic trading systems 
cannot be revoked unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
Similar procedures might apply to other trading venues. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is conditional upon 
admission to listing or to trading on the relevant regulated market and/or multilateral trading facility indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to listing or 
trading of the Securities does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the 
offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a 
consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Securities, any subscription rights the potential investor 
has for the Securities will be cancelled and he/she will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Listing of Securities 
In respect of Securities which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a regulated 
market and/or admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility, the relevant Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to maintain such listing and/or multilateral trading facility, provided that if it becomes impracticable 
or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then the relevant Issuer may apply to de-list the 
relevant Securities, although in this case it will use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the relevant de-listing) an alternative admission to listing and/or trading within or 
outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, impracticable or 
unduly burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained. 
(I) 
Risks Relating to Secured Securities 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Mortgaged Property.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Collateral 
If the Securities are Secured Securities in order to secure its obligations MBFL will grant to the Security Trustee 
on behalf of the Securityholders security over the Collateral Assets or its rights in respect of the Collateral Assets. 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms then the 
Counterparty may be obliged under the Transfer Agreement, Credit Support Document and/or any Additional 
Charged Agreement to transfer the relevant Collateral Assets to MBFL from time to time. The purpose of the 
Charged Agreements may also be to allow MBFL to perform its scheduled obligations under the Secured 
Securities, all as described more fully in the applicable Final Terms. Where Collateral Arrangements Only is 
specified as applying the Final Terms it will be the responsibility of MBFL or, failing MBFL, the Guarantor, to 
provide the relevant Charged Assets and MBFL may have certain obligations or rights to adjust the Collateral 
Assets from time to time.  
Shortfall on Realisation of Mortgaged Property 
If the Securities are Secured Securities the security provided for a Series of Securities is limited to the Mortgaged 
Property in respect of such Series. The proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the 
sums due to the Securityholder in respect of such Series. In the event that a Shortfall exists, MBFL or, failing 
MBFL, the Guarantor, shall remain liable for the Shortfall pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee. Any Shortfall 
will constitute an unsecured claim by the Securityholder against MBFL or, if MBFL fails to make payment of 
such amount, the Guarantor. Investors should be aware that they are therefore exposed to the creditworthiness of 
MBFL and the Guarantor. In the event of the insolvency of MBFL and the Guarantor, investors may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment. 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms, then pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Charged Agreement(s) and if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, MBFL and 
the Counterparty may transfer amounts of cash or securities to each other by way of credit support from time to 
time. Such amounts when held by MBFL will comprise part of the Collateral Assets. Investors should review 
carefully the provisions relating to the Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements to understand the effect of 
these on the Secured Securities. One possible approach is that the Counterparty may calculate the fair market 
value of the Secured Securities and the fair market value of Collateral Assets (taking into account all factors 
which the Counterparty deems relevant), and provided that no account shall be taken of the financial condition of 
(i) MBFL which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its respective obligations under the Secured 
Securities or (ii) the Guarantor which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations under the 
Secured Securities Guarantee, and on such periodic basis as set out in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant 
Charged Agreement(s). In the event that on the date of valuation there is a mismatch between the fair market 
value of the Collateral Assets and the fair market value of the Secured Securities, the Counterparty shall deliver 
Collateral Assets and, as applicable, MBFL shall redeliver Collateral Assets to the Counterparty pursuant to the 
Credit Support Document, if applicable. If, prior to a valuation date, the fair market value of the Secured 
Securities increases, or the fair market value of the Collateral Assets decreases, investors will be exposed to the 
mismatch between the fair market value of the Secured Securities and the fair market value of the Collateral 
Assets until the next valuation date.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms the terms of the Secured 
Securities may provide that the Collateral Assets may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of Secured 
Security Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets). Such adjustment will be as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and may be in whole or in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment may involve 
MBFL topping up, removing, maintaining and/or substituting Collateral Assets and this may diminish or have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Collateral Assets in some circumstances. 
The following considerations apply principally where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying the 
Final Terms. However it is possible that similar features may be relevant where Charged Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms: 
• 
The relevant adjustment rights of MBFL in respect of the Collateral Assets where applicable will be specified 
in the Final Terms. In the case where MBFL has the right but not the obligation to top up the Collateral 
Assets, holders of the Secured Securities should be aware that no assurance expressed or implied can be 
given that in any circumstances MBFL will exercise its right to provide any additional Collateral Assets. As a 
result Collateral Assets may be limited to the Initial Collateral Assets at all times. 
• 
Where specified in the Final Terms, MBFL may have the right to remove excess Collateral Assets at any 
time to the extent that they are not then required to meet the relevant coverage requirement specified in the 
Final Terms. However, in this case investors should note that MBFL may be under no obligation to return the 
Collateral Assets at any time following the removal. It is possible that the relevant coverage requirement in 
respect of the Collateral Assets will not be met. As a result the Collateral Assets will be less than if MBFL 
had not exercised such right. 
• 
In certain cases MBFL may have the right to substitute Collateral Assets and this may either be with the 
requirement that the value of the Collateral Asset immediately following the substitution remains at least 
equal to their value immediately prior to the substitution or it may be by reference to the requirement that the 
relevant coverage requirement for the Collateral Assets continues to be met immediately following the 
substitution. Where MBFL exercises any substitution right this may have a detrimental effect on the available 
Collateral Assets and their quality which may be disadvantageous to the holders of the Secured Securities. 
Any such substitution right may be exercised any number of times. 
Investors should note that MBFL will only have an obligation to maintain the Collateral Assets where this is so 
specified in the Final Terms. In this case the maintenance obligation may be by reference to the nominal value of 
Collateral Assets or otherwise the value of the Collateral Assets determined in the manner as specified in the 
terms and conditions and the Final Terms. Investors should review carefully these provisions in order to 
understand clearly the way in which these may operate and their effect on the value of the Secured Securities. In 
the event that under Secured Security Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets), MBFL or under the Credit 
Support Document (if applicable) the Counterparty is required to deliver additional Collateral Assets, the MBFL 
and/or the Counterparty shall do so as soon as practicable following the relevant valuation date. There may be a 
delay between the valuation date and the date on which MBFL and/or the Counterparty is able to deliver such 
additional Collateral Assets and investors will be exposed to the mismatch between the fair market value of the 
Secured Securities and the value of the Collateral Assets during such period.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interest between the Investors and the Counterparty 
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Securityholder and 
the Counterparty, which is likely to be an affiliate of MBFL. Neither the Counterparty nor its affiliates is required 
to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the Securityholder and may pursue actions and take such steps 
that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its interests without regard to the consequences for the 
Securityholder. In particular, the interests of the Counterparty may be adverse to those of the Securityholder. The 
terms of the Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document require the Counterparty to 
make certain determinations and exercise certain discretions (including as to the value of the Secured Securities 
and the Collateral Assets) and it may make such determinations and exercise such discretions without any regard 
for the interests of the Securityholder. 
Collateral Management 
In respect of certain Series of Secured Securities MBFL and, where applicable, the Counterparty may each 
appoint one or more agents to perform custodial and administrative functions relating to their obligations under 
the Secured Securities, the Transfer Agreement, the Collateral Assets or the Credit Support Document, as 
applicable. Such delegation shall not relieve MBFL or the Counterparty, where applicable, of their obligations 
under the Secured Securities, the relevant Transfer Agreement, the Collateral Assets or Credit Support Document, 
as applicable, and MBFL or the Counterparty shall be liable for the acts and omissions of their agents. In 
addition, a failure by any agent to perform its duties and obligations with respect to the Collateral Assets, or the 
occurrence of any adverse event in relation to any of those entities, may adversely affect the availability of the 
Collateral Assets, and consequently adversely affect the realisation of the Mortgaged Property. 
Possible mandatory settlement or cancellation following termination of the Transfer Agreement or Credit 
Support Document 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms then if the 
Transfer Agreement or, if applicable, Credit Support Document is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to 
its stated date of termination, MBFL may, if such right is specified in the Final Terms, settle or cancel, as 
applicable, the Secured Securities in whole but not in part by payment of the Security Termination Amount. 
Following such settlement or cancellation an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption or 
cancellation proceeds in a comparable security with an effective return as high as the return on the relevant 
Securities. 
If the Transfer Agreement or Credit Support Document, as applicable, is terminated as a result of an event of 
default, the Security will, if so specified in the Final Terms, become enforceable. 
Fluctuations in the value of the Mortgaged Property 
The Collateral Assets may be subject to fluctuations in value. Investors should note that the value of the 
Collateral Assets may decrease between the time at which the Security becomes enforceable and the realisation of 
the Mortgaged Property.  In extraordinary circumstances, the Mortgaged Property available at the time at which 
the Security becomes enforceable could completely lose its value by the time of realisation.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Substitution of the Collateral Assets at the option of the Counterparty and Counterparty control 
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Pursuant to the terms of the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, the 
Counterparty may substitute existing Collateral Assets for Eligible Collateral. The Counterparty is not required to 
obtain the consent of MBFL or the Security Trustee prior to such substitution. The Counterparty may substitute 
the Collateral Assets any number of times over the term of the Secured Securities. 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final Terms, pursuant to the 
terms of the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, Collateral Assets will be (a) 
delivered to MBFL, (b) returned to the Counterparty, or (c) substituted, and in each case the selection of such 
Collateral Assets will be at the direction of the Counterparty.  
Lack of diversification of the Mortgaged Property 
Investors should note that it is possible the Collateral Assets will have low diversification; in other words, the 
Collateral Assets may be limited to one or few assets. Such low diversification increases the risk that the proceeds 
of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the sums due to the holders of the Secured Securities. 
Application of Proceeds 
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Investors should note that in relation to a Series of Securities and in respect of the net proceeds of 
realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Mortgaged Property, if "Counterparty Priority Basis" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the claims of the Counterparty to such proceeds will be senior to and 
therefore rank ahead of the claims of the holders of the Secured Securities. 
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Mortgaged Property in the event of the insolvency of MBFL 
In the event of the insolvency of MBFL, the realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be delayed either by the 
insolvency administrator appointed in relation MBFL or by measures ordered by the competent court. Such delay 
could adversely affect the position of the holders of the Secured Securities in the event of depreciation of the 
value of the Mortgaged Property during such delay. 
Risks arising on an insolvency of the Counterparty in relation to a Credit Support Document 
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. In the event that MBFL enters into a Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, a Credit Support Document 
with the Counterparty in respect of a Series of Securities, the Counterparty will transfer Collateral Assets to 
MBFL. In the event that a liquidator or administrator were to be appointed in respect of the business and property 
of the Counterparty, no assurance can be given that the effect of the such transfers will be to remove the 
Collateral Assets from the property of the Counterparty available to a liquidator or administrator of the 
Counterparty for distribution to the general creditors of the Counterparty.   
It is possible that a liquidator or administrator appointed in relation to the business and property of the 
Counterparty may commence proceedings to challenge the validity and effectiveness of the Transfer Agreement 
and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document for the purpose of including the Collateral Assets in the property

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
and estate of the Counterparty. If insolvency proceedings were commenced in respect of the Counterparty, and in 
particular against MBFL in relation to the Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document, 
delays in realising the Mortgaged Property, possible reductions in the realisation amount of the Mortgaged 
Property and limitations on the exercise of remedies in relation to the enforcement of the Security could occur. 
SFTR (Article 15) Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements Risk Disclosure 
In respect of any Series of Secured Securities, MBFL may have entered into, or may enter into, one or more "title 
transfer collateral arrangements" (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as defined 
below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as 
defined below)) (each such arrangement, a "Title Transfer Arrangement") with a Counterparty in respect of 
such Series of Secured Securities. The Title Transfer Arrangement may take the form of a credit support annex to 
an ISDA Master Agreement (which may constitute a Transfer Agreement including a Credit Support Annex), a 
global master repurchase agreement as published by the International Capital Market Association and Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (which may constitute a Transfer Agreement) or another form that 
provides for collateralisation on a title transfer basis. 
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) ("EU SFTR") and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), the transferee 
of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the transferor of such securities of the 
general risks and consequences that may be involved in entering into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks are 
detailed below and are also relevant for Securityholders even though they will not be party directly to any Title 
Transfer Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where MBFL is a transferor of securities under a Title 
Transfer Arrangement.  
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer Arrangement is referred to as the 
"Transferor", the person to whom such securities are transferred is referred to as the "Transferee" and the 
Collateral Assets for a Series of Secured Securities will be the securities which may be transferred under a Title 
Transfer Arrangement.  
Loss of proprietary rights in Collateral Assets 
The rights, including any proprietary rights that a Transferor has in Collateral Assets transferred to a Transferee 
will be replaced (subject to any security granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery 
of equivalent Collateral Assets, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes 
insolvent or defaults under the Title Transfer Arrangement, the Transferor's claim for delivery of equivalent 
Collateral Assets will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement and 
applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such equivalent Collateral Assets (although the 
Transferor's exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement and/or other liabilities it has to the Transferee under any other Title Transfer Arrangement or other 
agreement can be netted or set-off against the obligation of the Transferee to deliver equivalent Collateral Assets

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
to the Transferor). 
Where MBFL is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Collateral Assets, such securities will cease to form part of 
the Mortgaged Property so Securityholders will no longer have the benefit of security over such securities. In the 
event of the Counterparty (as Transferee) becoming insolvent or otherwise defaulting, the Mortgaged Property 
will not include equivalent Collateral Assets which MBFL might otherwise have been expecting to receive. In 
these circumstances, Securityholders should be aware that the net proceeds of enforcement and/or realisation, as 
applicable, of the Mortgaged Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under 
the relevant Series of Secured Securities and consequently the Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of the 
Counterparty (as Transferee). 
Where the Counterparty is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Collateral Assets, MBFL's obligations to transfer 
equivalent Collateral Assets in respect of the Title Transfer Arrangement, amongst other things, will be secured 
by the Mortgaged Property in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. The Counterparty will not have 
any proprietary rights in the Collateral Assets transferred to MBFL. If MBFL defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, although the Counterparty's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets will benefit from 
security granted by MBFL, the Counterparty's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets may, as a result 
of the applicable payment waterfall, be subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other parties in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the equivalent Collateral Assets (although 
the Transferor's exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title 
Transfer Arrangement and/or other liabilities it has to the Transferee under any other Title Transfer Arrangement 
or other agreement can be netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to deliver equivalent Collateral 
Assets to the Transferor). 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
In the event that a resolution process (i.e. the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the failure 
of a firm in an orderly fashion) is commenced by a resolution authority under any relevant resolution regime in 
relation to the Transferee, then (i) any rights that the Transferor may have to take any action against the 
Transferee, such as to terminate the Title Transfer Arrangement, may be subject to a stay by the relevant 
resolution authority and (ii) the Transferor's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets may be reduced (in 
part or in full) or converted into equity or (iii) a transfer of assets or liabilities may result in the Transferor's claim 
against the Transferee being transferred to different entities, although the Transferor may be protected to the 
extent that the exercise of resolution powers is restricted by the availability of set-off or netting rights.  
Where MBFL is the Transferor, this means that MBFL may not be able to immediately enforce its rights against 
the Counterparty and its rights may be altered by operation of law or contract. Securityholders will be exposed to 
the risk of such delay and alteration of rights against the Counterparty. 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Collateral Assets 
The Transferor in respect of any Collateral Assets will not be entitled to exercise, or direct the Transferee to 
exercise (subject to the terms of the Security Trust Deed in the event that the Counterparty is the Transferor) any

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Collateral Assets. 
Securityholders should be aware that where the Transferor is MBFL, the Securityholders will not have any right 
under the Security Trust Deed to direct MBFL to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the 
Collateral Assets. 
No information provided in respect of Collateral Assets 
The Transferee will have title to any Collateral Assets and may or may not continue to hold such Collateral 
Assets and as such it will have no obligation to inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions in 
relation to any Collateral Assets. 
Where MBFL is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to Securityholders that they will be 
informed of events affecting any Collateral Assets. 
Illiquid Collateral Assets 
The Collateral Assets may comprise assets which are not admitted to any public trading market and may therefore 
be illiquid and not readily realisable. 
Further issues 
Further Secured Securities may be issued by MBFL that are fungible with the original Secured Securities of a 
Series in certain circumstances. The additional Collateral Assets which MBFL must provide for such further 
Secured Securities relative to the aggregate notional amount of the further Secured Securities may be such as to 
affect the value of the original security provided for the Secured Securities. 
Commingling of Collateral Assets and rights of set-off of the Custodian and Account Bank 
Prospective investors' attention is drawn to the limited circumstances permitted by the Secured Security 
Conditions, the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, whereby the Collateral 
Assets held by the relevant Custodian are not segregated from the designated investments of the relevant 
Custodian: for instance in the case of cash or in certain circumstances in the case of registrable securities. In such 
circumstances, in the event of the relevant Custodian's insolvency, MBFL's assets, or rights against any 
Counterparty or to such assets may not be as well protected from claims made on behalf of the general creditors 
of the relevant Custodian. 
In addition, prospective investors should note that pursuant to the Custody Agreement and/or the Account Bank 
Agreement, in relation to Series of Secured Securities, the Custodian and/or the Account Bank may have rights of 
set-off with respect to the cash accounts held by relating to such Series. As a result, they may set-off between (i) 
any balances from any such cash account showing a credit balance and (ii) any such cash account showing a debit 
balance. Such set-off may be recorded in the books of the Custodian and/or the Account Bank as a transfer from 
one such cash account to another. As a result, the amount which will be available to holders of the relevant Series 
upon enforcement of the security in relation to a Series of Secured Securities may be less than if such set-off had 
not occurred and as a result, the proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the sums due

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
to the Securityholder in respect of such Series (prospective investors’ attention is accordingly drawn to the risk 
factor entitled “Shortfall on Realisation of Mortgaged Property” above). 
Security Trustee Indemnity 
The Security Trustee shall not be bound to enforce the security in relation to a Series of Secured Securities unless 
(i) directed to do so by the Instructing Creditor and (ii) it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
Capacity of BNP Paribas and its affiliates 
BNP Paribas and its affiliates (the BNPP Parties) may act in a number of capacities in connection with any issue 
of Secured Securities, including as Fiscal Agent or Security Trustee, Liquidation Agent, a Collateral Asset 
administration agent, Paying Agent and/or Custodian. The BNPP Parties acting in such capacities in connection 
with such transactions shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entities in the 
relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect to each such 
capacity. The BNPP Parties are part of a global investment banking and securities firm that provides a wide range 
of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, 
governments and high-net-worth individuals. As such, they actively make markets in and trade financial 
instruments for their own account and for the accounts of customers in the ordinary course of their business. The 
BNPP Parties in their various capacities in connection with the contemplated transactions may enter into business 
dealings, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any duty to account 
therefor. Each of the BNPP Parties will act in its own commercial interest in its various capacities without regard 
to whether its interests conflict with those of the holders of the Secured Securities or any other party. 
The BNPP Parties do not disclose specific trading positions or their hedging strategies, including whether they are 
in long or short positions in any Secured Securities or obligations referred to in this Base Prospectus except where 
required in accordance with the applicable law. Nonetheless, in the ordinary course of business, BNPP Parties and 
employees or customers of the BNPP Parties may actively trade in and/or otherwise hold long or short positions 
in the Secured Securities or enter into similar transactions referencing the Secured Securities or the obligors 
thereof for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers.  If a BNPP Party becomes an owner of any 
of the Secured Securities, through market-making activity or otherwise, any actions that it takes in its capacity as 
owner, including voting, providing consents or otherwise will not necessarily be aligned with the interests of 
other owners of the Secured Securities. To the extent a BNPP Party makes a market in the Secured Securities 
(which it is under no obligation to do), it would expect to receive income from the spreads between its bid and 
offer prices for the Secured Securities. In connection with any such activity, it will have no obligation to take, 
refrain from taking or cease taking any action with respect to these transactions and activities based on the 
potential effect on an investor in the Secured Securities. The price at which a BNPP Party may be willing to 
purchase Secured Securities, if it makes a market, will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and 
may be significantly lower than the issue price for the Secured Securities and significantly lower than the price at 
which it may be willing to sell the Secured Securities.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended on 31 December 2023 of 
Mediobanca; 
• 
the unaudited non-consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended on 31 December 2023 
of Mediobanca Inernational; 
• 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022 of Mediobanca; 
• 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022 of Mediobanca International;  
• 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022 of MBFL; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 225 to 752) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 
May 2018 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 242 to 801) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 
May 2019 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca International;  
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 114 to 792) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 25 
May 2020 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca International;  
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 114 to 805) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 25 
May 2021 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 112 to 816) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 25 
May 2022 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (Pages 140 to 864) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 7 
June 2023 relating to the Issuance Programme of Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL; 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditors’ reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the 
documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
document subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document 
referred to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) 
of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been 
modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document 
will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end 
of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and on the Mediobanca’s website at the following links 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/results.html) 
and 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html) 
and 
on 
the 
Mediobanca International's website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html) and at the 
following link https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html. 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference can be found in the above-
mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed below does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL financial 
statements  
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2023 
2022 
Balance sheet 
 
Pages 92-93 
Pages 98-99 
Statement of income 
Pages 94-95 
Pages 100-101 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 96-97 
Pages 102-103 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 98-99 
Pages 104-105 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 100-380 
Pages 107-387 
Auditors’ reports 
Pages 80-90 
Pages 84-96 
 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2023 
2022 
Statement of financial position 
 
Pages 41-42 
Pages 38-39 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
Page 43 
Page 40 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 44-45 
Pages 41-42 
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 46 
Page 43 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes  
Page 47-177 
Page 44-161 
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 33-39 
Pages 32-36  
 
MBFL - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s reports 
 
Pages 2-4  
Pages 2-4  
Balance sheet 
 
Pages 5-9 
Pages 5-9 
Profit and loss account 
 
Pages 10-11 
Pages 10-11 
Notes to the annual accounts 
Pages 12-19 
Pages 12-19 
 
 
 
 
Mediobanca - Consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
 
2023 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
Pages 75-76 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 77 
Statement of consolidated Comprehensive Income 
Page 78 
Statement of changes in Consolidated Net Equity 
Pages 79-80  
Consolidated Cash flow Statement Direct Method 
Page 81 
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 83-274 
 
Mediobanca International – Non-Consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
 
2023 
Statement of financial position 
Pages 26-27 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 28 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 29-30 
Cash flow statement 
Page 31 
Notes to the interim accounts 
Pages 32-96

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuers will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuers at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Securities, they shall prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Securities and shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Securities in a form not 
contemplated in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the 
information relating to that Tranche of Securities constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown 
Prospectus") will be made available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be 
constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and the relevant Securities or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Securities and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final 
Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY AND COLLATERAL ASSETS 
Securities may be either Secured Securities or Unsecured Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If 
the Securities are Secured Securities, MBFL will grant to the Security Trustee the following security to secure its 
obligations under the Securities and any Charged Agreement(s) in each case, save to the extent the relevant asset 
or right is charged under an Additional Charging Document: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge and a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the relevant Issuer's 
rights, title and/or interests (the Issuer's Rights) in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and  
(ii) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights under each Charged 
Agreement, each Additional Charged Agreement and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement in 
respect of such Securities. 
The Initial Collateral Assets and the Eligible Collateral (where applicable) will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and may comprise any of loans, cash, debt securities listed on a regulated market, equity securities 
listed on a regulated market and/or shares, units or other interests in a UCITS fund, or other assets. 
Where “Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements” are specified as applying in the Final Terms, the Charged 
Agreement(s) in respect of each Series of Securities will be a swap agreement, repurchase agreement or sale and 
purchase agreement entered into between MBFL and the Counterparty and, if applicable, a Credit Support 
Document, each as described below.  
The purpose of the swap agreement, repurchase agreement or sale and purchase agreement (referred to as the 
Transfer Agreement) may be to allow MBFL to perform its scheduled obligations under the Secured Securities, 
all as described more fully in the applicable Final Terms.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, MBFL and the Counterparty may enter into a Credit Support 
Document under which MBFL and/or the Counterparty will collateralise its obligations in respect of the Transfer 
Agreement. In respect of certain Series of Secured Securities, MBFL and the Counterparty may each appoint one 
or more agents to perform certain custodial and administrative functions relating to their obligations under the 
Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, or the Collateral Assets as applicable. If applicable an 
Additional Charged Agreement may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets 
The terms of the Secured Securities may provide that the Collateral Assets may be adjusted in accordance with 
the terms of Secured Security Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets). Such adjustment will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and may be in whole or in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such 
adjustment may involve MBFL topping up, removing, maintaining and/or substituting Collateral Assets and this 
may diminish or have an adverse effect on the value of the Collateral Assets in some circumstances. 
In respect of certain Series of Secured Securities, MBFL may appoint one or more agents to perform certain 
custodial and administrative functions relating to the Collateral Assets.  
The Collateral Assets in respect of the Secured Securities will comprise one or more of the following assets:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Loans 
Loan(s) to one or more borrowers. 
Cash 
Cash in a stipulated currency and amount. 
Debt securities 
Debt securities listed on a regulated market.   
Equity securities 
Equity securities listed on a regulated market.   
Shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund 
Shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
FORMS OF THE SECURITIES 
Form 
Each Series of Securities will on issue be constituted by either (a) in the case of Securities with a maturity of 
more than one year, a temporary global security in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Security") or (b) in the 
case of Securities with a maturity of one year or less, a permanent global security in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Security" and together with the Temporary Global Security, the "Global Securities" and 
each a "Global Security") as indicated in the applicable Final Terms which, in either case, will be deposited 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and/or deposited directly with Euronext Securities Milan (also known as Monte Titoli 
S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli") and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (a "Centralised 
Custodian"). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Securities or, if the Securities do not have a term of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
On or after the 40th day following the Issue Date of the Securities (the "Exchange Date") the Temporary Global 
Security will be exchangeable (a) for a Permanent Global Security or (b) for Securities in definitive form 
("Definitive Securities", and the expressions "Definitive Certificates" shall be construed accordingly), as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in each case only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Security are not United States persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the Fiscal Agent.  
A Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive 
Securities only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: 
(i)  
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business, or  
(ii)  the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Permanent Global Security in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities if an Exchange Event occurs. No Definitive Security 
delivered in exchange for a Temporary Global Security or a Permanent Global Security, as the case may be, will 
be mailed or otherwise delivered to any location in the United States or its possessions. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Securities

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
The applicable Final Terms for the Securities will be attached to or incorporated by reference into the Global 
Security and completes the Terms and Conditions of the Securities.  
Legend concerning United States persons 
The following legend will appear on all Securities with a maturity of more than 365 days: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Dematerialised form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Securities as being "Dematerialised form", then the 
Securities will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Securities will take place 
exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli or any other Centralised 
Custodian appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Securities shall be held by their owners with an 
intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn hold the Securities 
with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Securities, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to their 
respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor’s intermediary, the intermediary will 
simply transfer the Securities from the Transferor’s account to the account of the transferee. If, however, the 
transferee is a client of another intermediary, the transferor’s intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing 
system to transfer the Securities to the account of the transferee’s intermediary, which will then register the 
Securities on the transferee’s account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other encumbrances on 
such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request to the intermediary for the 
issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Securityholder to obtain physical delivery of Securities 
certificates representing the Securities.  
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
CREST Dematerialised Securities 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Securities as being “CREST Dematerialised Securities”, the 
Securities will be issued and held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof from time to time (the "Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations"), and as such are dematerialised securities and not constituted by any physical 
document of title. CREST Dematerialised Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Title to the CREST Dematerialised Securities is recorded on the relevant 
operator register of eligible debt securities. The Operator is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
The Euroclear Registrar on behalf of the relevant Issuer will maintain a record of uncertificated eligible debt 
securities (the "Record") in relation to the CREST Dematerialised Securities and will procure that the Record is 
regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of eligible debt securities in accordance with the rules of the 
Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the 
holder of a particular number of CREST Dematerialised Securities shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person as the holder of such number of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities for all purposes (and the expressions "Holder" and "Holder of Securities" and related expressions in 
the context of CREST Dematerialised Securities shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or 
omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record 
which the Euroclear Registrar maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of 
eligible debt securities relating to the CREST Dematerialised Securities. 
CREST Depository Interests 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities will be accepted for settlement in CREST via the 
CREST Depository Interest mechanism, indirect interests in Securities will be accepted for settlement through 
CREST. Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Securities may be delivered, 
held and settled in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant Securities. 
The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will be governed by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the relevant Securities. 
Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants (the 
"CREST Manual"), Securities held in global form by a common depositary may be settled through CREST and 
the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent securities, constituted under English law, 
which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the 
relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will 
pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Securities on trust 
for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings 
of Holders of the relevant Securities and other relevant notices issued by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable). 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Securities and if listed do not require a separate 
listing. Prospective subscribers for Securities represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual (as defined below) which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the "CREST 
Deed Poll") to be entered into by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the 
arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
applicable), including the CREST Deed Poll. These rights may be different from those of Holders of Securities 
which are not represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement of the CDIs by means of the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders: 
(a) CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Securities. The CDIs are separate legal instruments 
from such Securities and represent an indirect interest in such Securities. 
(b) The relevant Securities themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Securities 
through a clearing system. 
(c) Rights under the relevant Securities cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above. 
(d) The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. CDI 
Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of, or prescribed 
pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the "CREST International Manual") and the CREST Rules dated 15 
January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST Rules") 
(which, in each case, form part of the CREST Manual) and CDI Holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International Manual 
and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by CDI 
Holders and limitations on the liability of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) and the 
CREST Depository. 
(f) CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations 
and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of potential investors is drawn to 
the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which 
are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 20 7849 0000 or 
from the CREST website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI . 
(g) Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. These 
will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services 
by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become 
payable in connection with the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(h) Potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Dealer, any 
Security Agent or any Euroclear Registrar will have any responsibility for the performance by any 
intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities which will include the additional terms 
and conditions contained in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas) in relation to the 
formulas for Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities) in the case of Index Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities) in the case of Share Securities, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities) in the case of 
ETI Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Debt Securities) in the case of Debt Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Securities) in the case of Commodity Securities, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities) in 
the case of Inflation Index Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Currency Securities) in the case of Currency Securities, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Securities) in the case of Fund 
Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Futures Securities) in the case of Futures Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 11 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities) in the case of Underlying Interest 
Rate Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities) in the case of Credit Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 13 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Securities) in the case of Secured Securities (each, an "Annex" 
and, together the "Annexes") (the "Conditions") which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Security or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities (as defined below) or CREST Dematerialised Securities (as 
defined below), will apply to such Securities. In the case of Securities (other than Dematerialised Securities or 
CREST Dematerialised Securities), the applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
attached to each Global Security.  
For the purposes of Securities which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt Securities"), references in these Terms and Conditions 
to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to "Pricing Supplement". The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca"), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. ("Mediobanca International") and MB Funding Lux SA ("MBFL") (each, an "Issuer" and, together, the 
"Issuers") have established an Issuance Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of certificates 
("Certificates" or "Securities"), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the "Guarantor") in 
respect of Securities issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
The Securities will be Secured Securities (which may only be issued by MBFL) or Unsecured Securities, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Securities (other than CREST Dematerialised Securities) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 6 June 2024, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the 
"Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch, as fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian 
paying agent (the "Italian Paying Agent" and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying 
agents in respect of the Securities from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") and with the benefit of a 
deed of covenant dated 6 June 2024 which each Issuer has executed in respect of Securities issued by it (each, a 
"Deed of Covenant" and, together, the "Deeds of Covenant").  
Further party(ies) may be appointed pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement in relation to a Series 
of Secured Securities as liquidation agent (the "Liquidation Agent"), calculation agent (the "Calculation 
Agent") and settlement agent (the "Settlement Agent").  
In relation to issues of CREST Dematerialised Securities, Mediobanca and Mediobanca International will enter 
into an agreement (such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Euroclear Agreement") with the entity indicated in the relevant Final Terms as Euroclear Registrar (the 
"Euroclear Registrar", which expression shall include any successor or additional Euroclear registrar appointed 
in respect of CREST Dematerialised Securities). CREST Dematerialised Securities may only be Unsecured 
Securities. 
With respect to Secured Securities, MBFL and BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch have in addition entered 
into a Luxembourg law-governed custody agreement (or such other custody agreement that MBFL may enter 
into governed by a law other than Luxembourg law from time to time with respect to a Series of Secured 
Secrities) (the "Custody Agreement") and a Luxembourg law governed account bank agreement (or such other 
account bank agreement that MBFL may enter into governed by a law other than Luxembourg law from time to 
time with respect to a Series of Secured Secrities) (the "Account Bank Agreement") pursuant to which BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch (or such other entity appointed by MBFL with respect to a Series of Secured 
Securities) is appointed as custodian with respect to Collateral Assets (the "Custodian") and account bank (the 
"Account Bank") respectively. References in these Conditions to the terms Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, 
Calculation Agent, Liquidation Agent, Custodian, Account Bank and Settlement Agent shall include any 
additional or successor agents in such capacity. 
The Final Terms may specify details of any Custody Agreement, Account Bank Agreement, Transfer 
Agreement, Credit Support Document, or Additional Charged Agreement and details of any relevant 
Counterparty. Where such agreements or entity are not so specified in the Final Terms then any references in 
these Conditions to those agreements or entity will be deemed not to apply. 
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of Unsecured Securities issued by Mediobanca International 
from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 6 June 2024 (the "Mediobanca

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
International Deed of Guarantee") under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to 
limitations of the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts 
due and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations by Mediobanca International under the Unsecured 
Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable or deliverable, 
as the case may be (the "Guarantee of the Mediobanca International Securities").  
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of Unsecured Securities and Secured Securities issued by 
MBFL from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 6 June 2024 (the "MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee") under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to limitations of the 
MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due and the performance of any non-
cash delivery obligations by MBFL under the Unsecured Securities and Secured Securities and the relevant Deed 
of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be (the 
"Guarantee of the MBFL Securities"). 
The obligations of MBFL in respect of the Secured Securities are secured by a security trust deed dated 6 June 
2024 (the "Programme Trust Deed") between MBFL, BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited (the 
"Security Trustee", which expression shall include any successor security trustee) and Mediobanca as the initial 
Counterparty, as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") dated the Issue 
Date in respect of the first Tranche of a Series of Secured Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
between MBFL, the Security Trustee and any other party specified therein and together constituting the security 
described below in respect of the Secured Securities (the Programme Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust 
Deed being hereinafter referred to as the "Security Trust Deed"). 
With respect to a Series of Securities, the Securityholders (as defined in General Security Condition 1.2 (Title to 
Securities)) are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of all of, and are bound by the provisions 
of, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms. 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Securities. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Securities are these Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall 
prevail. All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Securities" are to the Securities which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), the 
initial specified office of which is set out below, save that if the Securities are unlisted, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a Securityholder and such Securityholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), as to identity. Certain 
provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or of the Euroclear 
Agreement (in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Securities will specify whether the relevant Issuer is 
Mediobanca Mediobanca International or MBFL. In these Conditions of the Securities, any reference to a statute

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
or regulation shall be construed as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may 
from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Mediobanca International Deed 
of Guarantee, the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of 
identification by the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the 
Programme, including the forms of the Securities in global and definitive form), the Custody Agreement, the 
Account Bank Agreement and the Programme Trust Deed are available for inspection at the specified office of 
the Paying Agent. 
Copies of the Euroclear Agreement, the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee, the Programme Manual 
(being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers and the Euroclear Registrar, containing 
suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme) are available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Euroclear Registraror, or may be provided by email to a Holder following their prior written request to the 
Euroclear Registrar and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Euroclear 
Registrar).  
Securities issued under the Programme will be in the form of Certificates and references in these Conditions to 
"Security" and "Securities" will be construed accordingly. References herein to the applicable Final Terms are 
to Part A of the Final Terms or each Final Terms (in the case of any further securities issued pursuant to General 
Security Condition 10 (Further Issues) and forming a single series with the Securities) (which for the avoidance 
of doubt may be issued in respect of more than one series of Securities) attached to the global security in bearer 
form representing the Securities (the "Global Security") or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities or CREST 
Dematerialised Securities, will applying to such Securities, insofar as it relates to the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any reference in the Conditions to a level, value, price, percentage, number, amount 
or date to be indicated in the relevant Final Terms, should be interpreted as reference to one or more of such 
levels, values, prices, percentages, numbers, amounts or dates, based on what will be indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
1. 
TYPE, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
1.1. 
Type 
The Securities relate to (i) a specified index or basket of indices or futures or options contracts related to a 
specified index or basket of indices ("Index Securities"), (ii) a specified share or basket of shares, or a specified 
depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR") referencing a share (an "Underlying Share") or basket of GDRs and/or 
ADRs ("Share Securities"), (iii) a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, an exchange traded note, an 
exchange traded commodity or any other exchange traded product (each an "exchange traded instrument") or 
basket of interests in exchange traded instruments ("ETI Securities"), (iv) a specified debt instrument or basket 
of debt instruments or futures or options contracts related to a specified debt instrument or basket of debt 
instruments (synthetic or otherwise) ("Debt Securities"), (v) a specified commodity or commodity index or 
basket of commodities and/or commodity indices ("Commodity Securities"), (vi) a specified inflation index or

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
basket of inflation indices ("Inflation Index Securities"), (vii) a specified currency or basket of currencies or 
futures or options contracts related to a specified currency or basket of currencies ("Currency Securities"), (viii) 
a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units ("Fund Securities"), (ix) a specified futures 
contract or basket of futures contract(s) ("Futures Securities"), (x) a specified underlying interest rate or basket 
of underlying interest rates ("Underlying Interest Rate Securities"), (xi) the credit of a specified reference 
entity or reference entities ("Credit Securities"), (xii) and/or any combination of such indices, shares, interests 
in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, commodities, commodity indices, inflation indices, currencies, 
fund shares or units, futures contract(s), underlying interest rate(s), the credit of a specified reference entity or 
reference entities and other asset classes or types ("Hybrid Securities"). 
If the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the terms and conditions of the Securities will be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate 
type of underlying reference asset or basis, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of underlying 
reference asset or basis will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in respect of the relevant 
type of underlying reference asset or basis, except as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate:  
(i) 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Securities") and/or physical delivery 
("Physical Delivery Securities"); 
(ii) 
whether Averaging ("Averaging") will apply to the Securities; and 
(iii) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Averaging Dates and, if 
an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (as defined in General Security Condition 3 below (Definitions), 
whether Omission, Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as defined in General Security 
Condition 3 (Definitions) applies; 
(iv) 
whether remuneration shall be payable in respect of the Securities. 
Subject as provided below, the Settlement Currency in respect of the Securities will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If Dual Currency Certificates is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and the 
Securities are Cash Settled Securities, the Cash Settlement Amount for each such Security shall be paid in a 
Settlement Currency which is different from the currency in which the Certificates are denominated on the Issue 
Date. If Dual Currency Securities is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and Settlement Currency 
Barrier Selection is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Currency in respect of the Cash 
Settlement Amount and/or the relevant payment of Remuneration Amount will be determined by reference to 
whether or not the Settlement Currency Barrier Condition is satisfied at the relevant time. If the Settlement 
Currency Barrier Condition is satisfied at the relevant time the Settlement Currency for the relevant payment will 
be the First Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Settlement Currency Barrier 
Condition is not satisfied at the relevant time the Settlement Currency for the relevant payment will be the 
Second Settlement Currency.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
References in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Securities shall be deemed 
to include references to Physical Delivery Securities, which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) at the relevant Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be 
by way of cash payment. References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical 
Delivery Securities shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled Securities which include an option (as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the relevant Issuer's election to request physical delivery of the relevant 
underlying asset in settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
1.2. 
Title to Securities 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security held by a common depository on behalf of a relevant 
Clearing System, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System(s) 
as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
the relevant Clearing System(s) as to the number of Securities standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, if any, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and all other persons dealing with such 
person as the holder of such number of Securities for all purposes (and the expressions "Securityholder", 
"Certificateholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Dematerialised Securities, the person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular amount of Securities (in which regard any certificate, record or 
other document issued by the relevant Clearing System(s) as to the amount of Securities standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except as 
otherwise required by applicable law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof and as the 
holder of such number of Securities for all purposes (and the expressions "Securityholder", "Certificateholder" 
and "holder of Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly, except where the Securities 
are Italian Dematerialised Securities, in which case "Securityholder", "Certificateholder" and "holder of 
Securities" will be exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Securities). The Issuer shall cause 
Italian Dematerialised Securities to be dematerialised and centralised with Euronext Securities Milan (also 
known as Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli"), pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended 
and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, title to CREST Dematerialised Securities is recorded on the 
relevant Operator register of eligible debt securities. The Euroclear Registrar on behalf of the relevant Issuer will 
maintain a record of uncertificated eligible debt securities (the "Record") in relation to the CREST 
Dematerialised Securities and will procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of 
eligible debt securities in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person 
who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person as 
the holder of such number of CREST Dematerialised Securities for all purposes (and the expressions 
"Securityholder", "Certificateholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions in the context of

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
CREST Dematerialised Securities shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or 
omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record 
which the Euroclear Registrar maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of 
eligible debt securities relating to the CREST Dematerialised Securities. 
No provisions of these Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms shall (notwithstanding anything 
contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of 
title to CREST Dematerialised Securities in uncertificated form, (II) the transfer of title to CREST 
Dematerialised Securities by means of a relevant system or (III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in these 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, so long as the CREST Dematerialised Securities are participating 
securities, (A) the Operator register of eligible debt securities relating to the CREST Dematerialised Securities 
shall be maintained at all times outside the United Kingdom, (B) the CREST Dematerialised Securities may be 
issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
CREST Dematerialised Security shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any 
certificate for such CREST Dematerialised Security. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of eligible debt securities", "participating securities" and 
"relevant system" is as defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such 
term is used in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any additional or 
alternative operator from time to time approved by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and the 
Euroclear Registrar in relation to the CREST Dematerialised Securities and in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Any reference herein to the "Operator" shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative Operator from time to time and 
notified to the Holders of CREST Dematerialised Securities in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices).  
1.3. 
Transfers of Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Securities in definitive form ("Definitive Securities"), title to the 
Securities will pass by delivery. 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, all transactions (including transfers of 
Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the relevant Clearing 
System(s), subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing System(s). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities will be held in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Securities "), then the Securities will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of 
Securities will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli or any

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (the "Centralised Custodian"). Accordingly, all Securities 
in dematerialised form shall be held by their owners with an intermediary participant the relevant Centralised 
Custodian. The intermediary will in turn hold the Securities with the Centralised Custodian.  
All transactions (including transfers) in respect of CREST Dematerialised Securities in the open market or 
otherwise must be effected through an account at the Operator subject to and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of the Operator. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Operator 
register of eligible debt securities.  
Any reference herein to a Clearing System(s), Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Monte Titoli 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent from time to time and notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States 
person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee (the "Disqualified 
Transferee") and the last preceding holder that was not a Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights 
as a Securityholder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer of such interest by the relevant Securityholder. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE 
2.1. 
Status of the Securities 
The Unsecured Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law and subject to any Italian Bail-in Power, with reference to Securities issued by Mediobanca, and any 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power, with reference to Securities issued by Mediobanca International) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the relevant Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. 
The Secured Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of MBFL and 
rank pari passu among themselves. 
2.2. 
Status of the Guarantees 
The Guarantee of the Mediobanca International Securities constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations set out 
in the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to any Italian 
Bail-in Power. 
The Guarantee of the MBFL Securities constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations set out in the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
MBFL Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to any Italian Bail-in Power. 
As more fully set forth in each of the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall at all times have the right, at its sole and unfettered discretion, to elect not to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the holders of Physical Delivery Securities when the same shall 
become due and deliverable, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash determined by the Guarantor acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner equal to the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount. The 
"Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of each Security means an amount calculated pursuant to 
the terms of, or as specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement in respect of such Security on any date notified as such 
by the Guarantor to the relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Guarantor acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
Any payment of the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount, in lieu of the Entitlement shall constitute a complete 
discharge of the Guarantor’s obligations in respect of such Physical Delivery Securities. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these General Security Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(b); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions);  
"AES Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Affected Component Security" is as defined in this General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the 
definition of Strike Date and the definition of Valuation Date; 
"Affected Item" is as defined in this General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of 
Averaging Date, Strike Date, Valuation Date and in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under the 
definition of Commodity Fallback Value; 
"Affected Relevant Assets" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Affected Share" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2 (e);

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity; 
"Alternate Cash Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets 
or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Alternative Currency" is the currency alternative to the Base Currency, indicated in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Annex" is as defined in paragraph 1 of these General Security Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Asset Instruments" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and 17.6 
(Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event"is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and 17.6 (Automatic 
Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), 17.6 (Automatic Early 
Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (Automatic Early Settlement 
Payouts); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and 17.6 
(Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1); 
"Averaging" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Averaging Date" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures Securities, 
each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant value, level, 
price or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
purposes of determining the relevant value, level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date 
as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
value, level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
A. 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than a 
Component Security Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI Securities 
relating to a single ETI Interest or Futures Securities relating to single Future, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (I) that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (a)(i) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below; and 
B. 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Component Security Index for the 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below and the Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below; 
C. 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a 
Basket of Component Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, 
ETI Securities relating to an ETI Basket or Futures Securities relating to a Basket of 
Futures, the Averaging Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date 
(the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index, Share, ETI 
Interest or Future affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index, Share, ETI Interest

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
or Future. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index, Share, ETI 
Interest or Future has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original 
date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date, then (I) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such 
Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant vale, level, price, or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
subparagraph (a)(iii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
D. 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security 
Indices, the Averaging Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date, and for each 
Component Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Component 
Security Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below and the Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the 
earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines the level of the Component 
Security Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; or 
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Commodity Business Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred or is continuing, in which case the provisions of Commodity Security Condition 3 
(Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" is the currency specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Basket" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by more than one item, the basket composed 
of such items in the relative proportions and/or numbers specified in the Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Benchmark" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"BMR" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Borsa Italiana Business Day" means any day on which Borsa Italiana S.p.A. is scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session; 
"BRRD" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions);

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
"Business Day" means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and, except in case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities, on which the relevant Clearing System(s) is open for business, or, in case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities, a day on which the Operator is open for business (ii) if T2 is specified as a Business Day Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system ("T2") is open (a "T2 Settlement Day"), (iii) if "U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day" is specified as Business Day Centre then "Business Day" shall also be any weekday that is a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Business Day 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed, and (iv) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any T2 Settlement Day. If any 
date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, save in respect of Securities for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Remuneration Payment Date will not be postponed and 
remuneration on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after scheduled final Remuneration 
Payment Date, (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the previous 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately following Business Day; 
"Buy Back Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 
13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculation Agent" means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. or the different entity indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" means each Remuneration Period, AES Calculation Period or FS Calculation Period, Call 
Calculation Period or Put Calculation Period, as applicable; 
"Call Option" means, if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer’s 
right to settle all or some of the Certificates on or prior to the Settlement Date pursuant to General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Condition(s)" has the meaning given in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Condition Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Call Option); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
“Call Option Exercise Date(s)” has the meaning given in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option). 
"Call Option Exercise Period"has the meaning given in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1 (Issuer Call Option Payouts Formulas) 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Cash Instrument" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to a Cash Settled Security, the amount which the Securityholder 
is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such Security, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Final Payouts included in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas), provided in each 
case that the Cash Settlement Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Amount (if any) and will not be 
less than the Minimum Amount (if any), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Cash Settlement Amount 
shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention, provided that if Rounding 
Convention 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be 
subject to rounding but Securities of the same Series held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Securities and such aggregate 
of Cash Settlement Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine, provided that if the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall 
be payable in respect of the relevant Certificate. This definition shall not apply to Credit Securities.  
If the Cash Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"CDS Components" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Change in Law" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Security Condition 
13 (Definitions); 
"Clearing System" shall mean Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Monte Titoli and/or Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") or such other clearing system or Centralised Custodian as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Commodity Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Component" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, each component 
comprised in such Basket;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
"Compounded SOFR" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d) 
"CRD IV" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Directive" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CREST Dematerialised Securities" means Securities issued in uncertificated registered form in accordance 
with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted and such other 
regulations made under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to the 
Euroclear Registrar); 
"CRR" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Credit Index" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Credit Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Currency Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Currency Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Current Remuneration Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), General Security Condition 22(n), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (kkk), in Formulas Condition 
3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Debt Instruments" and "Debt Instrument" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities), in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a Basket 
of Debt Instruments, each debt instrument and, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Debt 
Instrument, the debt instrument, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"Debt Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Delivery Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 21.4 (Physical Delivery Certificates), in 
Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"Disrupted Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi);

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
"Disrupted Day" is as defined in Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions), in Currency 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"Dual Currency Certificates" means the Certificates in relation to which Dual Currency Certificates is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms;  
"Early Settlement Amount" has the meaning given to such term in General Security Condition 13.2; 
"Early Settlement Entitlement" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c); 
"Early Closure" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security, and an Underlying Reference or, as the case 
may be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a 
Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in respect of each such Security following payment 
of any sums payable and Expenses rounded down as provided in General Security Condition 17.3 (Physical 
Settlement), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement 
which amount will be the Entitlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of a Credit 
Security) the relevant obligations and/or other assets as specified in the Credit Security Conditions). 
"Entitlement Amount" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security, the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
If MFP Entitlement Amounts is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
determined in accordance with the Entitlement Amount Formulas set out in Annex 1 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulas); 
(b) 
Otherwise: 
a. 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
b. the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
c. 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Established Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(b); 
"ETI Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type);

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin;  
"Exchange Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate" means the applicable rate of exchange indicate in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Exercise Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Cash Settled Securities, a day that is a Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, a day that is a Business Day and a Scheduled Trading Day;  
"Exercise Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Expenses" is as defined in General Security Condition 9(a); 
"Extra-Yield" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Extraordinary External Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is as defined in General Security Conditions 4.2 (Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity) and General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2; 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (Final Payouts Formulas); 
"First Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Business Day" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Future" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
 
"Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"Index-Components Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back 
Provisions); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(ii)A; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi);

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi) 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions 
relating to GDR/ADR); 
"General Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Government Authority" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee); 
"Hedge" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(a); 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Security 
Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in 
respect of the Securities; 
"Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hybrid Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type);  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Security 
Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Index Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Inflation Index Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1(Type); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Intervening Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.4 (Intervening Period); 
"ISDA Definitions" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d);

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"Issue Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Italian Dematerialised Securities" means Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised form into 
Monte Titoli pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent 
implementing provisions; 
"Italian Listed Securities" means Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an 
application will be made or has been made to admit such Securities to trading on the Italian Stock Exchange or 
the Multilateral Trading Facility (the "EuroTLX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as the case 
may be, and the expression "Italian Listed Certificates" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.;  
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Determination Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Determination Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event);

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
"Knock-out Determination Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (Remuneration); 
"Local Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Additional Disruption Events And 
Optional Additional Disruption Events) and ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Market Disruption Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), in Share Security 
Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt Security Condition 3 
(Market Disruption), Commodity Security Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Futures Security Condition 2 
(Market Disruption); 
"Market Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Maximum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Minimum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Monte Titoli Accountholder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli which has credited to its securities account with Monte Titoli one 
or more entries in respect of the Securities held in book-entry form (except for Monte Titoli in its capacity as an 
accountholder of another Clearing System); 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(b); 
"Non-Approval Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) 
"Notional Amount" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Futures Securities) or Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Securities), the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day or Commodity Business Day, as applicable. The provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply if any such day is a Disrupted Day or, in the case of 
Commodity Securities, a day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing, mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" unless Observation 
Day Disruption Consequences is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such 
date will be an Observation Date notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and (i) in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures Securities, the provisions of (a)(i)(B), 
(a)(ii), (a)(iii)(B) or (a)(iv), as applicable, of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant value, level, price or amount on such Observation Date as if such Observation Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day or (ii) in the case of Commodity Securities the provisions of 
Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) will 
apply.  
"Observation Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Call)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call 
Option); 
"Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.8 (Securityholders 
Put Option) 
"Optional Settlement Date (Call)" means, if the Call Option is applicable, the Business Day specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and/or specified in the relevant Call Option Exercise Notice and/or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on which the Issuer may early settle the relevant Certificates; 
"Optional Settlement Date (Put)" means, if a Put Option has been exercised by the relevant Securityholder, the

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Business Day specified as indicated in General Security Condition 17.8 (Securityholders Put Option), on which 
the Issuer may early settle the relevant Certificates; 
"Original Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(a)(ii); 
"Put Option" means, if the Put Option is applicable in relation to the Securities, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the option which can be irrevocably exercised by the Securityholder during the Put Option Exercise 
Notice Period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to General Security Condition 17.8 
(Securityholders Put Option); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice" is as defined in 17.8 (Securityholders Put Option); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice Period" means, if the Put Option is applicable in relation to the Securities, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the period – as indicated in the Final Terms – within which the 
Securityholder shall exercise, in accordance with General Security Condition 17.8 (Securityholders Put Option) 
below, the Put Option; 
"Put Payout" is as defined in Final Payouts Formulas Condition 3.1 (Securityholder Put Option Payouts 
Formulas); 
"Reference Banks" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Rejection Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
“Reference Time” is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (d); 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event) General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement) and General 
Security Condition 22(n); 
"Relevant Asset" means the asset or assets specified in the Final Terms that constitute the Entitlement; 
"Relevant Authority" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7 (vi); 
“Relevant Governmental Body” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"Relevant Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Remuneration Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Determination Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(b)(iv), General Security 
Condition 22(c)(iii), and General Security Condition 22(n);  
"Remuneration Payment Date (s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n);  
"Remuneration Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n)

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
"Remuneration Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Remuneration Valuation Date(s)" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Replicating Derivatives" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject, in 
respect of Index Securities, to subparagraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Valuation Time, and subject, in 
respect of Share Securities, to subparagraph (c) of the definition of Valuation Time; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in 
Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions).  
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Second Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Secured Securities" means a Series of Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Barrier Condition" means that the Settlement Price (as defined in Currency Security 
Condition 4 – Settlement Price) on the relevant Settlement Price Date is (a) less than, (b) less than or equal to, (c) 
greater than, (d) greater than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Currency 
Barrier Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Settlement Currency Barrier Rate" is the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms  
"Settlement Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Securities: 
(i) where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms provided that if the Securities relate to a Basket and the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day has resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more Components being 
adjusted as set out in the definition of Valuation Date below, the Settlement Date shall be the 
fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any 
Component or (ii) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
(ii) where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day following 
the last occurring Averaging Date provided that where the Securities relate to a Basket and the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or more Components 
being adjusted as set out in the definition of Averaging Date above, the Settlement Date shall 
be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Averaging Date in relation to any 
Component, or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Valuation Date"has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Share Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Significant Alteration Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
“SOFR” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Date" means, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(a) 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than a Component Security 
Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, Debt 
Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument or Futures Securities relating to a single Future, the 
Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level or price: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures Securities, in 
accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the formula for and method 
of calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the 
Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security as of 
the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component Security") 
by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted 
price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on 
which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike 
Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, 
amount, level or price of the Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of the 
value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines the 
level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions. 
(c) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of Component 
Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to an ETI 
Basket, Debt Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or Futures Securities relating to a 
Basket of Futures, the Strike Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, as the 
case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date and 
the Strike Date for each Index, ETI Interest, Share, Debt Instrument or Future affected, as the case may 
be (each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for 
the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, its good faith estimate of the 
value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(d) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the Strike Date for 
each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Strike Date, and for each Component Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Component 
Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating that Component Security Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the 
Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security as of 
the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component Security") 
by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted 
price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on 
which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike 
Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, 
amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of 
the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent can determine 
the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, the Initial Pricing Date; or 
(f) 
in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Securities, the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging 
Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Substitute Asset" and "Substitute Assets" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to 
Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2, Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions), 
Commodity Security Condition 3(b), Share Security Condition 5.2(e), ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Trading Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and 
Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions).  
"Uncertificated Securities Regulations" means the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended, 
modified or re-enacted and such other regulations made under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the 
Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar) for the time being in force; 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event), General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement), and General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option), Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) Formulas Condition 
1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5 (c) and Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Transactions" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Unsecured Securities" means a Series of Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or if "Standard Unwind Costs" are specified in 
the Final Terms (or in the absence of such specification), an amount (such amount prior to any apportionment 
pro rata, the "Aggregate Unwind Costs"), determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection 
with the exercise, settlement, cancellation and/or termination of the Securities and the related termination, 
settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
outstanding principal amount outstanding of each Security. Any reference in the Conditions to the Unwind Costs 
as the sum to be deducted from any amount due by the Issuer must be construed and read as (i) the sum to be 
deducted from that amount, if the Unwind Costs are a positive number or (ii) the sum to be added to that amount, 
if the Unwind Costs are a negative number. 
 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
in relation to the Exercise Date, as the case may be, does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Valuation 
Date(s) and/or the Settlement Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than a 
Component Security Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI Securities 
relating to a single ETI Interest, Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument or 
Futures Securities relating to a single Future, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, 
level, price or amount: 
(I) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, 
level, price or amount as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security 
Index using the formula for and method of calculating such Component Security 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on 
which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component 
Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of 
the relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
above provisions; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of 
Component Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI 
Securities relating to a Basket comprised of ETI Interests, Debt Securities relating to a

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Basket of Debt Instruments or Futures Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, the 
Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, as the 
case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt 
Instrument or Future affected, as the case may be, (each an "Affected Item") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to 
the Affected Item, the value, level, price or amount as applicable, determined using: 
(I) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt Security or Future, its good faith 
estimate of the value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the 
Valuation Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and for each Component 
Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Component Security Index 
using the formula for and method of calculating that Component Security Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using: 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on 
which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component 
Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of 
the relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
above provisions; or 
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, the Final Pricing Date, 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Remuneration Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Composite Index, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and 
(y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on such Index, the close of 
trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which 
the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to Indices other than Composite Indices, Share 
Securities or ETI Securities unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Strike Date, 
Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation 
to each Index, Share or ETI Interest to be valued, provided that if the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Remuneration

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Remuneration Valuation Time or the Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time; and 
"Weighting" means in respect of any Component comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
4. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY PROVISIONS 
4.1. 
Settlement Disruption 
(i) 
if Settlement Disruption Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if, following 
the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any 
Delivery Date then such Delivery Date for such Securities shall be postponed to the first following 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided 
that the relevant Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Security by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the relevant Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement 
Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the 
Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the relevant Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy and discharge its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the 
relevant Securityholder of the Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined below) up to the 5th Business 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices). Payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
any such Settlement Disruption Event. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of 
the relevant Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor, if any. 
(ii) 
if Settlement Disruption Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Delivery Date, 
then such Delivery Date, for such Securities shall be postponed to the first following Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that the 
relevant Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by delivering the 
Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the relevant Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of 
the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, 
the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the 
originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof, the relevant Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Security by payment to the relevant Securityholder of the Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined 
below) on the 5th Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). Payment of the Settlement 
Disruption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) prior to the Postponement End Date. If notice 
of such election has not been given to Securityholders and the Delivery Date has not occurred on or 
before the Postponement End Date, then in lieu of physical settlement, the Issuer shall satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Securities by payment to the relevant Securityholder of the 
Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined below) on the 5th Business Day following the Postponement 
End Date. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
any such Settlement Disruption Event. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of 
the relevant Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor, if any. 
 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Postponement End Date” means the number of Settlement Business Days after the originally designated 
Delivery Date indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Settlement Disruption Amount" in respect of any relevant Security shall be the fair market value of such 
Security (disregarding, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, 
the value of such Relevant Assets), less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the relevant Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (or, whereas provided above some Relevant Assets have been delivered and a 
pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, or, if the provision of General 
Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, an event beyond the control of the relevant 
Issuer or, if the provision of General Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, as a 
result of which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.2. 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity", if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be an 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as described in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions).

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
4.3. 
Issuer`s Option to vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the relevant Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Securities, upon a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the relevant Issuer may, in 
respect of each such Security, elect not to pay to the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not 
to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu 
thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the 
Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to 
Securityholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the second Business Day following the Exercise 
Date in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) and/or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, if 
applicable, in accordance with the contact details for a Securityholder specified in its Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice. 
4.4. 
Intervening Period 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities or Deliverable Obligations, obligations 
and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
that person in respect of such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations, or (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such securities, 
obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under any liability to a 
Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of 
such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations. 
4.5. 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount  
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following a valid 
settlement of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer may in respect of such Securities, if the 
Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant 
Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise(s) shares or interests in ETIs which are not freely 
tradable, elect either (a) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) of such other shares or interests in ETIs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", 
as the case may be) or (b) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the 
relevant Securityholders on the Settlement Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement 
on the Settlement Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" share or interest in an ETI shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, which is registered under the Securities Act or not 
restricted under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share or interest in an ETI, 
as the case may be, and not purchased from an Affiliate of the issuer of such share or interest in an ETI, as the 
case may be, or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or interest in an ETI, as the 
case may be, for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share or 
interest in an ETI, as the case may be, not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
4.6. 
Index Securities, Currency Securities, Commodity Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Futures Securities and 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities shall not be Physical Delivery Securities. 
4.7. 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
If (a) FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the Calculation Agent determines that the FX Settlement Disruption Event is not attributable to the relevant 
Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date 
and the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency or (b) if FX 
Settlement Disruption Event Determination is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, "FX Settlement Disruption" 
will apply, and: 
(i) If on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred and is subsisting, the relevant Issuer shall give notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter and, in any event, prior to the due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount as the case 
may be. 
(ii) Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
A. 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (a) the second Business 
Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption 
Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (b) the date falling thirty calendar days following the 
Settlement Date or other scheduled date for payment, as applicable, of the relevant Disrupted Amount 
(the "FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than 
the scheduled Settlement Date; and 
B. 
(i) in the case of A(a) above, the relevant Issuer will pay or cause to be paid the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption Expenses are indicated as not applicable in the relevant

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
Final Terms) FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the Settlement Currency or (ii) in the case 
of A(b) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer 
will, subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent for the relevant Disrupted Settlement Date) and will pay or cause to be paid the 
relevant Disrupted Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption Expenses are indicated as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date; 
(iii) If sub-paragraph (ii) A(b) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Settlement Disruption 
Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the 
following procedures: 
A. the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
B. if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Settlement 
Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
(iv) For the avoidance of doubt:  
A. 
No Remuneration Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement of any remuneration payment 
pursuant to this General Security Condition 4.7; and  
B. 
No additional remuneration will be payable in respect of any postponement of the relevant due date for 
payment. 
(v) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this General Security Condition 4.7 shall prevent the Issuer 
from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, in which case, the provisions of General Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events and 
Optional Additional Disruption Events) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between this General 
Security Condition 4.7 and General Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events) . 
(vi) For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means any Cash Settlement Amount, Remuneration Amount or other amount payable; 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" means the Settlement Date or any other due date for payment;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD;  
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, impossible or 
otherwise impracticable to pay the relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled 
Settlement Date or other date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of 
unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Securities and (ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs 
and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related payment 
of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner;  
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), Australian Dollars 
("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula 
("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), 
Chinese Yuan ("CNY"), Czech Republic Korun ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Great British Pounds 
("GBP"), Ghanian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints 
("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars 
("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges 
("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican 
Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), 
Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles 
("PEN"), Philippine Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), 
Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian 
Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY") and South African Rand ("ZAR"); and "USD" means the lawful 
currency of the United States of America.  
The use of any Relevant Currency in connection with any Security and any payment in the Relevant Currency 
made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor under any Security will be subject to compliance with financial 
sanctions to which the Issuers and the Guarantor are subject. 
4.8. 
General 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any 
Entitlement.  
The subscription or purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights (whether 
in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
In making any election, modification, determination or adjustment, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve or restore the economics 
of the agreed terms, as far as reasonably practicable. Any such election, modification, determination or 
adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to 
the Securityholders, to the detriment of the Securityholders. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Securities (other than modifications or 
adjustments that do not relate to essential characteristics of the Securities) or settle the Securities prior to their 
scheduled Settlement Date, as described in the Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination 
of events or circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the 
Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes a force majeure. 
For the purpose of this General Security Condition, "essential characteristics" of the Securities means 
characteristics of the Securities that are considered essential to the Securityholders generally, including without 
limitation the yield (coupon structure), the Underlying Reference, the principal protected amount (if any), the 
identity of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and the scheduled Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Securityholder or any other 
person as the registered holder in respect of any securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations 
comprised in any Entitlement in the register of, as the case may be, inter alia, (i) members of the relevant Share 
Company as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) or Fund (if any) or (ii) bondholders of the 
relevant obligor. 
5. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE  
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities have become (i) illegal in 
whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, 
severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the Trade Date, 
impossible or impracticable the relevant Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Should any one or more of the provisions or part of any provision contained in these Conditions be or become 
invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions or part of such provision shall not in any way be affected 
thereby. 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by 
such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, notwithstanding such illegality 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payment 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
Condition 8 (Notices). 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the relevant 
Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of 
each Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into 
account the applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payment will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
6. 
PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Purchases and cancellation 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender 
or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation, provided 
that and, in the case of a purchase or cancellation of Securities that are CREST Dematerialised Securities, such 
securities must be transferred to the Euroclear Registrar for cancellation. 
6.2 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If the Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as being applicable to the Securities in the relevant Final 
Terms, prior to the Exercise Date the value of the Securities shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of 
the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. Each of the Issuers may, from time to time, calculate the price 
of the Certificates on the basis of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions and, without prejudice to its 
obligation to pay any amounts due and to perform any non-cash delivery obligations relating to the Certificates, 
in the event that an investor requests the relevant Issuer to repurchase the Securities hold by it prior to their 
maturity, and that Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Certificates ("Buy Back Price") will be 
determined taking into consideration the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall apply only to (i) Securities issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International and/or MBFL and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International act as Dealers, and (ii) 
where the Notional Amount of the Securities is equal to at least Euro 100,000 or its equivalent amount in the 
Specified Currency.  
In addition, if the Specific Buy Back Provisions is specified as being applicable to the Securities in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the "Extra-Yield") on the Securities. More 
information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) may be published by each of the Issuers from 
time to time together with the composition of the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
In this General Security Condition 6.2 
"Buy-Back Price" means the repurchase price of the Securities to be calculated by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International, acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent with respect to the Securities, on the basis

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions.  
"Market Value" means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the relevant bid/ask 
prices for all the Securities, as determined by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International, acting in its capacity 
as Calculation Agent with respect to the Certificates, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner.  
"Underlying Transactions" means any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: 
(i) Cash-CDS Arbitrage, (ii) Index-Components Arbitrage, and/or (iii) General Arbitrage, where:  
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS  
where:  
"Cash Instrument" means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by Mediobanca or Mediobanca 
International) or basket of debt obligations, with maturities and notionals potentially larger, respectively, than the 
Settlement Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Securities;  
"Replicating CDS" means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity, principal amount of the 
Cash Instrument, and having as reference entity the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer’s parent or the Issuer’s 
affiliate of the Cash Instrument.  
"Index-Components Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components  
where:  
"Credit Index" means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and notionals potentially 
larger, respectively, than the Settlement Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Certificates, and any 
successor and/or replacement index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx and CDX 
indices, as selected by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International, acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Certificates and in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index may also be a portfolio of 
credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital structure, i.e. summing up to any Markit credit default 
swap index.  
"CDS Components" means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having similar notional, 
maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. CDS Components may also be a 
portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and 
aggregate reference entities as the components of the Credit Index.  
"General  Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
where:  
"Asset Instruments" means any instrument (including funds or obligations, also assetbacked) carrying title to, 
or otherwise linked to, credit, rates, equities, commodities or, currencies, emission allowances or other 
marketable assets capable of economic assessment , with maturities and notionals that can be longer and/or 
higher, respectively, than the Settlement Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Certificates.  
“Replicating Derivatives” means any contract designed to hedge the exposure arising from the Asset 
Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself or any of its underlyings. For example: 
commodity certificate + future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option 
(“convertible arbitrage”) 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International 
in their reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the Securities. 
The composition of the Underlying Transaction shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International on their website http://www.mediobanca.com or on the website of Euronext Dublin or 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means of publication, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
AGENTS, DETERMINATIONS, MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
7.1. 
Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, Custodian and the Account Bank initially appointed 
by the relevant Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Custodian act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and/or the Liquidation Agent 
and/or the Custodian and/or the Account Bank and/or the Settlement Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, Liquidation Agents, Custodians, Account Banks, Calculation Agents or Settlement Agents 
provided that the relevant Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the 
Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Securities may be listed and (v) 
with reference to the Secured Securities, so long as any Secured Securities are outstanding there will at all times 
be a Liquidation Agent and, if required, a Custodian and/or Account Bank. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the holders of 
Securities in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
The Fiscal Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified 
office is 60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust 
parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping 
ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating 
model BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
The Italian Paying Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The Custodian initially appointed by MBFL is is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified office is 
60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial 
group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating model of 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
The Account Bank initially appointed by MBFL is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified office 
is 60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being 
part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may 
entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping 
ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating 
model of BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, the relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Euroclear Registrar, provided that (a) there will at all times be a Euroclear Registrar and (b) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, 
there will at all times be a Euroclear Registrar with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. In acting under the Euroclear 
Agreement, the Euroclear Registrar acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor 
and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with the Holders. 
The Euroclear Registrar appinted in connecion with each Security will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
7.2. 
Calculation Agent  
In relation to each issue of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the relevant Issuer or another entity) 
acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the 
Securities by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on 
the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the relevant Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
7.3. 
Determinations by the relevant Issuer 
Any determination made by the relevant Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders. 
7.4. 
Occurrence of certain events 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent are under no obligation to monitor whether or not any of the applicable 
events described in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Securities), Annex 3 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Share Securities), Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities), Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities), Annex 6 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Securities), Annex 7 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities), Annex 8 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Currency Securities), Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Securities); Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities) and Annex 11 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities) has occurred in respect of any Security, 
Underlying Reference or Component, as the case may be. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
shall be liable to any Securityholder for losses resulting from (i) any determination that any such event has 
occurred or has not occurred, (ii) the timing relating to the determination that any such event has occurred or has 
not occurred or (iii) any actions taken or not taken by the relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with these Conditions as a result of such determination that any such event has occurred or has not 
occurred. 
7.5. 
Meetings of Securityholders 
With respect to Securities, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or (in the case of the CREST Dematerialised 
Securities) the Euroclear Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of holders of Securities to 
consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Securities 
(including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Securities and the relevant Final Terms).  
An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Securityholders of a 
Series of Securities, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia: 
(i) 
to modify the date of exercise of the Securities; 
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the Cash Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the Securities; 
(iii) 
to alter the currency of payment of the Securities other than pursuant to General Security Condition 15 
(Adjustments for European Monetary Union),  
will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Securityholders of such Series of Securities (or at any 
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum provided for in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or (in 
the case of the CREST Dematerialised Securities) in the Euroclear Agreement is present.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
7.6. 
Modifications and waivers in relation to Securities 
(i) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the Securityholders of a Series the 
Securities correct: 
A. 
any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms; 
B. 
any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
and/or in the Final Terms; or 
C. 
any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms between 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or the Final Terms and any other documents 
prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Securities, 
provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the Securityholders of the relevant Series of 
Securities.  
Any such correction shall be binding on the Securityholders of the relevant Series of Securities and the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series of Securities as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
In addition, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may modify from time to time in the relevant Final 
Terms the time references to certain Business Days contained in these Conditions. 
(ii) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement or (in the case of the CREST Dematerialised Securities) the Euroclear Agreement, if to do 
so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
Securities. 
(iii) 
With respect to Secured Securities, the Security Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the 
Securityholders, at any time and from time to time concur with MBFL in making or permitting any 
modification to  the Security Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, any Additional Charging 
Document, any Charged Agreement or any other transaction do.cument relating to a Series of Secured 
Securities to which it is a party (the “Relevant Documents” and each a “Relevant Document”) 
PROVIDED THAT the Security Trustee is of the opinion that: 
A. 
such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
B. 
in the opinion of the Security Trustee such modification is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, 
proven.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Security Trustee may determine, shall be binding upon the Securityholders and unless the Security 
Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by MBFL to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
(iv) 
With respect to Secured Securities, the Security Trustee is obliged to consent to any modification to a 
Series of Secured Securities or any Relevant Document if directed and requested to so do by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders of such Series, provided that it will not be obliged to 
consent to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Security Trustee, would have the effect of: 
A. 
exposing the Security Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction; or 
B. 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Security Trustee in 
Secured Securities, or any Relevant Document. 
(v) 
With respect to Secured Securities, the Security Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the 
Securityholders, and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, at any time and 
from time to time but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Securityholders shall not 
be materially prejudiced thereby waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by MBFL or any 
other person of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Secured Securities, or any Relevant 
Document, provided that the Security Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this 
clause in contravention of any express direction given by the Instructing Creditor.  
Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to 
such conditions (if any) as the Security Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Securityholders 
and, if, but only if, the Security Trustee shall so require, shall be notified by MBFL to the 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
8. 
NOTICES  
All notices to Securityholders shall be valid if (i) except in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, until such 
time as any Definitive Securities are issued, the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for 
communication by them to the Securityholders, or in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, mailed to the 
Holder at the address of the Holder appearing in the Record on the second Business Day prior to despatch of 
such notice, by first class post or, if such address is not in the United Kingdom, by airmail post (any such notice 
to be delivered or sent at the risk of the relevant Holder); (ii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market (and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin), the notice is 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin), (iii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Exchange, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (which shall include publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), 
and (iv) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the Italian Stock Exchange, the notice is 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Italian Stock Exchange (which shall include 
publication on the website of the Italian Stock Exchange (www.borsaitaliana.it)). The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange (or any 
other relevant authority) on which the Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. If Definitive Securities are issued, notices to Securityholders will be deemed validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of delivery to the relevant Clearing System(s) or the date of publication, as the case may be, or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first publication. 
9. 
EXPENSES AND TAXATION 
(a) 
A holder of Securities must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities and/or 
the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Securities ("Expenses") 
relating to such Securities as provided above. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Securityholder shall be liable for 
and/or pay, any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
exercise or enforcement of any Security by any person. All payments made by the relevant Issuer shall be made 
subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or 
deducted and no additional amount shall be payable to any relevant Securityholder in respect of any such tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment. 
10. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create and issue further 
Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the outstanding Securities, provided that 
with respect to Secured Securities: 
(a) 
where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms, then 
the Counterparty or MBFL shall deliver or transfer additional Collateral Assets to MBFL or the 
Custodian, as applicable, pursuant to the Charged Agreement(s) and enter into an additional or 
supplemental Charged Agreement(s) (if applicable); or 
(b) 
where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then MBFL shall 
provide additional Collateral Assets to the extent required, 
in each case so that the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied immediately after issue of the further

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Securities (even if this is not the case subsequently) and in each case references to Securities and Collateral 
Assets and, where applicable, Charged Agreement(s) shall thereafter be deemed to be references to such terms 
as amended to take into account the further issue. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
11.1. Substitution of Issuer  
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca International, the Guarantor may at any time, 
without the consent of the holders of Securities, substitute Mediobanca, or any other third party entity, as 
Issuer in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International, or any other third party entity, 
as Issuer in place of Mediobanca (each a "Substitute") upon notice by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca International) and the Substitute to be given in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) provided that; 
(i) no payment in respect of the Securities or the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee (as the 
case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii)  the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Programme Manual as 
Schedule 9 (the "Deed Poll"), agree to indemnify each holder of Securities against any incremental 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Securities or the Deed of Covenant and which would not have been 
so imposed or otherwise suffered by any holder of Securities had the substitution not been made, as 
well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to 
the substitution; 
(iii) in respect of Securities issued by Mediobanca International, where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Securities and Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in 
accordance with the terms thereof; 
(iv) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Securities and Deed of Covenant represent 
valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where applicable, of the 
Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or, where the 
Securities are CREST Dematerialised Securities, the Euroclear Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Securities), from lawyers of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred 
to in (ii) above, in Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this General

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Security Condition 11 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Securities are legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii)  each stock exchange on which the Securities are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; and 
(viii) if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive service of 
process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall succeed to, 
and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the relevant Issuer under the Securities 
and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, or the Euroclear Agreement (in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Securities), with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the relevant Issuer 
herein, and the relevant Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Securities and under the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, or the Euroclear Agreement (in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities). 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Security Condition 11.1(a), the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in General Security 
Condition 11.1(a) and General Security Condition 11.1(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in 
these Conditions to the relevant Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Security Condition 11.1(a) or General Security Condition 11.1(c) 
any Substitute may, without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Fiscal 
Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities). Copies of such 
documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities). 
11.2. Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution pursuant to General Security Condition 11.1 (Substitution of Issuer) above, the Conditions 
will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, replacement of references to the 
Republic of Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by references to the country of incorporation, domicile 
and/or residence for tax purposes of the Substitute, as the case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
11.3. Limitation to Substitution of Issuer 
The General Security Condition 11 (Substitution of the relevant Issuer) do not apply to Securities issued by

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
MBFL. 
12. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Securities, the 
Securities and, save as described below any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from or 
connected with the Securities are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, 
save for the status provisions applicable to the Securities and the contractual recognition of bail-in 
powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions set out in General Security Conditions 23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in power) 
and 24 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in power) (the “status and bail-in recognition 
provisions”), which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if the 
Securities are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca 
International), as applicable. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the 
Securities, the Securities are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law, save, 
in case Securities are issued by Mediobanca International, for the status and bail-in recognition 
provisions which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law. Articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, 
are not applicable to the Securities. In relation to Secured Securities, the Custody Agreement and the 
Account Bank Agreement are governed by the Luxembourg law. Any Additional Charging Document 
may be governed by a law other than English law. 
(b) 
English courts: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Securities, the 
courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising from or 
connected with the Securities, whether arising out of or in connection with contractual or non-
contractual obligations, subject to the status and bail-in recognition provisions. If it is specified in the 
Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Securities, the Courts of Milan shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with these Securities, whether 
arising out of or in connection with contractual or non-contractual obligations, subject to the status and 
bail-in recognition provisions. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Securities, 
each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue 
to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of notices/documents: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Securities, each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the documents 
which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to 
be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on them by being delivered to Mediobanca – 
London Branch, 4th floor, 62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, United Kingdom. If such person is not or 
ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the relevant Issuer and the

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
Guarantor (where applicable), the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the 
written demand of any Securityholder addressed and delivered to the relevant Issuer and to the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), appoint a further person in England to accept service 
of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Securityholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and delivered to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) or to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities),. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Securityholder to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-applicable Conditions if Italian law applies to the Securities: If it is specified in the Final Terms 
that Italian law is applicable to the Securities, General Security Condition 12(c), General Security 
Condition 12(d) and General Security Condition 16 (Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) shall 
not apply. 
13. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS AND OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
13.1. Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(ii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in 
any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities; or 
(iii) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Securities from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without 
limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence 
in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined below) whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and 
including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any 
amount payable or deliverable under the Certificates, or the value of the Certificates, is determined by reference 
in whole or in part by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has 
occurred or will occur: 
(i) any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU BMR”) and the EU 
BMR as it forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal 
Act) 2018 (the “UK BMR”) (together the “BMR”);  
"BRRD" means the directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms;  
"Cancellation Event" means, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, all or some of the Debt 
Instruments are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and as a result thereof it is 
impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer or its Affiliates to hedge the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Securities; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any 
tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
or application of any law or regulation by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with 
competent jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory 
authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge position 
relating to an Index (in the case of Index Securities), any relevant hedge position relating to a Debt 
Instrument (in the case of Debt Securities), any relevant hedge position relating to a Share (in the case of

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
Share Securities), any relevant hedge position relating to an ETI Interest (in the case of ETI Securities), any 
relevant hedge position relating to a Commodity or Commodity Index (in the case of Commodity Securities) 
or any relevant hedge position relating to a Fund Share (in the case of Fund Securities) (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect of 
any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities in issue or, unless Hedge 
Maintenance Cost is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any Hedge; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure;  
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC;  
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant 
authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis);  
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") in which the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the 
Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments (for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities) are denominated, into the Settlement Currency, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local 
Currency or the Settlement Currency outside of the country in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt 
Instruments or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments 
respectively are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the 
Local Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement Currency for payment under the Securities; 
"Extraordinary External Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist activity of 
any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any 
other causes or impediments beyond such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any 
Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, of all or substantially all of its 
assets in the Local Currency jurisdiction; 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is 
due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets; 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other political subdivision 
thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal 
or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or 
administrative functions of or pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or 
any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to the Securities; 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty in respect of the Securities announces its inability to 
meet its financial obligations, ceases its payments or a court in its jurisdiction of incorporation opens insolvency 
proceedings against it and the Issuer or the Guarantor is unable to replace such hedging counterparty on terms 
acceptable to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Securities) or 
the number of Shares (in the case of Share Securities) that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems necessary 
to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract on any Commodity or, in the case of a 
Commodity Index, Index Component (in the case of Commodity Securities) or, in respect of any Debt Securities,

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
any relevant hedge positions relating to a Debt Instrument, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any Debt Securities, any 
relevant hedge positions relating to a Debt Instrument, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Securities) or any Share (in the case 
of Share Securities) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to 
such Share, security, component or commodity in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it 
consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of 
such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible 
for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in the 
future) in the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or, unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or 
the Debt Instruments in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations: 
(a) 
under the Securities; or 
(b) 
unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Securities (including, without limitation, any

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan 
transactions, derivatives position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements (however 
described) by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the Securities),  
or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority or 
otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component security comprised in an Index (in the 
case of Index Securities) or any Share (in the case of Share Securities) in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares 
at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as 
amended (the "Luxembourg BRRD Law"), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under 
Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which certain eligible liabilities of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into equity or other types of capital instruments of such regulated entity or any 
other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a contract governing an obligation of a 
regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to 
any institution or entity (which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group 
companies) referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with 
respect to the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, Cancellation Event, 
Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Extraordinary External Event, Hedging Party Default, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction Event, Insolvency Filing, Loss of Stock 
Borrow, Stop-Loss Event and/or Significant Alteration Event, in each case if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any 
successor authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution 
authority, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in 
Italy or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Mediobanca from time to time; and 
(ii) in respect of Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as 
resolution authority within the meaning of Article 3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Significant Alteration Event" means the occurrence after the Issue Date of any event or combination of events 
or circumstances that are not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the Securities 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, but do not render performance of the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities impossible; 
"SRM Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) No.806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later, the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark:  
(i)  
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will suspend or 
withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under any 
applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Certificates; or 
(ii)  
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official 
register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable law in order for any of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Certificates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where inclusion in any 
official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Certificates under the applicable law or regulation during 
the period of such suspension or withdrawal; and 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
13.2. If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
occurs (other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Issuer may take the action described in 
(a) or, if applicable, (b) or (c), as the case may be, below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. In the case of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, such adjustment may (i) consist of one or more amendments and/or 
be made on one or more dates, (ii) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the 
relevant event or circumstance in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities and (iii) 
include, without limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the 
Conditions of the Securities including, where applicable, and unless Unwind Costs is specified as not 
applicable, to reflect any increased or decreased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the 
successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder the Early 
Settlement Amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder on: 
(i) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date indicated in the relevant notice as the “Early Settlement Date”; or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Date, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(c) 
in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket 
of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below 
(each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") which is affected by the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes 
of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the 
Weighting and/or Exercise Price and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be 
determined by reference to the initial price of the Affected Share, the initial price of each Substitute Share 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
initial price = A×(B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date; 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which 
may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i)                is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii)                the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs:

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
(A) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered 
on the originally designated Settlement Date in accordance with General Security 
Condition 17.3 (Physical Settlement); and 
(B) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Securityholder 
of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date 
that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Early Settlement Amount" means in respect of each Security held by a Securityholder: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
(b) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
(i) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, (A) the fair market value of each Security, taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event less, (B) unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event 
(the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") plus (C) interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date 
to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(ii) 
if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and if greater than the amount deermined in respect of sub-paragraph (i) above, 
the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
(c) 
if “Highest Value” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined 
in accordance with General Security Condition 20(a); 
(d) 
if “Market Value” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined 
in accordance with General Security Condition 20(b); or 
(e) 
if “Monetisation Option” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined in 
accordance with General Security Condition 20(c); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant Security, the fair market value of such 
Security (taking into account the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as 
provided above), less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (or, 
whereas provided above some Relevant Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, 
such pro rata portion). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, 
such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event. 
14. 
KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT 
14.1. If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or delivery, as 
applicable, under the relevant Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event, 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
14.2. If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or delivery, as 
applicable, under the relevant Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
14.3. In respect of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities and Futures Securities, if the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is the 
Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (a) in respect of 
Securities other than Debt Securities, at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption 
or Early Closure occurs or exists, or (b) in respect or Debt Securities, a Market Disruption Event, as applicable, 
is occurring, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption,

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Early Closure, or Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance 
with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event.  
14.4. In respect of Commodity Securities or Currency Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out 
Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day or a Disrupted Day, as 
applicable, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur notwithstanding such day being a Commodity Disrupted Day or 
a Disrupted Day, as the case may be or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not 
to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
14.5. In respect of Securities other than Debt Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the 
relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time 
during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level, (a) in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, a 
Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, (b) in the case of Currency Securities, a Disruption 
Event or (c) in the case of Commodity Securities, a Market Disruption Event, in each case occurs or exists, then 
(i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or 
Knock-out Event may occur notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption, Early Closure, 
Disruption Event or Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that, in the case of Securities other than Commodity Securities or Currency Securities, if, by operation 
of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level as 
at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event. 
14.6. In respect of Debt Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the exchange on which 
the relevant Debt Instrument is traded or on any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
respect to such Debt Instrument are traded and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time at which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or is occurring, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur notwithstanding such 
Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by 
operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or Knock-out Event.  
14.7. Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (b) each 
Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such in the Knock-in 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (e) each Business Day 
in the Knock-in Determination Period, (f) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (g) each MFP Valution Date, (g) each MFP Valuation Date in MFP 
Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within the Knock-in Determination Period; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Securities are Currency Securities and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FX 
Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Performance 
Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the Securities 
are Currency Securities and unless FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
(ii) (in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Reference as the product of (x) the Level 
of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is: 
(A) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level or, if 
applicable, (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on 
a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (C) "outside" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the other level, amount, number or percentage specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Currency Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Securities), a Fund 
Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Currency Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Securities), a Fund 
Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant 
Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (b) each 
Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such in the Knock-out 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (e) each Business 
Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (f) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (g) each MFP Valution Date, (g) each MFP Valuation Date in 
MFP Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within the Knock-out Determination 
Period; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-out Value is, 
or 
(b) 
if the Securities are Currency Securities and FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FX 
Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
Performance Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the Securities 
are Currency Securities and unless FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying References as the product 
of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
(A) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level or, if 
applicable, (B) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (C) "outside" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or other level, amount, number or percentage specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Currency Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Securities), , a Fund 
Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Currency Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Securities), a Fund 
Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be;  
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the 
Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-out Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 14.7, (i) the "official level", "official close", 
"last price", "traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation Price

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
Source, as applicable, or (ii) if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the 
case of Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, 
(b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference (c) in the case of Commodity 
Securities, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange 
of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such 
Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or, in each case determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" level, at 
such time as the official close is published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation 
Price Source, as applicable; 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index Security 
Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);  
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 (Extraordinary 
Events);  
(c) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, Commodity Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), 
Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Security Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index); 
(f) 
in the case of Currency Securities, Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events), Currency 
Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event);  
(g) 
in the case of Futures Securities, Futures Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future);  
(h) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption) Debt Security 
Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or 
Cancellation of a Debt Instrument);  
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 14, each Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument, Commodity, Fund, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future or other basis of 
reference to which the relevant Securities relate. 
15. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Unless Redenomination is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, on giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices): 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Securities shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) where the Settlement Currency of the Securities is the National Currency Unit of a country 
which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such 
Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original 
Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to 
rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and after 
the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities 
will be made solely in euro as though references in the Securities to the Settlement Currency 
were to euro; 
(ii) where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as completed in the 
applicable Final Terms) are expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the 
exchange from or into, the currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is 
participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange 
Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the 
case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be into, euro at the Established 
Rate; and 
(iii) such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as completed in the applicable Final 
Terms) as the relevant Issuer may decide, in its sole and absolute discretion to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Settlement 
Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor any of their Affiliates, 
the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall be liable to any Securityholder or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer 
of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this General Security Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice given to the 
Securityholders pursuant to this General Security Condition which falls on or after the date on 
which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined 
on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
"Treaty" means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
Subject as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and in the Euroclear Agreement (the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Securities) the Securities do not confer on any third party any rights under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the “Act”) to enforce any term of the Securities, but this does not affect any 
right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act. 
17. 
EXERCISE OF CERTIFICATES 
17.1. Exercise Date 
Subject to General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement) and, in the case of Credit Securities, to 
the provisions of Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities), each Certificate shall be 
automatically exercised on the Exercise Date. 
17.2. Cash Settlement 
If the Certificates are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Cash Settled Securities ("Cash Settled 
Certificates"), each such Certificate entitles its holder to receive from the relevant Issuer on the Settlement Date 
the Cash Settlement Amount, less any Expenses not already paid. 
This General Security Condition 17.2 does not apply to Credit Securities. 
17.3.  Physical Settlement  
If the Certificates are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Physical Settled Securities ("Physical Delivery 
Certificates"), each such Certificate entitles its holder, subject to the provisions of General Security Condition 4 
(Physical Delivery Provisions) and, where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1”

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, General Security Condition 21.1 (Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice Requirement), to receive from the relevant Issuer on the Settlement Date the Entitlement, 
subject to payment of any Expenses. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificates of the same Securityholder automatically 
exercised and, where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of which a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (as 
defined below) has been duly given as provided in General Security Condition 21.1 (Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice Requirement), will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements 
in respect of such Certificates, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder 
will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or 
of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and a cash adjustment amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of such fractions of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash 
adjustment amount will be paid (i) where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the account specified in the relevant Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice and (ii) where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following exercise of a Share Security or ETI Security which is a Physical Delivery Certificate, all dividends on 
the relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to 
market practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI Interests executed on the Exercise Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Shares or ETI Interests, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such 
dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid (i) where “Physical Settlement according to General 
Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the account specified by the 
Securityholder in the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice as referred to in General Security 
Condition 21.1 and (ii) where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Security Condition 17.3 does not apply to Credit Securities. 
17.4. This section is intentionally left blank 
17.5. Automatic Early Settlement  
This General Security Condition 17.5 applies to Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities, ETI 
Securities, Currency Securities, Commodity Securities, Futures Securities, Fund Securities and, if FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying Interest 
Rate Securities only. 
(a) If Automatic Early Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then unless 
previously settled or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date or

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
(ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, then the Certificates will be automatically settled in 
whole, but not in part, and on the Automatic Early Settlement Date each Certificate will entitle its holder to 
receive from the Issuer the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Amount or, in case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the Early Settlement Entitlement, as the case may be, less any Expenses not already paid. 
(b) Notwithstanding General Security Condition 17.5(a), an Automatic Early Settlement Event 1 may only 
occur on an AES 1 Settlement Valuation Date or in respect of an AES 1 Settlement Valuation Period and 
an Automatic Early Settlement Event 2 may only occur on an AES 2 Settlement Valuation Date or in 
respect of an AES 2 Settlement Valuation Period. 
(c) Definitions relating to Automatic Early Settlement: 
"AES Event 1 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference comprising 
the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Event 2 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying References or each Underlying Reference comprising 
the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Knock-out" means the occurrence (such date of occurrence, the AES Knock-out Date) of a Knock-
out Event and/or a Knock-in Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"AES Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Range Level 1" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Range Level 2" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Rate(s)" means the rate(s) specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Settlement Date; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Amount" means an amount equal to the Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Notional 
Amount in respect of such Certificate and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Percentage and the relevant AES Rate relating to that Automatic Early Settlement Date provided that if the 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on settlement of the Certificate 
pursuant to this General Security Condition. If the Automatic Early Settlement Amount is not an amount in

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Date" means (i) if Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout or FI Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Payment Date immediately 
following the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event" means: 
(a) if Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the Cumulative Remuneration (i) is equal to or greater than or (ii) greater than or (iii) equal to or 
less than or (iv) less than, the Automatic Early Settlement Percentage; 
(b) if FI Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that: 
(i) (in respect of an Underlying Reference (other than an Alternative Currency)) the Underlying 
Reference Level is; or 
(ii) (in respect of an Alternative Currency), the FX Coupon Performance determined by the 
Calculation Agent is 
equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Settlement Level 1 and (ii) less than or equal to the 
Automatic Early Settlement Level 2; 
(c) if FI Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the product of (i) the Remuneration Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case in 
respect of the Current Remuneration Period is equal to or greater than the relevant Automatic Early 
Settlement Percentage;  
(d) if Standard Automatic Early Settlement and MFP AES Valuation are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) the MFP AES Value 1 in respect of the AES Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", 
(bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Settlement Level 1, or (ee) "within" the AES Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AES 
Range Level 1, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Settlement Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)  
(ii) if Automatic Early Settlement Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the MFP AES Value 2 in respect of the AES Event 2 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Settlement Level 2 or (ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" 
the AES Range Level 2, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic 
Early Settlement Event 2");  
(e) if Standard Automatic Early Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
MFP AES Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that: 
(i) (A) if AES Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AES Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Settlement Level 1, or 
(ee) "within" the AES Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level 1, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Settlement Event 1"); and/or (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms)  
(ii) if Automatic Early Settlement Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(A) if AES Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Level 2 or (B) if AES Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Settlement Level 2, or 
(ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level 2, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Settlement Event 2"); 
(f) if Single Standard Automatic Early Settlement and MFP AES Valuation are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, that the MFP AES Value is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Settlement Level, or (ee) 
"within" the AES Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(g) if Single Standard Automatic Early Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and MFP AES Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that (A) in the 
case of a single Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Level or (B) in the case of a Basket 
of Underlying References, the Basket Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) 
"less than" (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Settlement Level, or (ee) "within" the AES 
Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(h) if AES Knock-out is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an AES Knock-out occurs;  
(i) if Leveraged Automatic Early Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms that 
the Reference Level is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Leveraged Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
(j) if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and MFP Target Automatic Early Settlement Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory Snowball 
Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Settlement Level as of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date;  
"Automatic Early Settlement Level" means: 
(i) 
the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant 
Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
if "Reset AES Level" is specified as such for such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Reset AES Level in respect of such Automatic Early Settlement 
Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Percentage(s)" means the percentage(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Settlement Date; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" means (i) the AES Knock-out Date or (ii) each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (including the AES 1 Settlement Valuation Date and AES 2 
Settlement Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in respect of 
Commodity Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case 
of other Securities), as applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, 
Commodity Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, 
a or a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Securities). If any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, or (except in the case of Commodity Securities) a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of 
"Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were 
to "Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Securities) if any such day is 
a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Automatic Early Settlement

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Valuation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation 
Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date";  
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Period" means the period (including the AES 1 Settlement 
Valuation Period and AES 2 Settlement Valuation Period (if any)) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 17.5, the 
Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, Basket of Debt Instruments, Basket of Commodities, 
Basket of Futures, Fund Basket or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Securities may 
relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying References 
comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level of such Underlying References 
comprising the Basket on such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AES 1 Settlement Valuation Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AES Event 1 Underlying comprising the Basket 
as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 1 of such AES Event 1 Underlying on such AES 1 
Settlement Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AES 2 Settlement Valuation Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AES Event 2 Underlying comprising the Basket 
as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 2 of such AES Event 2 Underlying on such AES 2 
Settlement Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting; 
"Cumulative Remuneration" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, (a) the 
sum of the values calculated for each Remuneration Period preceding the Current Remuneration Period as 
the product of (i) the Remuneration Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count 
Fraction, in each case for such Remuneration Period plus (b) the product of (i) the Remuneration Rate and 
(ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current 
Remuneration Period; 
"Current Remuneration Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, the 
Remuneration Period during which such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date falls; 
"Early Settlement Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Certificate, and an Underlying 
Reference or, as the case may be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Automatic Early Settlement Date in 
respect of each such Certificate following payment of any sums payable and Expenses rounded down as

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
provided in General Security Condition 17.3 (Physical Settlement), as determined by the Calculation Agent 
including any documents evidencing such Entitlement, specified in the applicable Final Terms or in 
accordance with the following: 
(a) 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
(c) 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Leveraged Barrier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum AES Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum AES Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Level" means the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)  
Where: 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date. 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 × Multiple Underlying Reference Rate(𝑖)

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, the 
Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date.  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date.  
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day.  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period.  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such 
period, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under General Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes of this General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early 
Settlement) and in relation to an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, the last Fee 
Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but exclude) on the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index Security 
Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);  
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 (Extraordinary 
Events);

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
(c) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events);  
(d) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, Commodity Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) 
Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and a Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Security Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index);  
(e) 
in the case of Currency Securities, Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events), Currency 
Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
(f) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event); 
(g) 
in the case of Futures Securities, Futures Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future); and 
(h) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Security 
Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or 
Cancellation of a Debt Intrument);  
"MFP AES Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP AES Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP AES Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset AES Level" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant MFP AES Value:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
Max (Reset AES Floor Level, Preceding AES Level) 
"Reset AES Floor Level" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, the 
percentage level specified as such for such Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Preceding AES Level" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, the MFP AES 
Value in respect of the immediately preceding Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 17.5 each Index, 
Share, Debt Instrument, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future, Fund, 
Underlying Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate. If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component 
Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest 
Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for the purposes of this General Security 
Condition 17.5 and the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute 
an Underlying Reference;  
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, (i) 
"official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms published by the Observation 
Price Source specified in the Final Terms or (ii) if Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the 
relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant Underlying 
Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Securities, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of Currency 
Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the 
Base Currency can be exchanged), (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, (f) in the case 
of an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, or (g) if FI Underlying Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Multiple Underlying Interest 
Rate is specified as applicable, the Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time on such Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Date as the "official close" level is published by the Observation Price Source;  
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AES 1 Settlement Valuation Date, (i) if 
Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Securities, 
ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant AES Event 1 Underlying, (b) in the case of 
Index Securities, the level of the relevant AES Event 1 Underlying, (c) in the case of Commodity 
Securities, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the 
exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (f) in the case of an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Time on such AES 1 Settlement Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Securities 
or Currency Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies, the "last price" of the relevant AES Event 
1 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AES Event 1 Underlying; and 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AES 2 Settlement Valuation Date, (i) if 
Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Securities, 
ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant AES Event 2 Underlying, (b) in the case of 
Index Securities, the level of the relevant AES Event 2 Underlying, (c) in the case of Commodity 
Securities, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the 
exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in 
the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (f) in the case of an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Time on such AES 2 Settlement Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Securities 
or Currency Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies, the "last price" of the relevant AES Event 
2 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AES Event 2 Underlying. 
(d) AES Rate Determination  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AES Rate is determined by reference to a Screen Rate, 
the AES Rate will be determined pursuant to Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 
7, as applicable, save that references therein to "Underlying Reference Rate" shall be deemed to be 
references to "AES Rate". 
17.6. Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1  
Notwithstanding General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement), if "Automatic Early Settlement" 
and Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 are specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, then unless previously settled or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early 
Settlement Event occurs, then the Certificates will be automatically settled in whole, but not in part, on the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms following the Valuation Date (as 
defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities) (the "Automatic Early Settlement Date") and the amount payable by the Issuer upon 
settlement of each Certificate shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Settlement Amount" means an amount in the Settlement Currency (as defined in Formulas 
Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic 
Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
Securities)) equal to the Automatic Early Settlement Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on settlement of the Certificate pursuant 
to this General Security Condition 17.6. 
The Automatic Early Settlement Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency half of any sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event" means that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at the Observation 
Time(s) (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities)) on an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date (the "Relevant 
Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date"): 
(a) 
with respect to a Call Certificate, the Observation Price (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities)) is less 
than or equal to the applicable Security Threshold (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities)); or 
(b) 
with respect to a Put Certificate, the Observation Price is greater than or equal to the applicable Security 
Threshold; and 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" means each Relevant Business Day (as defined in Formulas 
Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic 
Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities) from (and including) the Issue Date (notwithstanding the occurrence of (in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities or Currency Securities) a Disrupted Day, (in the case of Commodity 
Securities) a Commodity Disrupted Day or (otherwise) a Market Disruption Event. 
17.7. Issuer Call Option 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the following provisions will 
apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the Issuer may exercise the Call Option in relation to all or some of the 
Certificates by giving irrevocable notice (the "Call Option Exercise Notice") to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). The Call Option Exercise Notice may be given 
(i) on each Call Option Exercise Date, if European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as Call 
Option Style or (ii) on any day during each Call Option Exercise Period, if American Style is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as Call Option Style. In case of exercise of the Call Option, the Certificates 
for which the Call Option has been exercised will be settled on the relevant Optional Settlement Date 
(Call) at their Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Call), determined on the Optional Settlement

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Valuation Date, together with any remuneration (if any), calculated as if it was accrued until (but 
excluding) such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; or. 
(b) 
 if Call Option Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in respect of one 
or more Call Option Exercise Dates or Call Option Exercise Periods specified therein, the Issuer’s right 
to exercise, in relation to all or some of the Certificates, the Call Option on the relevant Call Option 
Exercise Date or during the relevant Call Option Exercise Periods (as the case may be) is conditional on 
the Call Option Condition being satisfied. In case of satisfaction of the Call Option Condition, the Call 
Option may be exercised by the Issuer and any Call Option Exercise Notice to the Securityholders must 
be given in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) and must specify that the Call 
Option Condition has been satisfied.  The Certificates for which the Call Option has been exercised will 
be settled in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Call Option Condition may apply in addition to, or as alternative to, the Call Option rights set forth in 
sub-paragraph (a) above. 
In the case where the Certificates are not CREST Dematerialised Securities and the Call Option is exercised in 
relation to some (but not all) of the Certificates,  the Call Option Exercise Notice to the Securityholders shall 
also contain the serial numbers of the Certificates to be exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
In the case where the Certificates are CREST Dematerialised Securities and the Call Option is exercised in 
relation to some (but not all) of the Certificates, the Call Option Exercise Notice to the Securityholders shall 
specify any procedures for partial redemption laid down in the then applicable Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations. 
"Call Option Condition(s)" means, if the Call Option Condition is applicable in relation to the Certificates, the 
occurrence of a Call Option Event. 
"Call Option Event" means that  (i) on any Call Option Exercise Valuation Date or (ii) during a Call Option 
Exercise Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
A) 
the Settlement Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Call Trigger Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
B) 
if Leveraged Certificates Call Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Reference Level, is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Call Trigger Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Call Option Exercise Date(s)” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Call Option Exercise Period(s)” means the period(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
ETI Securities, a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the 
case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), as applicable, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, 
in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Commodity Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share 
Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of 
Commodity Securities). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Call Option Exercise Valuation 
Date" or (in the case of Commodity Securities) if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to 
"Pricing Date" were to "Call Option Exercise Valuation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment 
Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Call Option Exercise Valuation 
Date"; 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Trigger Barrier" means the means the number or value specified in the Final Terms; 
"Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Call)" means, in respect of each Certificate for which a Call Option is 
exercied, an amount calculated on the Optional Settlement Valuation Date by the Calculation Agent and being 
equal to: 
a) the amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) the Call Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Call Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable on settlement of such Certificate. 
"Optional Settlement Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in (or determined in accordance with) 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Level" means the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - (Participation 
Factor-1) × Feest)  
where: 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Fixing Date. 
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of a Call Option Exercise Valuation Date, the Settlement Price as of the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding such Call Option Exercise Valuation Date.  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day.  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period.  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, expressed 
as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination under General 
Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual Commencing 
Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period commencing on (and 
including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes 
of this General Security Condition 17.7 and in relation to a Call Option Exercise Valuation Date, the last 
Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but exclude) on such Call Option Exercise Valuation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 17.7 each Index, Share, 
Debt Instrument, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future, Fund, Underlying 
Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate. If two or more Underlying 
Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each 
Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be 
calculated separately and independently but for the purposes of this General Security Condition 17.7 and the 
Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference;  
17.8. Securityholders Put Option 
If (i) the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (ii) "Maturity Extension" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer duly gives a Maturity Extension Notice 
and/or (iii) "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer duly gives a 
Reverse Split Notice, then the following provisions will apply:

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
(a) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Certificates, settle in whole (but not in part), such Certificates on the 
relevant Optional Settlement Date (Put) indicated in the Final Terms at their Optional Cash Settlement 
Amount (Put) determined on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Optional Settlement 
Valuation Date") together with any remuneration (if any), calculated as if it was accrued up to such 
date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Certificates, settle in whole (but not in part), such Certificates on the 
relevant Optional Settlement Date (Put), being the Business Day falling the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, after the receipt by the relevant Paying Agent or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) of the Put Option Exercise Notice 
(indicated in paragraphs (c), (d) of (f) below), at the Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put) 
determined on the Optional Settlement Valuation Date together with any remuneration (if any), 
calculated as if it was accrued, up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
If the Certificate is a Definitive Security, to exercise the Put Option, the Securityholder must deliver at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the Put Option Exercise Notice Period, a duly completed and signed option exercise 
notice (the "Put Option Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent accompanied 
by the Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Certificate will, 
following delivery of the Put Option Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control in a 
manner reasonably satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned.  
(d) 
If the Certificate is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli, and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, to exercise the Put Option, the Securityholder must, within the Put Option 
Exercise Notice Period, give notice to the Paying Agent concerned of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli, and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli, and/or any other relevant Clearing System or any common 
depositary for them to the Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli, and/or any other relevant Clearing System from time to time 
(the "Put Option Exercise Notice").  
(e) 
If the Certificates are CREST Dematerialised Securities, to exercise the Put Option, the Holder of the 
Certificates must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Optional Settlement Date (Put), 
deposit with the Euroclear Registrar a duly completed and signed option exercise notice and in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations (the "Put Option Exercise Notice"). 
The Put Option Exercise Notice is irrevocable and (except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agent 
Agreement, or in the Euroclear Agreement, as applicable) may not be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
The Put Option Exercise Notice shall be carried out in relation to a number of Certificates in the same series. 
Any Put Option Exercise Notice, which has not been sent pursuant to this paragraph and within the terms 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or has not been received by the Paying Agent within the time specified 
above, will not be considered valid. Once the Put Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Certificates in respect 
of which the Put Option has been exercised shall not be transferred to third parties. 
The "Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put)" in respect of each Certificate shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to: 
a) 
the amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
b) 
the Put Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Put Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable on settlement of such Certificate. 
17.9. Maturity Extension – SFP Leverage Factor Securities 
If "Maturity Extension" and SFP Leverage Factor Securities are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously settled or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Maturity Extension Notice Period") give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) (a "Maturity Extension Notice") (which notice shall be irrevocable) of its 
election to (i) postpone the Settlement Date of the Certificates to the Postponed Settlement Date. Upon receipt of 
the Maturity Extension Notice, the Securityholder of any Certificate may request that the Issuer early settle such 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 17.8 (Securityholders Put Option). The Maturity Extension Notice will 
specify the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date.  
Where:  
"Postponed Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Maturity Extension Notice. 
17.10. Reverse Split – SFP Leverage Factor Securities 
If "Reverse Split" and SFP Leverage Factor Securities are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Reverse Split Event occurs, the Issuer may, on giving not less than the minimum notice period nor 
more than the maximum notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Reverse Split Notice 
Period"), give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) (a 
"Reverse Split Notice"), that the Securities will be consolidated and become subject to a Reverse Split (as 
defined below). The Reverse Split Notice will specify: 
(a) 
the date on which the Reverse Split shall take effect (the "Reverse Split Effective Date"); 
(b) 
the New Certificate Ratio; and 
(c) 
the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall, on the Reverse Split Effective Date, cancel each Holding of Certificates held by a 
Securityholder and deliver in lieu thereof an amount of New Certificates equal to the Post Reverse Split

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
Certificate Amount plus (if applicable) the Post Reverse Split Cash Amount (a "Reverse Split"). 
Upon receipt of the Reverse Split Notice in respect of a Holding of Certificates, the Securityholder may request 
that the Issuer early settle each Certificate in such Holding of Certificates in accordance with Condition 17.8  
(Securityholders Put Option). 
The Issuer or, failing which, the Guarantor (if any) will deliver or cause to be delivered the Post Reverse Split 
Certificate Amount and (if applicable) pay or cause to be paid the Post Reverse Split Cash Amount (if any) in 
respect of a Holding of Certificates by transfer or credit to the Holder's account with the relevant Clearing 
System. The Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) will be discharged by such delivery and (if applicable) such 
payment to, or to the order of, the relevant Clearing System. Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular amount of the Certificates must look solely to the relevant 
Clearing System for his share of the New Certificates delivered and each such payment so made to, or to the 
order of, such Clearing System. 
Where: 
"Holding of Certificates" means the aggregate holding of Certificates by a Securityholder in an account at the 
relevant Clearing System; 
"New Certificate Ratio" the ratio specified as such in the applicable Reverse Split Notice; 
"New Certificates" means a new series of Certificates issued by the Issuer with terms identical to the 
Certificates save that the Bear Certificate Value or Bull Certificate Value, as the case may be, will be 
consolidated to reflect the economic effect of the Reverse Split as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
"Post Reverse Split Cash Amount" means, in respect of a Holding of Certificates, the cash adjustment amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent to reflect the economic effect of the Reverse Split acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Post Reverse Split Certificate Amount" means, in respect of a Holding of Certificates, an amount equal to the 
product of (a) the amount of Certificates in such Holding of Certificates immediately prior to such cancellation 
and (b) the New Certificate Ratio;  
"Reverse Split Event" means that the Reverse Split Value is (a) "less than" or (b) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reverse Split Level, (x) on a Reverse Split Valuation Date or (y) on 
any Reverse Split Valuation Day during the Reverse Split Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Split Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Split Valuation Date" means any Relevant Business Day (as such term is defined in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (hh)); 
"Reverse Split Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
"Reverse Split Value" means, in respect of a Certificate and a Relevant Business Day, the Bear Certificate 
Value or Bull Certificate Value, as the case may be, in respect of such Certificate on such a Relevant Business 
Day. 
This Condition 17.10 does not apply to CREST Dematerialised Securities. 
18. 
SETTLEMENT IN INSTALMENTS 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Certificates are Instalment Certificates, each Certificate will be 
settled in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Instalment Certificates are Instalment Certificates (with NA 
Adjustment), each Certificate will be settled (i) in part by payment of the Instalment Amount on the Instalment 
Date and (ii) with final settlement being made pursuant to General Security Condition 17.1 (Exercise Date) and 
General Security Condition 17.2 (Cash Settlement). The Instalment Amount in respect of the Instalment Date 
will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of the Notional Amount immediately 
prior to the Instalment Date and the Instalment Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. Following the 
Instalment Date, the Notional Amount shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount and all calculations and 
determinations in respect of the Certificates shall be made on the basis of the Notional Amount as so reduced.  
19. 
PAYOUT SWITCH 
19.1. If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout Switch Election is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs, the Final 
Payout for the Certificates will be amended (including any relevant Underlying Reference(s) as applicable) (a 
"Payout Switch") from the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms to the Switched Payout specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. With 
reference to the point (i) above, the Issuer may elect to exercise the Payout Switch only once and, with reference 
to point (ii) above, the Payout Switch may occur only once, upon the occurrence for the first time of the 
Automatic Payout Switch Event. Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that: 
(i) 
the MFP APS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than 
or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Payout Switch Level, (x) on a 
MFP APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a MFP APS Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, as the 
case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Payout Switch Level as of an 
MFP APS Valuation Date;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP APS Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP APS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"MFP APS Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
20. 
EARLY SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS 
(a) 
If Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the fair market 
value of a Security or, as the case may be, Settled Amount (notwithstanding any illegality (if 
applicable) and taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, Index Adjustment Event, Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract, Extraordinary Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index 
Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, or Futures Adjustment Event as the case may be) and the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, proportionate share of 
such Protected Amount, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such 
amount shall include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement 
date or, as the case may be, partial settlement date, notified to the Securityholders until the scheduled 
Settlement Date of the Security), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs, 
(including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the Issuer in the Issue 
Price of the Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to 
the Securityholders in the notice of early settlement or, as the case may be, notice of partial settlement; 
 
(b) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of a 
Security or, as the case may be, Settled Amount (notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and 
taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Adjustment Event, Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, 
Extraordinary Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index 
Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, or Futures Adjustment Event, as applicable) calculated (x) 
without taking account of any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such amount, and (y) including 
the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date or, as the case may

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
be, partial settlement date notified to the Securityholders until the scheduled Settlement Date of the 
Securities), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not 
limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, 
such an amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified in the notice of early settlement or, 
as the case may be, notice of partial settlement; 
 
(c) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) the Monetisation Amount (as defined below), such amount to be paid by the Issuer 
(notwithstanding the notice of early settlement) on the Settlement Date; or 
(ii) if the Securityholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, the Market 
Value calculated in accordance with Condition 20 (b) of such Security, such amount to be paid by 
the Issuer on the date fixed for early settlement, as notified to the Securityholders. 
In the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the Issuer must include the following: 
(i) the cut-off date and time for each Securityholders to elect to receive the fair market value on the 
date fixed for early settlement; 
(ii) the date of determination for the fair market value in respect of such election and the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Securities on such date; and 
(iii) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If the Security held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli, and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, other than in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, to make a valid 
election to receive the Market Value on early settlement of the Security the Securityholder of the 
Security must no later than the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early settlement give 
notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent in accordance with the standard procedures Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli and/or any other relevant Clearing System (which may include 
notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli and/or 
any other relevant Clearing System or any common depositary for them to the Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Monte Titoli and/or 
any other relevant Clearing System from time to time. Notice given by a Securityholder pursuant to this 
General Security Condition 20 shall be irrevocable.  
If the Certificates are CREST Dematerialised Securities, to make a valid election to receive the Market 
Value on early settlement of the Certificate, the Holder of the Certificate must no later than the cut-off 
time and date set out in the Issuer's notice of early settlement give notice to the Euroclear Registrar in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
If the Securityholder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on the date fixed for 
early settlement before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Securityholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in respect of such Security on the Settlement 
Date. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 20(c): 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount equal to the greater of the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as follows: 
(S + D) × (1 + r)n 
where: 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Security on the date on which the event 
triggering early settlement occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering early 
settlement occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt 
instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to redemption as 
the remaining time to settlement on the Security from the date fixed for early settlement until the 
scheduled settlement date of the Securities; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities, expressed as a number of 
years; and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the 
Security or the remuneration amount due under the Security in order to enable the Issuer to issue the 
Security at the issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the value, price or 
level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and any futures or options 
relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis 
(bases); and exchange rates (if applicable); 
(b) 
the time remaining until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities; 
(c) 
internal pricing models; and 
(d) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component 
21. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY CONFIRMATION NOTICES AND SETTLEMENT

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
21.1. Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement 
In the case of Physical Delivery Certificates, where “Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in order to obtain delivery of the 
Entitlement the relevant Securityholder (acting through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) must (i) except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, deliver or 
send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to the relevant Clearing System(s) with a copy to the 
Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) and the relevant Issuer not 
later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Exercise Date a duly completed 
physical delivery confirmation notice (a "Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice") in the form set out in the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing 
System(s) or the Paying Agents) in accordance with the provisions set out in this General Security Condition and 
(ii) in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed 
in writing) to the Euroclear Registrar (in a form acceptable thereto) a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (in 
the form set out in the Euroclear Agreement, copies of which form may be obtained from the Euroclear 
Registrar) in accordance with the provisions set out in this General Security Condition) with a copy to the 
relevant Issuer not later than the close of business in the place of receipt on the Exercise Date. If the relevant 
Certificate is in definitive form, such Certificate must be delivered, together with the Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice, to the relevant Issuer and with a copy to the Fiscal Agent. 
(a) 
The Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Certificates and CREST Dematerialised Securities, specify the 
number of the Securityholder's account (or of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder’s account, 
in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing System(s) to be debited with 
the Certificates the subject of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Certificates and CREST Dematerialised Securities, irrevocably 
instruct the relevant Clearing System(s) to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Securityholder's account (or of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder’s account, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) with the Certificates the subject of such Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice; 
(iv) 
(a) except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities include an undertaking to pay all 
Expenses and, except in the case of Definitive Certificates, an authority to the relevant Clearing 
System(s) to debit a specified account of the Securityholder (or the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing 
System(s) in respect thereof or (b) in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, specify the 
cash memorandum account of the Holder (as shown in the records of the Operator) from which the 
Expenses will be paid to the Euroclear Registrar's account with the Operator against delivery of

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
the Entitlement and irrevocably agree to deliver such instructions to the Operator as may be 
requested by the Euroclear Registrar to give effect to the relevant delivery and payments specified 
above; 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Entitlement 
which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the number of 
the Securityholder's account (or the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) with the relevant Clearing System(s) or, in the case of a 
Definitive Certificate, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, or in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, specify the cash memorandum 
account of the Holder (as shown in the records of the Operator), to be credited with any cash 
payable by the relevant Issuer either, in respect of any amounts payable pursuant to Credit Security 
Condition 4 (First-to-Default Credit Securities and Nth-to-Default Credit Securities), either in 
respect of any other cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any cash adjustment amount paid 
in lieu of fractions of the Relevant Asset or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result 
of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the 
relevant Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver Cash 
Settlement Price, as the case may be; as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the 
Alternate Cash Amount 
(vi) 
in the case of Currency Certificates only, except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account (or of the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing System(s) or, 
in the case of a Definitive Certificate, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
Settlement Currency to be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Certificates, or in the 
case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, specify the cash memorandum account of the Holder as 
shown in the records of the Operator to be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the 
Certificates; 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Certificate the subject of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice), the Certificate was not held on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions under the 
securities, commodities and other laws of the United States as may be required; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings,

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
all as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), 
the Euroclear Agreement. 
(b) 
If General Security Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement) applies, the form of Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice required to be delivered may be different from that set out above. Copies of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System(s) and the Paying Agents or 
the Euroclear Registrar, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
of this General Security Condition 21.1 will not apply to the relevant Securities and the manner in which the 
Issuer will deliver the relevant Entitlement and pay the cash adjustment and the dividends, if any, provided under 
General Security Condition 17.3, will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
21.2. Verification of the Securityholder 
This General Security Condition 21.2 only applis where “Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the case of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Certificate, 
and except in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, upon receipt of a Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice, the relevant Clearing System(s) shall verify that the person exercising the Certificates (including the 
relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) is the holder thereof according 
to the books of the relevant Clearing System(s). Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System(s) will confirm to 
the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) the series and the 
number of Certificates being exercised and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each 
Certificate the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, 
the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) will inform the 
relevant Issuer thereof. The relevant Clearing System(s) will on or before Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit 
Securities) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Security Conditions) debit the account of the relevant 
Securityholder (or the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities) with the Certificates the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, upon receipt of an Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the 
Euroclear Registrar shall verify that the person delivering the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is the 
Holder of the related CREST Dematerialised Securities (described therein) according to the Record maintained 
by the Euroclear Registrar. Subject thereto, the Euroclear Registrar will confirm the series number and number 
of Certificates the subject of such notice, the relevant account details (if applicable) and the details for the 
delivery of the Entitlement of each Security. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Euroclear Registrar will 
inform the relevant Issuer. The Euroclear Registrar will, on or before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit 
Securities) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Security Conditions), amend the Record. 
21.3. Cash Settled Certificates

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, subject as provided in this General Security Condition 
21 (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement), the relevant Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the 
Cash Settlement Amount (if any) or the relevant amount (if any) payable under the Credit Security Conditions 
(or in the case of Instalment Certificates, each Instalment Amount) for each Certificate by credit or transfer to the 
Securityholder's account with the relevant Clearing System(s), or in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, 
according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, to the accounts of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, for 
value on the Settlement Date (or (a) in the case of Instalment Certificates, on the relevant Instalment Date), less 
any Expenses not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). 
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, where the Certificates pay Remuneration Amount(s), 
the Issuer, failing which, the Guarantor, if any, shall pay or cause to be paid the Remuneration Amount(s) for 
each Certificate in respect of each Remuneration Payment Date by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's 
account with the relevant Clearing System(s), or in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, to the accounts of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, for value on the 
relevant Remuneration Payment Date, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of such Clearing 
System.  
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities, the Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the relevant Clearing System(s) of the amount so paid or in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, by payment to the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholders indicated by Monte Titoli of the amount so 
paid. With reference to all Securities, excluding the Italian Dematerialised Securities, each of the persons shown 
in the records of the relevant Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular amount of the Certificates must 
look solely to the relevant Clearing System(s) for his share of each such payment. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities and subject as provided below, the Euroclear Registrar shall pay 
or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any), the relevant amount (if any) payable under the Credit 
Security Conditions, Instalment Amount (if any) and the Remuneration Amount (if any) in respect of CREST 
Dematerialised Securities to the relevant Holder's cash account (as shown in the records of the Operator), such 
payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Payments in respect of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities will be discharged by payment (as shown in the records of the Operator) to the cash account of the 
relevant Holder. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment. 
21.4. Physical Delivery Certificates 
Where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant Certificates, the relevant 
Issuer shall, on the Settlement Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 21.5, the 
"Delivery Date") or (in the case of Credit Securities) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Security

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Conditions), deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each Certificate in respect of which a valid 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice has been delivered as provided in General Security Condition 21.1 
(Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirements) pursuant to the details specified in the Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice, subject as provided in General Security Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement). 
The Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that no valid Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice has been duly delivered 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) or by the close of business in the 
place of receipt (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) on the Exercise Date, the provisions of 
General Security Condition 21.7 (Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) below shall apply. 
Where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant Certificates, the relevant Issuer shall, on Delivery Date or 
(in the case of Credit Securities) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Security Conditions), deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each relevant Certificate in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject as provided in General Security Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement).  
21.5. Determinations and Delivery 
This General Security Condition 21.5 only applis where “Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any determination as to whether a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by the Fiscal Agent, or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities), or 
the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Paying Agents, the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System(s) and copied to the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities), or the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable) (or, in the case of Definitive 
Certificates, which is not duly delivered to the relevant Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Certificate(s) 
and copied to the Fiscal Agent) shall be null and void. 
If such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Clearing System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable), (other than in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities) in consultation with the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Issuer in consultation with the Fiscal Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s) and copied to the 
relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) (or, 
in the case of Definitive Certificates, to the relevant Issuer and copied to the Fiscal Agent) (or in the case of

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
CREST Dematerialised Securities, to Euroclear Registrar and copied to the relevant Issuer). 
The relevant Clearing System(s) (or, in the case of Definitive Certificates, the relevant Issuer) (or, the Euroclear 
Registrar, as the case may be), shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder (or the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) submitting a Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice if, in consultation with the relevant Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying 
Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) (as applicable), it has determined that such Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on 
its part, none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Paying Agents, the relevant Clearing System(s), 
the Euroclear Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken 
or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
21.6. Delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
This General Security Condition 21.6 only applis where “Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System, or the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) or the 
Euroclear Registrar (in case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), as the case may be, as provided above. After 
the delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer 
Certificates the subject of such notice. 
21.7. Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
This General Security Condition 21.7 only applis where “Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Provided that the relevant Certificates are not Definitive Certificates, in which case the provisions of General 
Security Condition 21.8 (Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates) will apply, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to make delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Security unless and until a duly completed 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is delivered as provided above. If the duly completed Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be), or after 
the close of business in the place of receipt (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) on the Exercise 
Date, delivery of such Entitlement shall be made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Settlement 
Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Security shall not be entitled to any additional or further 
payment by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Security occurring after the Settlement 
Date as a result of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice being delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be) ), or after the close of business in the place of receipt (in the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Securities) on the Exercise Date.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
21.8. Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates 
In the event that any Definitive Certificates have been issued prior to the Exercise Date, the relevant Issuer shall, 
on or prior to the Exercise Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement Amount that may be payable 
upon exercise of the Certificates. 
21.9. Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Certificates is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the Exercise 
Date and none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), or any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents, the 
Euroclear Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents, the Euroclear 
Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the 
relevant Clearing System(s) in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the Certificates. 
22. 
REMUNERATION 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms the Certificates will pay one or more remuneration amounts. Such 
remuneration amounts (i) will be calculated on the basis of a fixed rate, or will be a Fixed Remuneration Amount 
or Broken Amount, if so specified in the Final Terms for that Remuneration Period ("Fixed Remuneration 
Amount Certificates") and/or (ii) will be calculated on the basis of a floating rate ("Floating Remuneration 
Amount Certificates") and/or (iii) will be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more Index, 
Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument, Currency, Commodity, Inflation Index, Fund Share, Future, Underlying 
Interest Rate or any other underlying security or any combination thereof in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (such Certificates, "Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates"): 
(a) 
Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificates 
Each Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificate will pay Remuneration Amount(s) on the basis of the 
following: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken Amount are specified in the Final Terms for a 
Remuneration Period, the Remuneration Amount payable on the relevant Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(ii) 
if the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken Amount are not specified in the Final Terms, for 
a Remuneration Period, the Remuneration Amount(s) (as defined below) will be paid in respect 
of each relevant Remuneration Period. Remuneration Amount will be payable in arrear on the 
Remuneration Payment Date(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms. If a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Remuneration Payment 
Date and any Remuneration Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date, 
as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day; or 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date, 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, 
in which event such Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately following Business Day. 
(b) 
Floating Remuneration Amount Certificates 
(i) 
Remuneration, Remuneration Periods and Business Day Convention 
Each Floating Remuneration Amount Certificate will pay Remuneration Amount(s) in respect of 
each relevant Remuneration Period.  
Remuneration Amount(s) will be payable in arrear on the Remuneration Payment Date(s) 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Remuneration Payment Date(s) and any Remuneration Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day;  
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, 
in which event such Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately following Business Day; 
save in respect of Securities for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Remuneration Payment Date will not be postponed and remuneration on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after scheduled final Remuneration Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Remuneration Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Rate for such Remuneration Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Remuneration Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Remuneration Period provided however that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(iii) 
Remuneration Rate  
The Remuneration Rate payable from time to time will be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Remuneration Rate  
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the 
Remuneration Rate is to be determined (the "Remuneration Determination Date"), determine 
the Remuneration Rate (subject to any Minimum Remuneration Rate or Maximum 
Remuneration Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Remuneration 
Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Paying Agent of the Remuneration Rate for the 
relevant Remuneration Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(c) 
Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
(i) 
Remuneration, Remuneration Periods and Business Day Convention 
The Remuneration Amount(s) will be paid in respect of each relevant Remuneration Period.  
Remuneration will be payable in arrear on the Remuneration Payment Date(s). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Remuneration Payment Date and any Remuneration Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day;  
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, 
in which event such Remuneration Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately following Business Day. 
(ii) 
Remuneration Rate  
The Remuneration Rate payable from time to time will be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and may comprise one or more Additional Coupons determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Remuneration Rate  
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the 
Remuneration Rate is to be determined (the "Remuneration Determination Date"), determine 
the Remuneration Rate (subject to any Minimum Remuneration Rate or Maximum 
Remuneration Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Remuneration 
Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Paying Agent of the Remuneration Rate for the 
relevant Remuneration Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(d) 
      Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Determination

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a 
Remuneration Rate is to be determined, such Remuneration Rate for each Remuneration Period 
will be: 
(A) 
if "Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(B) 
if "Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied 
by (ii) the Rate Multiplier; 
(C) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Remuneration Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be calculated by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options, the Designated Maturity is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(4) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Compounding Method is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iii) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iv) Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if 
applicable) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(5) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Averaging Method is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
ISDA Definitions;  
(iii) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iv) Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the ISDA Definitions, and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions ;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if 
applicable) as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
If an Index Floating Rate Option and an Index Method is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) All-in Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(iii) Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable 
if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(7) 
in connection with the Index Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (A) 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for 
such purpose in the relevant Final Terms; (B) “Business Day in the financial centres, 
if any, specified for such purpose in the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be 
references to Business Day; (C) “Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Remuneration Period; (D) “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be 
deemed to be references to Day Count Fraction; (E) “Period End Date” shall be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Remuneration Payment Date; (F) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Remuneration 
Payment Date; and (G) “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to, and the 
Remuneration Commencement Date; 
(8) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the relevant Final Terms; 
(9) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted 
unless “ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(10) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) shall not apply. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(d), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Swap Transaction”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset 
Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight Compounding Method”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, 
“Lookback”, 
“Applicable 
Business 
Days”, 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Set-in-Advance”, “Observation Period 
Shift”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Lockout”, “Lockout Period Business 
Days”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, “Averaging with Lookback”, 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout”, “Index Method”, 
“Index Floating Rate Option”, “Compounded Index Method”, “All-in Compounded Index 
Method” “Compounded Index Method with Observation Shift”, and “Delayed Payment” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rates other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which a Remuneration Rate or Rate is to be determined, such Remuneration Rate or Rate, as

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
the case may be, for each Remuneration Period will, subject to General Security Condition 
22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), and subject as provided below, be either: 
a) 
the offered quotation; or 
b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Determination Time 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the relevant Remuneration Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (ii)(a), no offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of subparagraph (ii)(b), fewer 
than three offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the 
Relevant Determination Time, the Issuer shall request (in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR) the principal Euro-zone office of each of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Determination Time on the 
relevant Remuneration Determination Date  
For the purpose of this General Security Condition 22(d)(ii), "Remuneration Determination 
Date", "Margin", "Reference Rate", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Determination 
Time" shall have the same meanings given to those in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Remuneration Rate is to be determined and SONIA is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Rate or Rate for each Remuneration 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(d)(iii):

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to a Remuneration Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Remuneration Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Remuneration Determination Date” means, in respect of any Remuneration Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Remuneration Payment Date for such 
Remuneration Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Securities are due and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London;

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Remunearation Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a Remunearation Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Remunearation Period (and the first Remunearation Period shall begin on and include the 
Remunearation Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p 
London Banking Days prior to the Remunearation Payment Date for such Remunearation 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Securities become due and payable); 
“p” for any Remunearation Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i"; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Remuneration Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to subject to General Security 
Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), be:

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Remuneration Rate or Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this General Security Condition 22(d)(iii), the Remuneration Rate or Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Remuneration Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Remuneration Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Remuneration Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Remuneration 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Remuneration Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Remuneration Determination Date, the initial Remuneration Rate which 
would have been applicable to the Securities for the first Remuneration Period had the Securities 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Remuneration Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Remuneration Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Remuneration Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Remuneration Rate or Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Rate or Rate for each 
Remuneration Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded SOFR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Remuneration Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(d)(iv): 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Remuneration Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Remuneration Determination Date” means, in respect of any Remuneration Period, the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Remuneration Payment Date 
for such Remuneration Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities are due and payable);

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Remuneration Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Remuneration Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
day in such Remuneration Period (and the first Remuneration Period shall begin on and include 
the Remuneration Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Remuneration Payment Date for such 
Remuneration Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable); 
“p” for any Remuneration Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation 
Shift Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) subject to the provisions below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Remuneration Rate or Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this General Security Condition 22(d)(iv), the Remuneration Rate or Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Remuneration Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Remuneration Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Remuneration Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Remuneration Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Remuneration 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Remuneration Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Securities for the first Remuneration 
Period had the Securities been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Remuneration Period but ending on (and excluding) the Remuneration Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Remuneration Period). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Remuneration Rate or Rate is to be determined and €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Rate or Rate for each 
Remuneration Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(d)(v): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Remuneration Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Remuneration Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of T2 Settlement Days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such T2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as 
otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the T2 Settlement Day immediately following such T2 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the T2 
Settlement Day falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the relevant T2 Settlement Day 
“i"; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant T2 Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant T2 Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Settlement Day in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
to, and including, the last T2 Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any T2 Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Remuneration Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such T2 Settlement Day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following T2 Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Remuneration Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Remuneration Period (and the first Remuneration Period shall begin on and include the 
Remuneration Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of a Remuneration Period) the Remuneration Payment Date for such 
Remuneration Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and 
payable; and 
“p” for any latest Remuneration Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of T2 Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” 
(as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if, where any 
Remuneration Rate or Rate is to be calculated pursuant to this General Security Condition 
22(d)(v), in respect of any T2 Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference 
rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such T2 Settlement Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding T2 Settlement Day in respect of which €STR 
reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Remuneration Rate or Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this General Security Condition 22(d)(v), the Remuneration Rate or Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Remuneration Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Remuneration Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Remuneration Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Remuneration Period, 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Remuneration Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Remuneration Determination Date, the initial Remuneration Rate which would 
have been applicable to the Securities for the first Remuneration Period had the Securities been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Remuneration Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Remuneration Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Remuneration Period). 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SARON

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Remuneration Rate is to be determined and SARON is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Rate or Rate for each Remuneration 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(d)(vi): 
“Compounded Daily SARON”, with respect to a Remuneration Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Remuneration Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
  
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of SIX Business Days in: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant SIX 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in: 
(iii) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(iv) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last SIX Business Day in such period;

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
“Remuneration Determination Date” means, in respect of any Remuneration Period, the date 
falling p SIX Business Day prior to the Remuneration Payment Date for such Remuneration 
Period (or the date falling p SIX Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities are due and payable). 
“SIX Business Day” or “SIXBD” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which is not 
marked as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar published 
by SIX Swiss Exchange; 
“ni” for any SIX Business Day “i”, in the relevant Remunearation Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following SIX Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a Remunearation Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” SIX Business Day prior to the first day of such Remunearation 
Period (and the first Remunearation Period shall begin on and include the Remunearation 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p SIX Business Day 
prior to the Remunearation Payment Date for such Remunearation Period (or the date falling p 
SIX Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and 
payable); 
“p” for any Remunearation Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
SIX Business Day specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON Reference Rate” means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) rate for such SIX Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published 
by such authorised distributors) on the SIX Business Day immediately following such SIX 
Business Day; and 
“SARONi” means the SARON Reference Rate for: 
(i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the SIX 
Business Day falling “p” SIX Business Days prior to the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; 
or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON 
only compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The 
SARON Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
applying the SARON Reference Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Remuneration Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SARON Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SARON Reference Rate shall, subject to subject to General Security 
Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), be the SARON Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding SIX Business Day on which the SARON Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Remuneration Rate or Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this General Security Condition 22(d)(vi), the Remuneration Rate or Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Remuneration Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Remuneration Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Remuneration Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Remuneration 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Remuneration Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Remuneration Determination Date, the initial Remuneration Rate which 
would have been applicable to the Securities for the first Remuneration Period had the Securities 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Remuneration Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Remuneration Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Remuneration Period). 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being CMS Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which a Remuneration Rate or Rate is to be determined, and CMS is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, such Remuneration Rate or Rate, for each Remuneration 
Period will, subject to General Security Condition 22(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement) 
below and subject as provided below, be the CMS Rate multiplied by the relevant Rate 
Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that the 
Remuneration Rate or Rate may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Determination Time on the Remuneration Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Remuneration Period shall be the arithmetic mean

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Remuneration Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, 
in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purpose of this General Security Condition 22(d)(vii): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Relevant 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Determination Time on the Remuneration 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank 
market, (iii) where the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City 
office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case 
of any other Relevant Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Remuneration Determination Date(s)", "Margin", "Rate 
Multiplier", "Relevant Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Determination 
Time" shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Remuneration Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Remuneration Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Remuneration Rate for any Remuneration Period, then, 
in the event that the Remuneration Rate in respect of such Remuneration Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of General Security Condition 22(b)(ii), General Security Condition 22(b)(iii), General 
Security Condition 22(c)(ii) or General Security Condition 22(d) (as appropriate) is less than such 
Minimum Remuneration Rate, the Remuneration Rate for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum 
Remuneration Rate.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Remuneration Rate for any Remuneration Period, then, 
in the event that the Remuneration Rate in respect of such Remuneration Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of General Security Condition 22(b)(ii), General Security Condition 22(b)(iii), General 
Security Condition 22(c)(ii) or General Security Condition 22(d) (as appropriate) is greater than such 
Maximum Remuneration Rate, the Remuneration Rate for such Remuneration Period shall be such 
Maximum Remuneration Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Remuneration Rate and Remuneration Amount 
After the Relevant Determination Time on each Remuneration Determination Date or such other time on 
such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Remuneration, obtain any quote or 
make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine the Remuneration Rate and calculate 
the Remuneration Amount for the relevant Remuneration Period, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration 
Amount for each Remuneration Period and the relevant Remuneration Payment Date to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, or (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities) the Euroclear Registrar, the relevant 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Certificates, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Certificates which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Certificates are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange 
promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Remuneration Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of a Remuneration Rate and 
Remuneration Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. The 
Remuneration Amounts and the Remuneration Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Remuneration Period. The determination of each Remuneration Rate,

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
Remuneration Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Calculation Agent  
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Certificates, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Remuneration Rate for any Remuneration Period or to calculate the 
Remuneration Amount or any other requirements, the relevant Issuer will appoint the London office of a 
leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(h) 
Remuneration in case of early settlement  
(i) 
The Remuneration Amount on each Certificate will be paid on any Remuneration Payment Date 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms unless such Certificate is early settled or a Remuneration 
Barrier Event, indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, has occurred;  
(ii) 
In case a Certificate is early settled during a Remuneration Period (and no Remuneration Barrier 
Event has previously occurred), (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Remuneration to 
Settlement is applicable, the relevant Remuneration Amount relating to such Remuneration 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent for each such Certificate as if the 
Remuneration Period ended on, and included, the due date of early settlement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Remuneration to 
Settlement is not applicable, no Remuneration Amount will be payable in respect of such 
Remuneration Period; 
(iii) 
In case a Remuneration Barrier Event has occurred prior to an early exercise or cancellation, the 
General Security Condition 22(k) below will apply; 
Unless, (and subject to a Remuneration Barrier Event, if applicable, not having occurred) payment of the 
amount and/or delivery of any Entitlement due is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is 
otherwise made in respect of the payment or delivery in which case additional remuneration shall be 
considered as if accrued from the date such amount or delivery of such Entitlement was due until such 
amount or delivery of such Entitlement is paid or delivered, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, 
no remuneration on the Certificates shall accrue beyond the Settlement Date in the event that delivery of 
any Entitlement is postponed due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. 
(i) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to this General Security Condition 22 (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) all figures

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts 
which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Remuneration Barrier Events  
(i) 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Remuneration Barrier Event is 
applicable and a Remuneration Barrier Event has occurred, then: 
(a) 
if "No Further Remuneration" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, 
notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary in this General Security 
Condition 22, on the immediately following Remuneration Payment Date, the 
Remuneration Amount payable will be the amount calculated in accordance with the 
definition of Remuneration Amount below, provided that for the purposes of the 
definition of "Day Count Fraction", the Remuneration Period will be deemed to have 
ended on, and included, the date on which the Remuneration Barrier Event occurred; 
or  
(b) 
if "No Further Remuneration" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as not 
applicable, on the immediately following Remuneration Payment Date, the 
Remuneration Amount payable will be the amount calculated in accordance with the 
definition of Remuneration Amount below. 
In each case, thereafter, there will be no further Remuneration Payment Dates and no further 
Remuneration Amounts payable with respect to the Certificates. 
(ii) 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Remuneration Barrier Event is 
applicable and "No Remuneration for Remuneration Period" is applicable and a Remuneration 
Barrier Event occurs, no Remuneration Amount will be payable on the next following 
Remuneration Payment Date.  
(k) 
Remuneration Payment Condition 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Remuneration Payment Condition is applicable, 
then the Remuneration Amount shall only be payable on the relevant Remuneration Payment Dates upon 
the occurrence of the Remuneration Payment Condition. 
(l) 
Coupon Switch 
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may elect that the Remuneration Rate, in respect of the Certificates will be amended (a

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
"Coupon Switch") from the Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Remuneration Rate, in respect of the Certificates 
will be amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after 
the Coupon Switch Date immediately following the MFP ACS Valuation Date or MFP ACS 
Valuation Period, as applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount will be payable on the Additional 
Switch Coupon Payment Date. The "Additional Switch Coupon Amount" in respect of each Certificate 
will be the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Switch Coupon Amount will only be paid on the single Additional Switch Coupon Payment 
Date.  
Notice of any Coupon Switch will be given to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which such date must be a Remuneration Payment Date; 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" means that: 
(i) the MFP ACS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" (d) "less 
than or equal to", the Automatic Coupon Switch Level or (e) "within" the Automatic Coupon 
Switch Range Level, or (f) "outside" the Automatic Coupon Switch Range Level, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (x) on a MFP ACS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a 
MFP ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Coupon 
Switch Level as of a MFP ACS Valuation Date; or 
(iii) if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Cumulative ACS Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Coupon 
Switch Level as of a MFP ACS Valuation Date.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Automatic Coupon Switch Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;  
"Coupon Switch Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" means, in respect of a MFP ACS Valuation Date, (a) the sum of the values 
calculated for each Remuneration Period preceding the Current ACS Remuneration Period as the product of 
(i) the Remuneration Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in 
each case for such Remuneration Period, plus (b) the product of (i) the Remuneration Rate and (ii) if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current ACS 
Remuneration Period; 
"Current ACS Remuneration Period" means, in respect of a MFP ACS Valuation Date, the 
Remuneration Period during which such MFP ACS Valuation Date falls; 
"MFP ACS Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP ACS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"MFP ACS Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Benchmark Rate Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this General Security Condition 22, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s)) determines that (i) a Benchmark Rate 
Event has occurred and (ii) the relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date will fall on or prior to the day 
which would have been (but for the occurrence of the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date) a Remuneration 
Determination Date in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) in respect of each Remuneration Period commencing on or after the Benchmark Rate Event Effective 
Date, the Reference Rate will be substituted by the Successor Rate (as adjusted in accordance with the

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
Adjustment Spread, if any) for determining the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s) due 
in respect of each such Remuneration Period; 
(2) the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s)) 
will determine the adjustments (if any) to be made to the provisions of the Securities as it deems 
necessary in order the Successor Rate to be used for determining the Remuneration Rate and the 
Remuneration Amount(s) due under the Securities; 
(3) the Issuer shall, prior to the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, give notice to the Securityholders of 
the relevant Benchmark Rate Event, the Successor Rate and the adjustments (if any) made according to the 
sub-paragraph (2) above, in accordance with the General Security Condition 8 (Notices); and 
(4) if the relevant Benchmark Rate Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to General Security Condition 13.1, the provisions of 
this General Security Condition 22(m) will apply. 
For the purposes of this General Security Condition 22(m): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Remuneration Rate and the 
Remuneration Amount(s)) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; or 
(ii) 
in absence of any recommendation by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s)), determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; 
or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s)) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate for the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate. 
"Benchmark Rate Event" means:

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
(i) 
the administrator of that Reference Rate, or a person acting on behalf of that administrator, has 
issued a public statement, or has published information, in which it is announced that that 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that Reference Rate or certain tenors for which 
that Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond to the Remuneration Periods, permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or the publication of the 
information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide that Reference Rate 
or that tenor; or 
(ii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate or any entity with insolvency 
or resolution authority over such administrator has issued a public statement, or has published 
information, in which it is stated that the administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that 
Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond 
to the Remuneration Periods, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance 
of the statement or the publication of the information, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide that Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(iii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate has issued a public statement, 
or has published information, in which it is announced that that Reference Rate is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; 
or 
(iv) 
it has or will become unlawful (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable) for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Securityholder using that Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate Event: 
(i) the first day on which the Reference Rate or the relevant tenor is no longer published or provided, 
if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in one of the events or circumstances described in 
sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(ii) the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure (even if the Reference Rate continues 
to be published or provided), if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the issuance or 
publication of the statement or information under sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(iii) the first day on which is no longer lawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the event under sub-paragraph 
(iv) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to which a Benchmark Rate Event has 
occurred, the rate formally designated, nominated or recommended as the replacement rate for that 
Reference Rate by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body in the most 
recent statement or publication preceding the relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, provided that, 
in presence of two or more rates each of which has been formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body as a replacement rate for 
that Reference Rate, the Replacement Rate will be one of such rates as selected by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Remuneration Rate and the Remuneration Amount(s)). Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, in case of occurrence of a Benchmark Rate Event in respect of “EURIBOR”, 
according to the recommendations published on 11 May 2021 by the Working Group on euro risk free rates 
on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (the “2021 WG 
Recommendations”), the Successor Rate for such rate will be (provided that the 2021 WG 
Recommendations are not superseded or replaced by any subsequent statement or publication by the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or any Nomination Body) €STR to be calculated in accordance 
with the methodology recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body. 
(n) 
Definitions 
"Banking Day(s)" means a day which is both a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London, Milan, Paris, New York and Luxembourg and a T2 Settlement Day. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CMS" means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "1/1" is specified, 1;

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);  
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:  
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and  
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of  
A. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and  
B. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year;  
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365;  
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360;  
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:  
Day  
Count Fraction 
= [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day  
Count Fraction 
= [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day  
Count 
Fraction = [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 360 
 
where:

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Remuneration Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Securities of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is available 
on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (https://www.isda.org/). 
"Margin" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member state of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate Multiplier" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Record Date(s)" is the day indicated in the relevant Final Terms on which the person shown in the 
records of the relevant Clearing System as being entitled to an interest in a Global Security has the 
right to receive payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount on the relevant Remuneration Payment 
Date(s).

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by Issuer. 
"Reference Price" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates where Remuneration is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Remuneration Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Remuneration Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Remuneration Payment Date to but excluding the next Remuneration Payment 
Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates where, apart from the first Remuneration Period, Remuneration is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Remuneration Payment Date falls; 
and 
(c) 
in the case of Remuneration where, apart from one Remuneration Period other than the first 
Remuneration Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Remuneration Payment Date falls other than the Remuneration Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Remuneration Period.  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);  
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events); 
(c) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(d) 
in the case of Commodity Securities, Commodity Security Condition 2 (Market 
Disruption) Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
Event and a Disruption Fallbacks) and Commodity Security Condition 4 (Adjustments to 
a Commodity Index);  
(e) 
in the case of Currency Securities, Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events), 
Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event);  
(f) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event); 
(g) 
in the case of Futures Securities, Futures Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future); 
and 
(h) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt 
Security Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Intrument);  
"Relevant Determination Time" means, with respect to any Remuneration Determination Date, the 
local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid 
and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the 
Relevant Financial Centre provided that if the relevant currency is Euro and the Benchmark is 
EURIBOR, the Relevant Determination Time shall be 11.00 am Brussels time. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any floating rate to be determined on a 
Remuneration Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is 
most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such 
other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing 
or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to that Reference Rate. 
"Remuneration Amount" means, in respect of each Certificate and a Remuneration Period, one of 
the following amounts: 
(a) 
if the Certificates are indicated as Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificates in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
Final Terms for that Remuneration Period, the Remuneration Amount payable on the 
relevant Remuneration Payment Date shall be the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken 
Amount so specified;

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
(b) 
if the Certificates are indicated as Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificates in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Fixed Remuneration Amount or Broken Amount is not specified in 
the Final Terms, the Remuneration Amount payable on the relevant Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
Remuneration Rate to the Notional Amount of each Certificate and, if a Day Count 
Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and rounding such amount in accordance with General Security 
Condition 22 (i) (Rounding). If the resulting amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the Certificates are indicated as Floating Remuneration Amount Certificates in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Remuneration Amount payable on the relevant Remuneration 
Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
relevant Remuneration Rate to the Notional Amount of such Certificate and multiplying 
such amount by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
rounding such amount in accordance with General Security Condition 22 (i) (Rounding). 
If the resulting amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency it will be converted 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(d) 
if the Certificates are indicated as Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Remuneration Amount payable on each Certificate on the 
relevant Remuneration Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the Remuneration Rate to the Notional Amount of such Certificate and, 
if a Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such 
amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
rounding such amount in accordance with General Security Condition 22 (i) (Rounding). 
If the resulting amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency it will be converted 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Barrier Event" means that the Settlement Price is (a) "greater than", (b) 
"equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Remuneration Barrier Level (x) on a Remuneration Barrier 
Observation Date or (y) in respect of a Remuneration Barrier Observation Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms at any time during the relevant Remuneration Barrier 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Barrier Level" is as defined in the Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Barrier Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Commodity Business Day (in

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
respect of Commodity Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or 
Business Day (in the case of other Securities), as applicable, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, 
unless, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Commodity Securities, Debt Securities 
or ETI Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in 
the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Market 
Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Securities). If any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, 
then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Remuneration 
Barrier Observation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Securities) if any such day is a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to 
"Remuneration Barrier Observation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment 
Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Remuneration 
Barrier Observation Date"; 
"Remuneration Barrier Observation Period" means the period indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
"Remuneration Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Payment Condition" means the occurrence of one of the following events: 
(a) 
the Settlement Price is equal to and/or exceeds the Remuneration Payment Condition 
Level on a Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date or at any time during 
the Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the Settlement Price is equal to and/or falls below the Remuneration Payment 
Condition Level on a Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date or at any 
time during the Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
any other event or condition described in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(d) 
if the Securities are Leveraged Certificates, the Reference Level is equal to and/or 
exceeds the Remuneration Payment Condition Level on a Remuneration Payment 
Condition Observation Date.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
Where: 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund 
Level0 - (Participation Factor-1) × Feest)  
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as 
of the Fixing Date.  
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of a Remuneration Payment Condition Observation 
Date, the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference (s) as of the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding such Remuneration Payment Condition 
Observation Date. 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First 
Calculation Date.  
"Calculation Date" means each day on which the Settlement Price is calculated and 
published.  
"First Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees 
Accrual Period. 
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during 
such period, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA 
Determination under General Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee 
Accrual Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
subsequent period commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but 
excluding) the next following Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes of this General 
Security Condition 22 and in relation to a Remuneration Payment Condition 
Observation Date, the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end on (but 
excluding) the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Remuneration Payment 
Condition Observation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Level" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date" means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of 
Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Commodity Business 
Day (in respect of Commodity Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund 
Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), as applicable, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as 
applicable, unless, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Debt Securities or ETI Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI 
Securities, a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity 
Securities). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation 
Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" 
were to "Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date" or (in the case of Commodity 
Securities) if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the 
provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to 
"Pricing Date" were to "Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date". For the 
purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be 
deemed to refer to the "Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date"; 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Period" has the meaning given to it in the 
Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Period" means the period commencing on (and including) the Remuneration 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Remuneration Payment Date and each period 
commencing on (and including) a Remuneration Payment Date to (but excluding) the next

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
following Remuneration Payment Date, or any other period specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Rate" means the Rate, the Rate(i), the Rate 1(i), the Rate 2(i), as indicated in 
applicable Final Terms or the rate calculated according to the Formulas Condition 5.1 
(Remuneration Rates Formulas);  
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on a 
Remuneration Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"T2 Settlement Date" means any day on which the T2 is openfor the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
 
23. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Securities each holder (which, for the purposes of this General Security 
Condition 23, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents to 
and agrees to be bound by: 
a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a 
portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid 
remuneration due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but 
unpaid remuneration due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into 
ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Securities or the settlement 
amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid remuneration due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the 
maturity of the Securities or amendment of the amount of remuneration payable on the Securities, or the 
date on which the remuneration amount becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with this General Security Condition 23. 
24. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD (as transposed into Luxembourg law by Article 56(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law), by its 
acquisition of the Securities each holder (which, for the purposes of this General Security Condition 24, includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or 
a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid 
remuneration due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but 
unpaid remuneration due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into 
ordinary shares or other types of capital instruments of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares or capital instruments), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Securities or the settlement 
amount in respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid remuneration due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the 
maturity of the Securities or amendment of the amount of remuneration payable on the Securities, or the 
date on which the remuneration amount becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default 
and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with this General Security Condition 24. 
25. 
REDENOMINATION IN NATIONAL CURRENCY 
In respect of Securities in relation to which the Issue Currency is Euro and if Redenomination in National 
Currency is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the occurrence of a Redenomination 
Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving at least 15 days 
prior notice (the “Redenomination Notice”) to the Calculation Agent, the relevant Clearing System(s), the 
Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities), the regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility on which the Securities are admitted to trading or listed (if any) and the relevant 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Security Condition 8 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
Redenomination Effective Date (as specified below), the relevant Securities shall be redenominated into the 
National Currency (as defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, the election under this General Security 
Condition 25 and the provisions hereof may be made and apply to any series of Securities in relation to which 
the Issue Currency is Euro and in relation to which Redenomination in Natitional Currency is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, as selected by the Issuer at its discretion with the consequence the 
Issuer is under no obligation to make the same election for all the series of Securities in relation to which the 
Issue Currency is Euro and in relation to which Redenomination in Natitional Currency is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The election will have effect as follows:  
(a) The Notional Amount of the Securities, the Remuneration Amounts (if any) and any other amount 
which become due and payable under the Securities on or after the Redenomination Effective Date 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Remuneration Amount accrued (but unpaid) until such date) 
will be redenominated into the National Currency at the Official Conversion Rate (as defined below) 
with the resulting figure (if any) being rounded to the nearest 0.01 National Currency (with 0.005 
National Currency being rounded upwards), provided that, if the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, determines that then market practice in respect of the redenomination in the National 
Currency of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practices and the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities), the regulated market or multilateral trading facility on which the Securities are admitted to 
trading or listed (if any) and the relevant Securityholders in accordance with the General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) of such deemed amendments. 
(b) As a consequence of the redenomination under (a) above, the aggregate notional amount of the 
Securities will be redenominated into the National Currency, any amount due under the Securities will 
be paid in the National Currency and any reference in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms to Euro shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Currency; 
(c) The Issuer, in agreement with the Calculation Agent, may, without the consent of the relevant 
Securityholders but on giving prior notice to them in accordance with the General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), make any change, variation or adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms which it deems to be necessary or desirable in order to give effect to the redenomination of 
the Securities under this General Security Condition 25 (including, without limitation, any change to 
any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated debt obligations. 
(d) Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent and the Guarantor (if any) shall be liable to the 
Securityholders or other persons for any costs, expenses or losses incurred by such Securityholders or 
other persons as a result of the redenomination and/or any other action taken under this General

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
Security Condition 25. 
For the purposes of the foregoing: 
“Redenomination Event” means 
(a) In respect of Securities in relation to which the Issue Currency is Euro and issued by Mediobanca, 
that, as a result of the Republic of Italy ceasing to participate in the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (established pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended) (the "EMU”), Euro has ceased to be the lawful currency of the 
Republic of Italy but continues to be the lawful currency of the other European Member States which 
participate in the third stage of the EMU; and 
(b) In respect of Securities in relation to which the Issue Currency is Euro and issued by Mediobanca 
International or MBFL, that, as a result of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ceasing to participate in 
the third stage of the EMU, Euro has ceased to be the lawful currency of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg but continues to be the lawful currency of the other European Member States which 
participate in the third stage of the EMU. 
“National Currency” means, in respect of and following a Redenomination Event, the currency which is the 
new lawful currency of the Republic of Italy or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (as the case may be). 
“Official Conversion Rate” means the official rate for the conversion of Euro into the National Currency as 
established in accordance with the criteria and procedures provided under the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union provided that if more than one official conversion rate is available, the Issuer will select the 
applicable conversion rate, acting in its reasonable and commercial discretion and in accordance with the 
prevailing market practice. 
“Redenomination Effective Date” means the date specified as such in the Redenomination Notice.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
 
ANNEX 1  
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Formulas Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the Final Payouts, Remuneration Rates, Automatic Early Settlement Payouts, Call Payouts and 
Put Payouts and Entitlements in respect of the Certificates. In particular, certain sections of the Formulas 
Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the terms and conditions of the Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the Formulas 
Conditions, the Formulas Conditions shall prevail. The descriptions of the certain final payouts, put payouts and 
remunerations amount rates and/or related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the Formulas 
Conditions, are included for information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant final 
payouts, put payouts and remunerations amount rates as applicable.  
1. 
FINAL PAYOUTS 
1.1 
Final Payouts Formulas 
The following final payouts (each a "Final Payout") shall apply to the Securities if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Single Final Payout - Protected Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Protected Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Protection Level: 
Notional Amount × Protection Factor; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Protection Level: 
Notional Amount + Notional Amount × Participation Factor × ((Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) −1) 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Protection Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Protection Factor. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the 
performance of the Underlying Reference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
(b) 
Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Securities

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
If Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Protection Level: 
Notional Amount × Protection Factor; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Protection Level: 
Min (Notional Amount + Notional Amount ×  Participation Factor × [(Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) −
1] ; Notional Amount × Cap Level Percentage)  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Protection Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Protection Factor. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the 
performance of the Underlying Reference multiplied by the Participation Factor, subject to a 
cap of the Cap Level Percentage.  
(c) 
Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Settlement Price Final
Parity×Exchange Rate Final ; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Maximum Payout Amount
Parity ×Exchange Rate Final     
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Maximum Payout Amount, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the 
Final Payout will equal the Maximum Payout Amount (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
(d) 
Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Securities

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
If Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (100% + Coupon Percentage 1); or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or less than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount  × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
+ Coupon Percentage 2) 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the Coupon Percentage 1. 
Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied for the performance of 
the Underlying Reference plus the Coupon Percentage 2 (which may also be a negative 
percentage). 
(e) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (100% + Coupon Percentage 1); or  
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
+ Coupon Percentage 2) 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount plus the Coupon Percentage 1. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference and the Coupon Percentage 2. 
(which may also be a negative percentage).

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
(f) 
Single Final Payout - Leveraged Capped Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Leveraged Capped Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
 
Notional Amount  × Min [Participation Factor × ( Settlement Price Final −Strike Price
Strike Price
)
+ 1; Cap Level Percentage] 
; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price: 
Notional Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)   
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus a Participation Factor 
multiplied by the performance of the Underlying Reference, subject to a cap of the Cap Level 
Percentage. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the performance 
of the Underlying Reference. 
(g) 
Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Notional Amount × Min [Participation Factor × ( Settlement Price Final −Strike Price
Strike Price
) + 1; Cap Level Percentage] ; 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and no Knock-out 
Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × AirbagPercentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and a Knock-out 
Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) .

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
 
"AirbagPercentage" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus a Participation Factor 
multiplied by the lesser of the performance of the Underlying Reference and the Cap Level 
Percentage. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the performance 
of the Underlying Reference. 
(h) 
Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Notional Amount  × Min [Participation Factor × ( Settlement Price Final −Strike Price
Strike Price
) + 1; Cap Level Percentage] 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and equal to or greater 
than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × AirbagPercentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)    
where: 
"AirbagPercentage" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus a Participation Factor 
multiplied by the lesser of the performance of the Underlying Reference and Cap Level 
Percentage.  
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal 
to the Strike Price and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the AirbagPercentage. If the Settlement Price of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Strike Price and the Knock-out

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the performance of 
the Underlying Reference. 
(i) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
 
 [Strike Price + Speed Factor × [Min (Upper Level; Settlement Price Final) −Strike Price]  
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
] 
 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Strike Price plus the Speed Factor multiplied by 
the difference between (i) the lesser of the Upper Level and the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date and (ii) the Strike Price, divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity. 
(j) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date, subject to a cap of the Cap Level, divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity. 
(k) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Cap Level and equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Cap Level: 
Notional Amount × Cap Level Percentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)  
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap 
Level but equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount multiplied by the greater of the Bonus Level Percentage and the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation 
Date is equal to or greater than the Cap Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage. If the Settlement Price of the underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(l) 
Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
(i) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred and Settlement Price Final is greater than the Cap 
Level: 
Notional Amount × Max [ Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 1 −
Bonus Level Percentage;  Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 2  − 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price 
  ] 
 
(ii) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred and Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to 
the Cap Level: 
Notional Amount × [Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 3 - Cap Level Percentage 1]; or 
(iii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 Notional Amount × [Max (Floor Percentage; Min ((Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 4
−   Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) ; (Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 5 −   Cap Level Percentage 2 )))] 
  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Cap Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount multiplied by the lesser of (i) the Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 1 minus the 
Bonus Level Percentage or (ii) the Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 2 less the 
performance of the Underlying Reference.  
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Cap Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied by Reverse 
Capped Securities Percentage 3 minus the Cap Level Percentage 1.  
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied 
by the lesser of (i) the Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 4 minus the performance of the 
Underlying Reference and (ii) the Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 5 minus the Cap 
Level Percentage 2, provided that the Final Payout will not be less than the Notional Amount 
multiplied by the Floor Percentage. 
(m) 
 Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier 
Level at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final];  or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Min [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the Bonus Level (divided by 
the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal 
to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity) subject to a maximum of Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
(n) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level and if Settlement Price Final is less 
than the Cap Level: 
Notional Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
(ii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level and if Settlement Price Final is 
greater than or equal to the Cap Level: 
Notional Amount × Cap Level Percentage 1; or 
(iii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × Min (Cap Level Percentage 2; 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap 
Level and if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the 
Underlying Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the maximum of the Bonus Level Percentage and the 
performance of the Underlying Reference.  
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Cap Level and if at all times on each Observation Date during the 
Observation Period the Underlying Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the 
Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage 1.  
If at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the performance of the Underlying Reference subject to a 
maximum of the Notional Amount multiplied by Cap Level Percentage 2. 
(o) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Express Amount; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Issue Price × (Settlement Price Final
StrikePrice
) 
 
Description of the Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Express Amount.  
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Issue Price plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. 
(p) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level:

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
Reverse Level−Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or  
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [ 0; Reverse Level −Max [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
Parity × Exchange Rate Final
] 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the difference between the Reverse Level and the 
Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the 
Final Payout will equal the Reverse Level minus the greater of the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date and the Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be less than zero. 
(q) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Notional Amount × [100%+Premium Percentage × [n]]; 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and greater than the 
Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount ×100%; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × [100% + Settlement Price Final −Underlying Reference Initial
Underlying Reference Initial
] 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus a premium multiplied by a 
memory effect. If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is 
lower than or equal to the Strike Price but greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout 
will equal the Notional Amount. If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(r) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Memory Securities  
If Single Final Payout Standard Memory Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × [100% + [Premium Percentage] × [n]]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × [100% + (Settlement Price Final −Underlying Reference Initial
Underlying Reference Initial
)] 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus a premium multiplied by 
a memory effect.  
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. 
(s) 
Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:  
 
Cert (t0)  × AF (t) × [UR (t) × Fx (t) /(UR (t0)  × Fx (t0)) ] 
where: 
"ACT(i,i-1)" means the number of calendar days between two ACT Days; 
"ACT Day" means Scheduled Trading Days, Commodity Business Days or calendar days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AF(t)" means fees factor(t) × div reinvested factor(t); 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent 
representing the amount of taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of any cash dividends ex-dividend at

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
dateti payable in respect of the relevant Share or a constituent share in an Index pursuant to any 
applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"Cert(t0)" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"div reinvested factor(t)" means: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share or an Index (where in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent dividends on the constituent share are not reinvested in the Index),  
Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 + Div Percentage × Gross div(ti) / UR(ti-1)); or  
(ii) 
otherwise, 1; 
"Div Percentage" means: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 1 – Applicable 
Withholding Tax;  
"Exchange Rate Previous" means Exchange Rate Initial or the Exchange Rate on the Initial 
Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees factor(t)" means Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 – fees × ACT(i,i-1)/360); 
"First Valuation Date" means the Strike Date or the Initial Valuation Date, as specified in the 
Final Terms; 
"Fx(t)" means Exchange Rate Final; 
"Fx(t0)" means Exchange Rate Previous; 
"Gross div(ti)" means (i) if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend and without any tax 
credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in 
respect of such dividend) ex-dividend at dateti and effectively paid or (ii) if the Underlying 
Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any withholding or 
deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to 
tax in respect of such dividend and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend) ex-dividend at date ti

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
on any constituent share in such Index at date ti, taking into account the weight of such 
constituent share at date ti-1 and effectively paid, provided that if no ordinary cash dividends 
are paid ex-dividend at dateti, Gross div(ti) will be zero; 
"Initial Valuation Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Initial 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and shall be subject to the provisions 
thereof; 
"UR(t)" means Settlement Price Final; 
"UR(ti-1)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Scheduled Trading 
Day prior to the Dividend ex Date(ti-1); and 
"UR(t0)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the First Valuation Date. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout replicates the performance of the Underlying Reference less certain amounts 
(including, but not limited to, fees (including quanto fees), dividends paid (if applicable) and 
roll fees depending on the Underlying Reference). 
(t) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier 
Level at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Max [Settlement Price Final;Bonus Level]
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
  ; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]  . 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the maximum between the 
Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity).

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
(u) 
Single Final Payout Continuous Bonus Floored Securities  
If Single Final Payout Continuous Bonus Floored Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) ; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)  
Description of the Final Payout 
If at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Notional 
Amount multiplied by the maximum between the Bonus Level Percentage and the performance 
of the Underlying Reference. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus 
the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(v) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level has been less than the Barrier Level: 
Reverse Level−Min [Bonus Level;Settlement Price Final]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [ 
Floor Level
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final)  ; 
(Reverse Level−Settlement Price Final)
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final) 
 ] 
Where 
"Floor Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level at all times during the 
Observation Period, the Final Payout will equal the Reverse Level minus the minimum

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
between the Bonus Level and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the 
product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the 
maximum between the Reverse Level minus the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Floor Level (divided 
by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(w) 
Single Final Payout – Upside and Downside Securities  
If Single Final Payout – Upside and Downside Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × [100% +Settlement Premium]; or 
(ii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)         
Where "Settlement Premium" means: 
Max [Upside Participation Factor × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
−1) ; Downside Participation Factor
× (1 −Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)] 
 
Description of the Final Payout and Settlement Premium 
If no Knock-out Event occurs, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the 
Settlement Premium. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the 
performance of the Underlying Reference. The Settlement Premium is the absolute value of the 
performance of the Underlying Reference multiplied by the relevant participation factor. 
(x) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside Securities  
If Single Final Payout Capped Upside and Downside Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Cap Level and no Knock-out 
Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Cap Level Percentage 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Cap Level and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred:

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
Notional Amount × [100% +Settlement Premium]; or 
(iii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Notional Amount] × Min ((Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
); Cap Level Percentage) 
 
Where "Settlement Premium" means: 
Max [Upside Participation Factor × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
−1) ; Downside Participation Factor 
× (1 −Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
Description of the Final Payout and Settlement Premium 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Cap Level and if no Knock-out Event occurs, the Final Payout will equal the 
Notional Amount multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage. If the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap Level and no Knock-out 
Event occurs, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount plus the Settlement Premium.  
If the Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Notional Amount 
multiplied by the minimum between the performance of the Underlying Reference and the Cap 
Level Percentage. The Settlement Premium is the absolute value of the performance of the 
Underlying Reference multiplied by the relevant participation factor.  
(y) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than 
the Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level:

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
 
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the 
Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ;or 
 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by 
the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference has at any 
time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during the Observation Period and at all 
times less than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the 
Underlying Reference Level has at all times been greater than the Barrier Level during the 
Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(z) 
Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
If Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than 
the Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 1]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
 
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the 
Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 2]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 3]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
maximum of Cap Percentage 1 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity).  
If the Underlying Reference has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during 
the Observation Period and at all times less than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will be 
equal to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a Cap Percentage 2 (divided by 
the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at 
all times been greater than the Barrier Level during the Observation Period, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a 
maximum of Cap Percentage 3(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
 
(aa) 
Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level −Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level and less than the Upper 
Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
 ;or 
 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final] 
where:  
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Lower Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
the Upper Level less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity). If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to the Lower Level, the Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(bb) 
Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level − Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the Upper 
Level: 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]. 
Where 
 "Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the 
Upper Level, the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity), provided that the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less 
the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than 
the Upper Level, the Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(cc) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if 
Settlement 
Price 
Final 
is 
greater 
than 
the 
Lower 
Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ;or  
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final].; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the 
Upper Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 or  
(C) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final] 
where: 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period greater than 
the Lower Level and if the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date 
is greater than the Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the 
Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time during the 
Observation Period been less than or equal to the Lower Level and if the Settlement Price of 
the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the Lower Level, the Final

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
Payout will equal the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date less 
the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, 
in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Lower 
Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 2 (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
 
(dd) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] ; or  
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level:  
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the 
Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
  ; or  
(C) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
where:

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the 
Upper Level and if the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is 
less than the Upper Level, then the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than 
the Upper Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has been at any time 
during the Observation Period equal to or greater than the Upper Level, and if the Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Upper Level, then the 
Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference 
on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), 
provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the 
Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than or equal to 
the Upper Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 2 (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity).  
(ee) 
Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities  
If Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
Max(0;Settlement Price Final−Strike Price)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or  
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
Max(0;Strike Price−Settlement Price Final)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
   
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Securities, the greater of the excess (if 
any) of the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the 
case of Put Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
Price on the Valuation Date and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity. 
(ff) 
Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities:  
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max (0;Settlement Price Final−Strike Price)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or  
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]. 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max (0; Strike Price − Settlement Price Final)
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
 
 
where: 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout equals the Final Level (divided by the 
product of the Exchange and Parity). If a Knock-in Event has occurred then the Final Payout 
will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the 
Settlement Price on the Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the case of Put 
Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
(gg) 
Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
Max (0; (Final Price−Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity×Conversion Rate Final
))  ; or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
Max (0; (Capitalised Exercise Price−Final Price
Parity×Conversion Rate Final
))  
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Securities, the greater of the excess (if 
any) of the Final Price over the Capitalised Exercise Price and zero, or (ii) in the case of Put 
Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Capitalised Exercise Price over the Final 
Price and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Conversion Rate Final and Parity. 
(hh) 
Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bull Certificate, the Bull Certificate Value on the relevant Valuation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Bear Certificate, the Bear Certificate Value on the relevant Valuation 
Date, 
in each case, converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Adjusted Bear CV" or "Adjusted Bull CV" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Bear CVt formula or the Bull CVt formula, as the case may be, in 
this Formulas Condition 1.1(hh) except that: 
(i) 
with respect to any calculation to be made following the first Reset Event occurring 
during an Observation Time Period (the "Relevant Observation Time Period") Ut 
will be the Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time;

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
(ii) 
with respect to any subsequent Reset Events occurring within the Relevant 
Observation Time Period: 
(a) 
Bear CVt-1 will be the Adjusted Bear CV and Bull CVt-1 will be the Adjusted 
Bull CV, as the case may be, last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(b) 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
(c) 
Ut is the Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(d) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will 
be equal to (0) zero; and 
(f) 
in the case of Commodity Securities and Index Securities to which Futures 
Price Valuation applies, rct-1 will be equal to (0) zero. 
"Bear CV0" means the Issue Price per Certificate converted into the Calculation Currency at 
the Exchange Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bear CVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bear CVt, the Bear Certificate Value last 
calculated, provided that, the Bear CVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bear CV0; 
"Bear Certificate Value" or "Bear CVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities: 
   max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1] ; 
(ii) 
in the case of Commodity Securities or Index Securities to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies: 
  max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉  𝑡−1  × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+𝑟𝑐 𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ] ; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Securities: 
   max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉  𝑡−1  × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1  ];

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
"Bull CV0" means the Issue Price per Certificate converted into the Calculation Currency at the 
Exchange Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bull Certificate Value" or "Bull CVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities: 
   max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡𝑛𝑒𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ] ;  
(ii) 
in the case of Commodity Securities or Index Securities to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies: 
    max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+ 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]; or  
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Securities: 
max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉  𝑡−1  × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ] ;and  
 
"Bull CVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bull CVt, the Bull Certificate Value last 
calculated, provided that the Bull CVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bull CV0; 
"Calculation Currency" means the currency of the Underlying Reference (in respect of Index 
Securities, Share Securities and Commodity Securities) or the Alternative Currency (in respect 
of Currency Securities); 
"Calculation Timet" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing 
Time (in respect of Index Securities and Share Securities), the time at which the official closing 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or 
Option Exchange is published (in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies), the time at which the relevant Commodity Reference Price is published by the 
relevant Exchange (in respect of Commodity Securities) or the Valuation Time (in respect of 
Currency Securities), in each case on such Relevant Business Day; 
"Calculation Timet-1" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing 
Time (in respect of Index Securities and Share Securities), the time at which the official closing 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or 
Option Exchange is published (in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies), the time at which the relevant Commodity Reference Price is published by the

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
relevant Exchange (in respect of Commodity Securities) or the Valuation Time (in respect of 
Currency Securities), in each case on the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
day; 
"Commencement Date" means, the Listing Date of the relevant Bear Certificate or Bull 
Certificate (t=1); 
"Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case 
of Index Securities, Share Securities, Commodity Securities or Index Securities to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies) if not specified, 7.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the 
relevant Exchange or Futures or Options Exchange is situated), in the case of a normal trading 
session and 3.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the relevant Exchange or Futures or 
Options Exchange is situated), in the case of a half day trading session; 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐬" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in 
respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each 
Index Share (as defined below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝒏𝒆𝒕" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share 
(as defined below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date less any taxes deducted or withheld at 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends pursuant to any applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the 
time of the distribution; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index (an "Index 
Share"), the date on which such Share or Index Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Fee" or "F" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may adjust 
the Fee within the Fee Range to reflect a change in the cost to the Issuer of issuing the 
Securities or providing a price in the secondary market. Where the Securities are traded on the 
Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments (the "SeDeX"), 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana, the Fee may only be adjusted downwards and on the 
occurrence of such adjustment, the new Fee will be notified by the Calculation Agent to Borsa 
Italiana and published on the website www.mediobanca.com; 
"Fee Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Financing Component(t)" or "FCt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day:

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Bear Certificates that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((−𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(ii) 
in the case of Bull Certificates that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);   
(iii) 
in the case of Bear Certificates that are Commodity Securities or Index Securities to 
which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);   
(iv) 
in the case of Bull Certificates that are Commodity Securities or Index Securities to 
which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(v) 
in the case of Bear Certificates that are Currency Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏−𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡); or 
(vi) 
in the case of Bull Certificates that are Currency Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏+ 𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
 
"Hedging Cost" or "hc" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If at any time after the Listing Date the cost of hedging the Securities materially exceeds such 
specified percentage, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may adjust the Hedging Cost, to reflect this change, save that the Hedging 
Cost will not be less than the Minimum Hedging Cost and will not exceed the Maximum 
Hedging Cost. If the Securities are traded on the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana and 
the Hedging Cost is amended as provided above, the new Hedging Cost will be notified by the 
Calculation Agent to Borsa Italiana and/or any other relevant exchange, and published on the 
website www.mediobanca.com; 
"Interest Margin" or "rm" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Calculation Agent may adjust the Interest Margin, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to reflect any disparity between the Reference Interest Rate 
and the Issuer's funding rate, save that the Interest Margin will not be less than the Minimum 
Interest Margin and will not exceed the Maximum Interest Margin; 
"Leverage Factor" or "L" means the positive number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
"Maximum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing 
price", "purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", 
"official settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid high", "bid low", 
"ask high", "ask low", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference 
published by the Observation Price Source; 
"Observation Price Source" means the price source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Time Period" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the period of time 
from but excluding Calculation Timet-1 to and including Calculation Timet; 
"Rate Period" or "n(t-1,t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) the number of 
calendar days from (and including) the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
Relevant Business Day to (but excluding) such Relevant Business Day, divided by (ii) 360; 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Reference 
Floating Rate Option in respect of such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such Relevant 
Business Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and from such 
source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
"Reference Interest Rate", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖
", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒃" or "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒓" means, in respect of a Relevant Business 
Day, the fixed rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the Reference Floating 
Rate for the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Relevant Business Day" means, an Exchange Business Day (in respect of Index Securities or 
Share Securities), a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Securities) or a 
Scheduled Trading Day (in respect of Currency Securities), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Price" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the price obtained by unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant Security during the Unwinding Time Period 
immediately following the relevant Reset Event Determination Time. The Unwinding Time 
Period shall occur during the opening hours of the relevant Exchange (in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities or Commodity Securities), the opening hours of the relevant 
Futures or Options Exchange (in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies) or immediately following the occurrence of the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time (in respect of Currency Securities). If the period between the occurrence of the latest 
Reset Event Determination Time and the official closing time of the relevant Exchange (in the 
case of Index Securities, Share Securities or Commodity Securities) or Futures or Options 
Exchange (in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies) or the 
twelve hour period immediately following the occurrence of the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time (in respect of Currency Securities) would otherwise include a day that is 
not a Relevant Business Day, then the period for determining the Reset Price shall be extended 
to the following Relevant Business Day, until a full period equal to the Unwinding Time Period 
has passed since the most recent Reset Event Determination Time; 
"Reset Threshold" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in respect of Bear Certificates that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠   ; 
(ii) 
in respect of Bull Certificates that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 ; 
(iii) 
in respect of Bear Certificates that are Commodity Securities or Index Securities to 
which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1   )  ;

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
 
(iv) 
in respect of Bull Certificates that are Commodity Securities or Index Securities to 
which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1   ); 
 
(v) 
in respect of Bear Certificate that are Currency Securities: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    𝑈𝑡−1  ;or 
(vi) 
in respect of Bull Certificates that are Currency Securities: 
(  1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    𝑈𝑡−1; 
 
provided that:  
(a) 
at Calculation Timet on such Relevant Business Day the "Reset Threshold" calculated 
pursuant to paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above will be reset and calculated as 
provided above except that references to "Ut-1" will be deemed to be references to "Ut" 
and, in the case of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, references to "rct-1" will be deemed 
to be references to "rct"; and 
(b) 
the Reset Threshold will be reset on the occurrence of each Reset Event and will be 
calculated in accordance with the Reset Threshold formula, except that: 
(i) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated before the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(ii) 
divt
net or divt
gross, as the case may be, is equal to (0) zero; and 
(iii) 
rct-1 is equal to (0) zero.  
"Reset Threshold Percentage" or "Preset" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rollover Costst" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the 
Relevant Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) where the Relevant 
Business Day is a Futures Rollover Date, an amount, which may be positive or negative, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or the relevant 
Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or Futures 
Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, 
such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Securities;

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
"Rollover Costst-1" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕−𝟏" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) 
where the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is a Futures Rollover Date, an 
amount, which may be positive or negative, calculated by the Calculation Agent representing 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current 
Exchange-traded Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current 
Exchange-traded Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of 
the relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the 
Securities; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given it in the applicable Annex to the Terms and 
Conditions except that (x) in the case of Commodity Securities, references to "Pricing Date" 
and (y) in the case of Currency Securities, references to "Settlement Price Date", shall in each 
case be deemed to be references to the "Relevant Business Day"; 
"Underlying Price(t)" or "U(t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day and subject as 
provided in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
(i) 
in respect of Index Securities, Share Securities, Commodity Securities or Currency 
Securities, the Settlement Price on such Relevant Business Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies, (i) if the 
Relevant Business Day is the Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Security, the 
Settlement Price on such Relevant Business Day, or (ii) if the Relevant Business Day 
is not the Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Security, the Settlement Price or, if 
First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the First 
Traded Price in each case on such Relevant Business Day;  
"Underlying Price(t-1)" or "U(t-1)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the 
Underlying Price(t) for the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day; and  
"Unwinding Time Period" means a period of three hours (in respect of Index Securities and 
Share Securities) or a period of twelve hours (in respect of Commodity Securities and Currency 
Securities). 
"Valuation Date" means, the earlier to occur of: 
(i) 
the date designated as such by the Issuer provided that such date is determined by the 
Issuer and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) at the latest on the tenth (10th) Relevant Business Day 
preceding the contemplated Valuation Date;

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
 
(ii) 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Single Final Payout - Leverage 
Factor Securities Final Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
if Put Payout Leverage Factor Securities and/or Call Payout Leverage Factor 
Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Optional Settlement Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
provided, in each case, that if such date is not a Relevant Business Day, the Valuation Date will 
be the next following Relevant Business Day.  
Subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will calculate the Bear Certificate Value and 
the Bull Certificate Value on each Relevant Business Day. In order to make such calculation 
the Calculation Agent will also calculate the Underlying Pricet on each Relevant Business Day.  
If, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including the Valuation Date), the Underlying 
Pricet is not available before the Cut-off Time, or (x) such Relevant Business Day is a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Share Securities, Currency Securities and Index Securities other 
than Index Securities in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), or (y) as a consequence of a Market Disruption Event (in the case 
of Commodity Securities), the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such 
Relevant Business Day acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to such source(s) as it considers appropriate.  
In the case of Index Securities in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including 
the Valuation Date), the Underlying Pricet is not available before the Cut-off Time (other than 
as a result of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such Relevant Business Day acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it 
considers appropriate.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in the determination of the Calculation Agent the 
Observation Price of the Underlying Reference at one or more time(s) (each such time a "Reset 
Event Determination Time") during any Observation Time Period is (i) equal to or greater 
than the Reset Threshold (in the case of Bear Certificates) or (ii) equal to or less than the Reset 
Threshold (in the case of Bull Certificates) (each a "Reset Event"), the Calculation Agent will 
on each occasion calculate the Reset Price as provided in the "Reset Price" definition above 
and the Adjusted Bull CV or the Adjusted Bear CV, as the case may be, shall be the Bull 
Certificate Value or the Bear Certificate Value, as the case may be, for such Reset Event 
Determination Time on such Relevant Business Day. If one or more Reset Events occurs in an 
Observation Time Period, at Calculation Timet falling at the end of such period the Calculation

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
Agent will calculate the Bull Certificate Value or the Bear Certificate Value, as the case may 
be, using the formula set out above except that: 
A. 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
B. 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to Calculation Timet; 
C. 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will be equal 
to (0) zero; and 
D. 
in the case of Commodity Securities and Index Securities to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies, rct-1 will be equal to (0) zero. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The percentage change in value of the Securities over one day will be the Leverage Factor 
which is a constant factor for each Security multiplied by the daily performance of the relevant 
Underlying Reference measured as the percentage change of the reference price from one day 
to the next day adjusted by the applicable Financing Component (which includes a Fee, an 
Interest Margin and Hedging Cost and may be positive or negative depending on, amongst 
other things, prevailing interest rates). Bull Certificates aim to produce a performance equal to 
the Leverage Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the performance 
of the relevant Underlying Reference whereas Bear Certificates aim to produce a performance 
equal to the Leverage Factor times the inverse performance of the relevant Underlying 
Reference. However, because the performance of the Securities over any period longer than 
one day will be derived from the compounded daily performance of the relevant Underlying 
Reference during that period, such Security's performance may differ significantly to the 
overall performance of the Underlying Reference over that same period. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Constant Percentage: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will consist in the Notional Amount multiplied by a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1. 
(jj) 
Multiple Final Payout - Normal Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Normal Performance Securities:

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage+Participation Factor × Final Settlement Value ] ; or 
Notional Amount  × Max [ 0%;  Constant Percentage+Participation Factor × Final Settlement  
Value]; or 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max ( Floor Percentage , 
Gearing × Final Settlement Value ) ] ; or 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Min ( Floor Percentage , 
Gearing × Final Settlement Value )  ]; or 
 Notional Amount × {Constant Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Min [ (Cap Percentage; 
Participation Factor 2 × Max (Floor Percentage ; Gearing × Final Settlement Value ) ) ] }  
where: 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout will consist in the Notional Amount multiplied by (i) a Constant Percentage 
or a Protection Level and (ii) a participation factor augmented of the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. Such performance may be subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage, a 
Gearing, a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(kk) 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Performance Differential Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × ( Beta 1 × Final Settlement 
Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Settlement Value 2 ) ]; 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max [ ( Beta 1 × Final 
Settlement Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Settlement Value 2 ) ; Floor ] }; or 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Min [ ( Beta 1 × Final 
Settlement Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Settlement Value 2 ) ; Cap ] }; or 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max [ Min [ ( Beta 1 × 
Final Settlement Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Settlement Value 2 ) ; Cap ] ; Floor ] }; 
where: 
"Beta 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Beta 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout consists in the differential in performance between two Underlying 
References and in a Constant Percentage. Such differential in performance is subject to certain 
participation factors. 
 
(ll) 
Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1-
Way Floor Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × 
Option; Constant Percentage 3 ) ] 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); and 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage);

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout is subject to a minimum and comprises: 
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage; subject to Gearing.  
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(mm) 
Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1-
Way Cap Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 
Constant Percentage 3 ) ] 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 4);

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage);  
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout is subject to a maximum and comprises: 
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage; subject to Gearing.  
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(nn) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 2-
Way Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ 2-Way Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 
1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant Percentage 2 ) + Participation Factor 2 × Min ( Constant 
Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant Percentage 4 ) ] 
where: 
"2-Way Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 5 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 6)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 7);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 9);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 10); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 11 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 12)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2;

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 13);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 15);  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 16); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) with a minimum and a 
maximum; or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) with a minimum and a maximum; or  
• a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, with a minimum and a maximum and subject to Gearing;  
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(oo) 
Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Securities  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Reverse Convertible Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
KI – Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage ) 
Or 
Notional Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Cap Percentage ) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 4)); 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage);  
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(i) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(i) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash 
Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 1. 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum or a maximum and 
comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1;  
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1) 
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1) 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 3;  
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2)

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 8);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11));

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 14); 
and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(ii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(ii) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash 
Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value above

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1;  
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1) 
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1) 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 3;  
Or

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2) 
Or 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 8); 
and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 14); 
and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(iii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - KO Reverse Convertible Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - KO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage) 
Or 
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing × Option; Cap 
Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4));

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage);  
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 1. 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum and 
comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value;

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
References with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied 
to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Min ( Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value 
+ Constant Percentage 2 ); 
or 
Notional Amount × Max ( Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement 
Value + Constant Percentage 2 ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises:  
• if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred, (A) the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage. and (ii) 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant 
Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2 or (B) 
the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage and (ii) indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 2. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Securities

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max ( Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement 
Value + Constant Percentage 2 ); 
or 
Notional Amount × Min ( Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value 
+ Constant Percentage 2 ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises:  
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, (A) the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage. and 
(ii) indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant 
Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2 or (B) 
the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage and (ii) indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 2. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; 
Constant Percentage 2); or 
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; 
Constant Percentage 2 );  
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 3; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; 
Constant Percentage 5 ); or

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
Notional Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; 
Constant Percentage 5 );  
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 8);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 10); 
and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 12 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 13)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 14);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 16); 
and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 17); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(vii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo) (vii) apply 
and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms no 
Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a 
fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage. 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
• 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or  
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in 
the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing.  
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 1 );  or 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; 
Constant Percentage 2); or 
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; 
Constant Percentage 2 );  
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 2 + Constant Percentage 3 );  or 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; 
Constant Percentage 4); or 
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; 
Constant Percentage 4 );  
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 3 + Constant Percentage 5 );  or 
Notional Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 5 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; 
Constant Percentage 6 ); or 
Notional Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 5 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; 
Constant Percentage 6 );  
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 8);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 10); 
and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 12 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 13));

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 14);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 16); 
and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 17); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 18 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 19)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant Percentage 20);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 22); 
and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 23); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. 
(oo) (viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred, if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-
out Event has occurred or the Final Payout is subject to a minimum or a maximum and 
comprises: 
• 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
• 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or  
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in 
the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing.  
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(pp) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Securities  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + 
 Gearing 1 × Max ( Gearing 2 × ( Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage ) ]

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout   
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities:  
 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [ Max (Gearing 2 × ( 
Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage ); Floor Percentage), Cap Percentage ] } 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
This indexation cannot be higher than a Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – PlainVanilla Put Securities: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max ( Gearing 2 × ( Strike 
Percentage - Final Settlement Value ); Floor Percentage ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by 
Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla Put Spread Securities: 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [ Max (Gearing 2 × ( 
Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value ); Floor Percentage ) ; Cap Percentage] } 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the value of the

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
 
Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
This indexation cannot be higher than a Cap Percentage. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla KI Digital Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon ); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
•  if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
• if a Knock-in event has not occurred: a different fixed percentage. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon ); or 
(B) 
 if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if a Knock-out event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
• if a Knock-out event has not occurred: a different fixed percentage. 
 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage ) ); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• a fixed percentage; and 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the geared 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
Floor Percentage. 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage ) ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• a fixed percentage; and  
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject 
to a Floor Percentage. 
(qq) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Standard Asian Securities: 
(A) 
If Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) 
, Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor Percentage ) )

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
(B) 
If Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) ×  Max (  Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)  , 
Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
(C) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable, then: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i) 
, Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
(D) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) ×  Max (  Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i)  , 
Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
where: 
"Final Settlement Value(i) " means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted 
Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
 "W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the average

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
value is above or below the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor Percentage and, 
possibly, a Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities: 
(A) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike 
Percentage(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor 
Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
(B) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) ×  Max (  Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)  
, Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
 
(C) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement 
Value(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor 
Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
(D) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min [ Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) ×  Max (  Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i)  
, Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ] 
where: 
"Final Settlement Value(i)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the average 
value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor Percentage and, possibly, a 
Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor Percentage and a Cap Percentage. 
(rr) 
Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
Standard Himalaya Securities: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) ×  
Max ( Best Lock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) ; Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) 
) 
where: 
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; and  
"BestLockValue(i)" means the highest Underlying Reference Value on MFP Valuation Date(i) 
of the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of MFP Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each 
Underlying Reference in Relevant Basket(i-1) but excluding the Underlying Reference in 
relation to BestLockValue(i-1). Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Percentage(i) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying References above the Strike Percentage in 
accordance with certain selection criteria on each MFP Valuation Date. In particular, the 
value of the best performing Underlying Reference in the basket is calculated and then 
removed from such basket for the following MFP Valuation Dates, therefore providing an

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
 
indexation to the average of those calculated values (the BestLockValues) above the Strike 
Percentage. The minimum level is equal to Floor Percentage. 
(ss) 
Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Dispersion Securities:  
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Global Floor Percentage; ( 1/K ) × Sum ( 
k=1, 2,…,K ) Dispersion Value(k) – Strike Percentage ) ]  
where: 
"Dispersion Value(k)" means, in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k), the absolute 
value of: [ Final Settlement Value(k) – Basket Value ] 
Description of the Payout  
The Payout comprises indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) when 
the average value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum level of the Global 
Floor Percentage. 
(tt) 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5));

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt) (i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit 
rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) 
plus the Coupon Airbag Percentage;  
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum; or

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage 1)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage 1); or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2;

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if 
the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(ii) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement 
Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject 
to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends 
on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) plus the Coupon Airbag 
Percentage;  
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a 
value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage 1)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage 1); or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1)  
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2); or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2)

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor Percentage 3)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap Percentage 3) or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 16 – nEDS 3 × 
Loss Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 17));

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 18);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 19); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 20); and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(iii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(iii) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if 
the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(iii) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement 
Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject 
to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends 
on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred, and if 
Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or 
a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred, and if 
Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred, and if 
Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. 
When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Option 
is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a 
value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout. 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage 
 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Cap Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4);

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit 
rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage);  
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call or Call Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below or above the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value below this barrier the higher the 
percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage 1)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage 1); 
or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 8); 
and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 14); 
and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(v) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(v) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if 
the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(v) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement 
Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject 
to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends 
on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) plus the Coupon Airbag 
Percentage;  
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a 
value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied:  
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage 1)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage 1); or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1)  
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2); or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2)  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor Percentage 3)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap Percentage 3) or 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3)  
 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floor Percentage 1” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Floor Percentage 2” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Floor Percentage 3” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 1” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 2” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 3” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1);

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 16 – nEDS 3 × 
Loss Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 17)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii)

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 18);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 19); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 20); and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(vi) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(vi) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if 
the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(vi) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement 
Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject 
to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends 
on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has occurred, and if 
Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or 
a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has occurred, and if 
Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has occurred, and if 
Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. 
When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred and if Option 
is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a 
value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the 
Final Payout. 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 4 Step Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1+ FS Exit Rate) 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1); 
or 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2); 
or 
(D) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out Event 
has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
5); and 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 5); Spread Percentage),

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
5); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; 
Constant Percentage 5); Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit 
rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred a fixed percentage (that may differ from the 
above fixed percentage); 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event and no 
Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed 
percentages); or 
• if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred, if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or 
Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or if Option 
is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) , subject to a minimum. 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Extended Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 4 Step Extended Securities: 
(A) if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1+ FS Exit Rate); or 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1)  
or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1); or 
(B) if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1); or

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2); or 
(C) if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2); or 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor Percentage 3)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap Percentage 3); or 
(D) if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 4 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3); or 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 4; Floor Percentage 4)  
Or  
Notional Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 4; Cap Percentage 4); or 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 4" means Put 4, Put Spread 4, Call 4, Call Spread 4, EDS 4 or Forward 4 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii)

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 5); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1– Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 5); Cap Percentage 1). 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1- Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 5);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 5); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2– Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 7); and 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2– Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 7); Cap Percentage 2). 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2- Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 7);

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2- Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 3) 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 8 – nEDS 3 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 9)); 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3– Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 9); and 
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3– Final Settlement Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 9); Cap Percentage 3). 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3- Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 9);  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3- Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 3), 
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
Option 4 
"EDS 4" means Max (EDS Percentage 4, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 4 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 4" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii)

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 4; 
"EDS Percentage 4" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 4" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 4" means Max (Strike Percentage 4– Final Settlement Value 4; Constant 
Percentage 11; and 
"Put Spread 4" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 4– Final Settlement Value 4; 
Constant Percentage 11); Cap Percentage 4). 
"Call 4" means Max (Final Settlement Value 4- Strike Percentage 4; Constant 
Percentage 11);  
"Call Spread 4" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2- Strike Percentage 4; 
Constant Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 4), 
"Spread Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward 4" means Final Settlement Value 4 – Strike Percentage 4; 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Standard 3 Step Knock-in Securities 
(A) If FS Barrier Value is greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition Level 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition Level 
and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is greater than the 
Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 
Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred, the 
minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is lower than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is lower than the 
Final Settlement Condition Level, a Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate);

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred, the minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(xi) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Down Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 2-Step Barrier Down Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level: 
Notional Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is greater than the 
Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Settlement Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed Percentage 2 and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(xii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 2-Step Barrier Up Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
Notional Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level: 
Notional Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is less than the 
Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FS Exit Rate);  
• if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed 
Percentage 2 and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
 
(xiii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred:  
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage;

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (tt)(xiii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt)(xiii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on 
how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the 
EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout, subject to 
Gearing and a minimum.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
 
• Physical Delivery may also apply.  
(xiv) 
Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-out Event has not occurred:  
Notional Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (tt)(xiv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt)(xiv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation (subject 
to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends 
on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the 
EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(uu) 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - Geared Call Performance Securities 
i. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × {Constant Percentage 1 + [Final Settlement Value + 
Additional Gearing × Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage)]} 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × {Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Final Settlement Value + 
Additional Gearing × Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage), Cap Percentage]} 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
 
• If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) and an additional indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
(subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage) 
 
• If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) and an 
additional indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage (subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage), subject 
to a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - Multi Performance Securities: 
i. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable and Floor is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Cap ] } 
 
iii. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable and Floor is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Floor ] } 
iv. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) 
W(n) × ( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Floor ] , Global 
Cap ] } 
where: 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
 
"Loss Percentage(n) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n) " means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1)  – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
 
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread 
the weighted sum of a constant percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage; or 
• a fixed percentage and Option is EDS, the weighted sum of a constant percentage 
and a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the 
basket(s) have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be 
applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or Global Floor. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out Bonus Performance 
Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock- Out Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, 
Final Settlement Value 2 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1 –  
Max ( Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage ) ]; or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Bonus Percentage, 
Final Settlement Value 3 ) – Max (Final Settlement Value 4 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to a 
maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above 
value), up to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock-In Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 1 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 2 ) ). 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 1 - Max ( Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ]; or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 3 ) - Max (Final Settlement 
Value 4 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to 
a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value), up to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Step KI Multi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 2-Step KI Multi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option – Bonus Percentage 2 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 4 × 
Option; Floor Percentage ) 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × 
Loss Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in 
respect of which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) 
less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike 
Percentage; Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• If a Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Multi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 3-Step Multi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option – Bonus Percentage 2 )  
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 
3 + Gearing 4 × Option – Bonus Percentage 4 )  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred:

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
 
Notional Amount × Gearing 5 × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × 
Option; Bonus Floor Percentage ) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (uu)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu)(vi) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
If the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred:

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; 
or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; 
or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
 
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Flexi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 3-Step Flexi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option 1 – Bonus Percentage 2 )  
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 3 × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 
3 + Gearing 4 × Option 2 – Bonus Percentage 4 )  
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount × Gearing 5 × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × 
Option 3; Bonus Floor Percentage ) 
Option 1 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 1" means Max (Floor Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 1 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 4);

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 4); and 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1), 
Option 2 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 2" means Max (Floor Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 2 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 6);  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 6); and 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2), 
Option 3 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 3" means Max (Floor Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 8 – nEDS 3 × 
Loss Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 9)); 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3;

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 3 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 8);  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 8); and 
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1 (uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu)(vii) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
If the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option 1 is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option 1 is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; 
or  
iii. 
if Option 1 is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s); or

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
 
iv. 
if Option 1 is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, possibly, with a different 
Option, i.e. Option 2 
• 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, 
possibly, with a different Option, i.e. Option 3 subject to a Floor 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 2); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 1 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 2 - Max ( Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 1 ) - Max (Final Settlement 
Value 1 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• 
if no Knock- out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up 
to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock- out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level. 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock – In Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 2 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 1 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value 2 - Max ( Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × [ Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Settlement Value 1) - Max ( Final Settlement 
Value 1 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• 
if no Knock- in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to 
a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock- in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level. 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Leveraged Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + [ 
Final Settlement Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike 
Percentage, Floor Percentage ) ] }; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + [Max 
( Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × ( Final Settlement 
Value – Strike Percentage ) ) ] }  
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + Min [ 
Cap Percentage 1, [ Final Settlement Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)]]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + Min [ 
Cap Percentage 2, [ Max (Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + Gearing 
2 × (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage ) ) ] ] )

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
 
 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a minimum of the Fixed Percentage 1; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
minimum of the Floor Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a minimum of the Fixed Percentage1 and up to a maximum level equal to 
the Cap Percentage; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage. The 
aggregate indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(vv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Twin-Win Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Twin-Win Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max [ Floor Percentage 1, 
Gearing 1 × Final Settlement Value ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max [ Max (Gearing 2 × (Strike 
Percentage - Final Settlement Value), Gearing 3 × (Final Settlement Value - 
Strike Percentage)), Floor Percentage 2 ] ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + [ Min ( Cap Percentage 1, 
Gearing 1 × Final Settlement Value) ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × { Constant Percentage 2 + Max { Max [ Gearing 2 × ( 
Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value ), Min ( Cap Percentage 2 – Strike 
Percentage, Gearing 3 × ( Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage ) ) ], 
Floor Percentage }} 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage or an 
indexation (subject to Gearing 2) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage in absolute terms, subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage 2; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor of the Floor 
Percentage 1. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage and up to a 
maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage or an indexation (subject to Gearing 3) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms, subject to 
a Floor Percentage; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(ww) 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-In Outperformance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value + 
Additional Gearing × Max ( Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage ) ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Final Settlement Value )  
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + [ Min ( Cap Percentage 1, Final 
Settlement Value + Additional Gearing × Max ( Final Settlement Value - Strike 
Percentage, Floor Percentage ) ) ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + [Min ( Cap Percentage 2 , Final 
Settlement Value ) ] ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum of a Floor 
Percentage.

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides a limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
• a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to 
a maximum of the Cap Percentage 2; and 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum of a Floor 
Percentage and up to a maximum of the Cap Percentage 1.  
(xx) 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Flexi Performance Securities: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up + Gearing Down × Option 
Down ) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage;

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing Up) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject to a 
maximum level and an indexation (subject to Gearing Down) to the value (this value may differ 
from the value above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may be 
subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above).  
(yy) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Hyper Flexi Performance Securities: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option Up + Gearing 2 × Option Down 
+ Gearing 3 × Option Down + Gearing 4 × Option Up ) 
where: 
"Gearing 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to the relevant 
gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be 
subject to a maximum level and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value 
(this value may differ from the value above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option 
Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level 
above).  
(zz) 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Flexi 
Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing Down × Option Down ) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage;

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be 
subject to a maximum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
value above) through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which may 
differ from the maximum level above). 
(aaa) 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-Out Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Flexi Knock-Out Performance: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Down × Option Down ); or

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up × Option Up ), 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which 
may be subject to a maximum level; or

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value 
above) through the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ 
from the maximum level above).  
(bbb) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing 
Down 1 × Option Down 1 ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing 
Down 2 × Option Down 2 ) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to the 
relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the Option Up 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through the Option Down 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or 
• if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) the Option 
Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which may differ from the 
maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a 
minimum level. 
(ccc) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Knock-out Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing 
Down 1 × Option Down 1 ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing 
Down 2 × Option Down 2 ) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage;

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to the 
relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the Option Up 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through the Option Down 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or  
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) the Option 
Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which may differ from the 
maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a 
minimum level. 
(ddd) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Cap 1 ] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) 
W(n) × ( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] ; 
Global Cap 1 ] } 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) ] } 
 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) 
W(j) × ( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] ; Global 
Cap 2 ] } 
 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n));

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2))); 
"Forward(j)" means Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1));  
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j))  
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is Call, Call 
Spread, Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another fixed percentage 
and an indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); 
or 
• if a Knock-in Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is EDS, a 
weighted sum of another percentage and a further percentage that depends on how 
many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage to be applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same features 
described above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant percentages, 
gearing, Options and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
• The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
• Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
(eee) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out Performance Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-Out Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] }

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Cap 1 ] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( 
Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] } 
 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) 
W(n) × ( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] ; Global 
Cap 1 ] } 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( 
Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) 
× ( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] ; Global Cap 2 
] } 
 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1)  – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2)));

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2))); 
"Forward(j)" means Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1));  
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j))  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is Call, Call 
Spread, Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another fixed percentage and an 
indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is EDS, a 
weighted sum of another percentage and a further percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be 
applied to the Notional Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same features 
described above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant percentages, gearing, 
Options and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
• 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
 
 
(fff) 
Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities: 
(i) 
if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( ( Constant Percentage 1 + 
Final Settlement Value(q) - Strike Percentage ) , Local Floor Percentage ) , Global 
Floor Percentage ) );  
Or 
Notional Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 2, …, I) Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( ( 
Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q) ) , Local 
Floor Percentage(i,q) ) , Global Floor Percentage ) ) ;  
 
(ii) 
if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( Min ( Constant Percentage 1 
+ Final Settlement Value(q) - Strike Percentage , Local Cap Percentage ) , Local Floor 
Percentage ) , Global Floor Percentage ) );  
Or 
Notional Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( Min ( Constant Percentage 1 
+ Final Settlement Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q) , Local Cap Percentage(i,q)) , Local 
Floor Percentage ) , Global Floor Percentage ) );  
 
Where 
"I" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Q" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout provides a fixed percentage and an amount equal to the sum of the Final 
Settlement Values above the Strike Percentage with a Local Floor Percentage and possibly a 
Local Cap Percentage, subject to a floor of the Global Floor Percentage. The Final Settlement 
Values are calculated on each MFP Valuation Date during the MFP Valuation Period and 
each may be subject to a cap and/or a floor. 
(ggg) 
Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities:

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Mixed Percentage + Sum ( a = 1, 2, …, A) PW(a) Prod ( b = 1, 
2, …, B ) Additional Final Payout(a,b) )   
where:  
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"PW" is the relevant Additional Final Payout Weighting; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"b" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a constant percentage and a weighted sum of two or more Final 
Payouts provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(hhh) 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities   
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
 
Notional Amount × ( Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 1 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
 
Notional Amount × ( Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 2 ); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
 
• 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout 
provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities   
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities: 
 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
Notional Amount × ( Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 1 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 
Notional Amount × ( Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 2 ); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout 
provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(jjj) 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Max Mixed Payouts Securities: 
Notional Amount × ( Constant Mixed Percentage + Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) Additional Final 
Payout(a) )

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
 
where: 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a maximum of two or more Final Payouts provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(kkk) 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities 
If the Securities are Fund Securities and are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Leveraged Certificates:  
 
Notional Amount × ( Reference Level - Fixed Percentage ) 
where: 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1 ) × Feest)  
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
MFP Settlement Valuation Date;  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date; 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under General Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a leveraged indexation to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above the Fixed Percentage and net of any fees accrued, as calculated on each 
Fee Accrual Date(s) during the Fee Accrual Period(s). 
(lll) 
Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Best Entry Securities: 
Notional Amount × ∑N
n
Weight(n) x Best Entry Level(n) 
Where:  
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Weight(n)” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Best Entry Level(n)” means in respect of each Lock-in Event(n): 
• 
If Lock-in Event(n) has occurred: 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value ÷ Best Entry Strike(n); and  
• 
If Lock-in Event(n) has not occurred:

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
 
the percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lock-in Event(n)” is deemed to have occurred if on any Lock-in Event Date, for the first 
time, the Closing Level of the Underlying Reference is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Lock-in Barrier(n); 
“Lock-in Event Date” means the Daily Valuation Date(s), or the Weekly Valuation Date(s), 
or the different date(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms, all as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Daily Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Weekly Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date 
which occurs on a weekday specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as specified in he 
applicable Final Terms. If such weekday is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
“Lock-in Barrier(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Best Entry Strike(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout embeds a rule-based investment mechanism that allows the investor to get 
exposure to the underlying asset if certain conditions are met. 
At inception, the product has an initial allocation in cash and eventually an initial percentage 
of underlying asset. On a periodical basis, the level of the underlying is monitored and if this is 
below, above or within relevant threshold, part of the cash outstanding is invested in the 
underlying asset. 
In case all the conditions are met, the product will be fully invested in the underlying asset, 
and the final payoff is a delta one with the underlying performance. 
(mmm) 
Multiple Final Payout – Autocall Standard Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Autocall Standard Securities:

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
 
(i) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
Notional Amount × 100% + FS Exit Rate; or 
(ii) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than the Final Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × 100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or 
(iii) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than the Final Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × Min (100%, Final Settlement Value) 
Description of the Payout  
The Payout comprises:  
• 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or greater than 
the Final Settlement Condition Level, 100 per cent. plus a final exit rate (equal to the FS 
Exit Rate);  
• 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is less than the Final 
Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 100 per cent. plus a 
fixed percentage; or  
• 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is less than the Final 
Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred, the minimum of 100 per 
cent. and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(nnn) 
Single FI FX Vanilla Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI FX Vanilla 
Securities: 
(iv) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(v) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(vi) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred:

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(B) 
in all other cases: 
 Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1)  
where:  
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
 if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a floor 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a floor; or 
- 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage. 
 
(ooo) 
Single FI Digital Floor Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Floor 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1;  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date:  
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); 
or

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(ii) if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(iii) if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); 
or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2)  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, 
a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Floor Percentage 1; or

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Floor Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
 
(ppp) 
Single FI Digital Cap Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Cap 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1;  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 1); 
or  
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 2); 
or  
(ii) if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); 
or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2); 
or 
(iii) if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); 
or  
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2).  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Cap Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
 
(qqq) 
Single FI Digital Plus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Plus 
Securities:

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not occurred, the FI 
Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement 
Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, 
(Gearing A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 
1, (Gearing A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out Event has 
occurred, if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A × 
FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Notional Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1.

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-in 
Event has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to 
Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital Plus 
Percentage 1; 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, 
a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the minimum between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the 
indexation (subject to Gearing B) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of 
the FI Digital Floor Percentage; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus an indexation 
(subject to Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital 
Plus Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the minimum 
between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject to Gearing B) to 
the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital Floor Percentage; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-in 
Event has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to 
Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital Plus 
Percentage 1; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the maximum 
between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject to Gearing B) to 
the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital Floor Percentage; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1. 
 
(rrr) 
Continuous FX Wedding Cake Securities  
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Continuous FX Wedding 
Cake Securities: 
(A) 
If, at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level remains within Range 1:

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
 
Notional Amount × FXR_1 
(B) 
If Range 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on 
each Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level 
has, at least once, moved outside Range 1 but has remained within Range 2: 
Notional Amount × FXR_2 
(C) 
If Range nth is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on 
each Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level 
has, at least once, moved outside Range 1, Range 2 and any other wider range (other 
than Range nth) specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, but has remained 
within Range nth 
Notional Amount × FXR_n 
(D) 
If none of the previous conditions has been met: 
Notional Amount  
where: 
"Range 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range nth" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_1" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_2" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_n" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises fixed percentages which vary in accordance with the fluctuation 
of the Underlying Reference Level. In particular, on each Observation Date during the 
Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level may remain in or move outside of certain 
ranges (Range 1, Range 2 and any other wider range (Range nth)), thus determining the 
applicable fixed percentage (respectively, FXR_1, FXR_2, FXR_n). If the Underlying 
Reference Level has at least once moved outside all the applicable ranges (therefore not 
satisfying any applicable condition) the Final Payout will be equal to the Notional Amount. 
 
(sss) 
Single FI Inflation Securities

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Inflation 
Securities: 
Notional Amount × Max [Constant Percentage 1; Gearing × Inflation Rate] 
Or 
Notional Amount × Min [Constant Percentage 1; Max [Constant Percentage 2; Gearing × 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout will be equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by the greater of the 100% 
and the Cumulative Inflation Rate. 
1.2 
Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities  
If Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities and/or Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and/or Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the definitions set out below will apply.  
"Capitalised Exercise Price" or "CEPt" means, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), an amount 
calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise 
Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of Italian Listed 
Securities, CEPt for any day from and including the Issue Date to and including the Listing Date shall be 
equal to the Exercise Prices:  
  
 
Except that: 
(a) 
with respect to Share Securities, ETI Securities and Index Securities (where dividends on the 
Index Shares (as defined below) are not reinvested in the relevant Index), and where dayt is an 
Ex-Dividend Date, the Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded 
upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
(b) 
with respect to Rolling Futures Contract Securities, and where dayt is a Futures Rollover Date, 
the Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or 
downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1 360

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 – Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount 
(c) 
with respect to Index Call Certificates (where dividends on the Index Shares (as defined below) 
are reinvested in the relevant Index), and where dayt is an Ex-Dividend Date, the Capitalised 
Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance 
with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 + Applicable Withholding Tax 
for the purposes of this definition: 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the 
power to tax in respect of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Index Share related to the Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to any applicable double 
taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"CEPt-1" means the Capitalised Exercise Price applicable on dayt-1, provided that the 
Capitalised Exercise Price applicable on the Issue Date shall be equal to the Exercise Price; 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
with respect to Call Certificates, (i) the sum of the cash dividends and/or other 
cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in 
the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share (as defined below)) related to 
such Ex-Dividend Date less applicable taxes deducted or withheld at source by or 
on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such 
dividend pursuant to the applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law 
prevailing at the time of distribution, multiplied by (ii) the Dividend Percentage; or 
(b) 
 with respect to Put Certificates, (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference 
(or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share) related to such Ex-
Dividend Date multiplied by (ii) the Dividend Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exercise Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Financing Ratet-1" means, the Financing Rate applicable on dayt-1; 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount" means an amount, which may be positive or 
negative, calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
 
the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or Futures 
Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, 
such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Certificates. 
The Capitalised Exercise Price will be made available (subject to technical failure) during normal 
business hours on any Local Business Day during the term of the Certificates, on the CEP Website(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Securityholders; 
"Conversion Rate" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) between the currency of the relevant 
Underlying Reference and the Settlement Currency, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
on such day; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share, ETI Interest (in respect of which a dividend is 
paid) or share comprising an Index (an "Index Share"), the date on which such Share, ETI Interest or 
Index Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Final Price" means the Settlement Price or, in the case of Commodity Securities, the Relevant Price on 
the Valuation Date;  
"Final Price Early" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, determined by the 
Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if the Securities are Italian Listed Securities as (i) in respect of a Call Certificate, the 
lowest Observation Price and (ii) in respect of a Put Certificate, the highest Observation 
Price, in each case determined by the Calculation Agent on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Date on which the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurred; or 
(b) 
if the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities, on the basis of the price obtained by 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant 
Certificates during the three-hour period immediately following the occurrence of the 
relevant Automatic Early Settlement Event, provided that (i) the Final Price Early in 
respect of a Call Certificate will be no lower than the lowest Observation Price and (ii) 
the Final Price Early in respect of a Put Certificate will be no greater than the highest 
Observation Price, in each case determined by the Calculation Agent during such three-
hour period, or otherwise, during the opening hours of the relevant exchange. With 
respect to Certificates relating to an Index, Share or ETI Interest, the above-mentioned 
three-hour period shall be counted during the opening hours of the relevant Exchange. 
Accordingly, if the period between the occurrence of the Automatic Early Settlement 
Event and the official closing time of the relevant Exchange is less than three hours, then 
the observation period shall extend to the following Relevant Business Day, until a full

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
 
period of three hours has passed since the occurrence of the Automatic Early Settlement 
Event. With respect to Currency Securities and Commodity Securities, if a period during 
a Relevant Business Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation 
Time and the period between the occurrence of the Automatic Early Settlement Event and 
the end of that period is less than the above mentioned three-hour period, then the 
observation period shall extend to the following Relevant Business Day beginning at 8:00 
am (CET time) until a full period of three hours has passed since the occurrence of the 
Automatic Early Settlement Event; 
"Financing Rate" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the rate calculated as 
Financing Rate Percentage + Interbank Rate 1 – Interbank Rate 2; 
"Financing Rate Percentage" means, in the case of Call Certificates, the positive rate and, in the case of 
Put Certificates, the negative rate, specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that the Calculation 
Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner select an alternative rate which 
must be within the Financing Rate Range. In the case of Securities which are traded on the Multilateral 
Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana such alternative rate will be notified by the Calculation Agent to Borsa Italiana and 
published on the website www.mediobanca.com; 
"Financing Rate Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1" means the offered quotation which appears on the Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page at 
the Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that the 
Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Interbank Rate 1 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such non-
availability or other event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 1 is published; 
"Interbank Rate 2" means the offered quotation which appears on the Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page at 
the Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that the 
Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Interbank Rate 2 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such non-
availability or other event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 2 is published;

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
 
"Local Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Local Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing price", 
"purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", "official settlement 
price", "daily settlement price" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference 
published by the Observation Price Source as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Observation 
Time(s); 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Time(s)" means the time(s) or period(s) of observation specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Parity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Business Day" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Exchange 
Business Day (in respect of Certificates other than Commodity Securities or Currency Securities), a 
Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Securities) or a Scheduled Trading Day (in respect 
of Currency Securities), as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each calendar day in the 
period from and excluding the Issue Date to and including the Settlement Date; 
"Security Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Other than 
in the case of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, the Security Percentage may be adjusted by 
the Calculation Agent on each Reset Date in order to take into account changes in market conditions 
(including, in particular, volatility), provided that the adjusted Security Percentage (a) unless the Security 
Percentage is equal to zero, falls between the "Minimum Security Percentage" and the "Maximum 
Security Percentage" specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) does not trigger the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Settlement Event; 
"Security Threshold" means the amount calculated as follows by the Calculation Agent and rounded 
upwards or downwards in accordance with the Security Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Call Certificates, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with the 
Security Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms, of (i) the Capitalised 
Exercise Price as at the relevant Reset Date and (ii) one, plus the Security Percentage; and 
(b) 
in the case of Put Certificates, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with the 
Security Threshold Rounding Rule, (i) of the Capitalised Exercise Price as at the relevant Reset 
Date and (ii) one, minus the Security Percentage.

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
 
The Security Threshold calculated pursuant to the foregoing shall, subject as provided below, be 
published for information purposes only (subject to technical problems) during normal business hours on 
any Local Business Day during the term of the relevant Certificates on the CEP Website(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Securityholders. If the 
Securities are Italian Listed Securities the Security Threshold on the Issue Date shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
The Security Threshold, from time to time, calculated by the Calculation Agent shall prevail over the 
Security Threshold published on the CEP Website(s), which is published for information purposes only 
and may subsequently be corrected should the amount published differ from the Security Threshold 
calculated by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency" means Euro, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means the relevant Index, Share, ETI Interest, Commodity, Alternative 
Currency, Debt Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant Certificates relate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and 
Put Securities Final Valuation Date and the provisions of (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv), as 
applicable, of the definition of "Valuation Date" in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) 
shall apply if any such day is a Disrupted Day and, in the case of Commodity Securities, the 
provisions of the definition of "Pricing Date" in the Commodity Security Conditions will apply if 
such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Automatic Early Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Relevant Automatic Early Settlement Valuation 
Date, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
1.3 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final Payout 
formulas above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier, provided that the Cash 
Settlement Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final Payout formulas 
above but with such Final Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- 
Structuring Fee”), provided that the Cash Settlement Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled 
Trading Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
Settlement Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage; 
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 426 ---
426 
 
 
 
2. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY SETTLEMENT PAYOUTS  
2.1 
Automatic Early Settlement Payouts Formulas 
If Automatic Early Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Settlement Event occurs, the following Automatic Early Settlement payouts (each an "Automatic 
Early Settlement Payout") shall apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(a) 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1  
If Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
Max (0; (Final Price Early −Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity × Conversion Rate Early
)) ; 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
                                     Max (0; (Capitalised Exercise Price −Final Price Early
Parity × Conversion Rate Early
)). 
The additional definitions relating to the Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities 1 are contained in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities). 
(b) 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 2. 
If Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 0 (zero). 
(c) 
SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout  
If SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:  
Notional Amount × [ Constant AES Percentage + Premium Percentage × i ]. 
Where "Constant AES Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms 
(d) 
MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
If MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout shall be: 
NA × ( AES Settlement Percentage + AES Exit Rate) 
Or

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
 
NA × {[ Max ( AES Settlement Percentage 1  + Gearing × Max ( AES Settlement Percentage 2 
– MFP AES Value; Floor Percentage 1 )); Floor Percentage 2 ] + Premium Percentage × DCF} 
"DCF" is (i) the number of calendar days between the MFP Valuation Date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (included) and the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date on 
which the Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs (excluded), multiplied by the Day Count 
Fraction or (ii) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout, in each case specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"AES up Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min ( Max ( ES Floor Percentage(i), ES Gearing(i) × ( ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES 
Spread(i) ), ES Cap Percentage(i) ) + ES Constant Percentage(i) 
or 
 Min ( ES Gearing(i) × ( ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES Spread(i) , ES Cap Percentage(i) ) 
+ ES Constant Percentage(i)  
 
(b) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max ( ES Floor Percentage(i), ES Gearing(i) × ( ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES Spread(i) ) 
+ ES Constant Percentage(i),   
or 
ES Gearing(i) × ( ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES Spread(i) + ES Constant Percentage(i) 
 
"AES Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Remuneration Payment Date, 
as applicable, immediately preceding the Automatic Early Settlement Date (or if none the Issue 
Date) to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Settlement Date; 
"AES CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AES Rate and the applicable 
AES Day Count Fraction; 
"AES Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Exit Rate" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, any 
of AES Rate, AES up Rate or AES CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Rate(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c);

--- Page 428 ---
428 
 
 
"AES Settlement Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Settlement Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Settlement Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Reference Rate Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Cap Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Constant Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Gearing" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Spread" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Strike Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Value" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the value 
from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"MFP ES Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"MFP ES Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Leveraged Certificates Automatic Early Settlement Payout  
If Leveraged Certificates Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Automatic Early Settlement Payout in relation to each relevant Certificate 
shall be:

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
 
Net Proceeds
Number of Certificates issued 
If the Automatic Early Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms  
Unless "Rounding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable, the Leveraged 
Certificates Automatic Early Settlement Payout shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the Leveraged Certificates Automatic 
Early Settlement Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum Leveraged Certificates 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum Leveraged Certificates 
Automatic Early Settlement Payout, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds which the Issuer has actually received from the sale of all 
the shares or quotas held by it in the Underlying Reference, net of any costs, expenses or taxes 
incurred by the Issuer in connection with such sale. 
(f) 
Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms,  
NA × (Constant TAES Percentage + Final Remuneration Rate); 
Where "Constant TAES Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms 
(g) 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA  
(h) 
FI Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA × (FI CAES Percentage + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) × Final Day Count 
Fraction)). 
Where "FI CAES Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to:

--- Page 430 ---
430 
 
 
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout formulas above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided 
that the Automatic Early Settlement Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout formulas above but with such Automatic Early Settlement Payout formulas 
amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- Structuring Fee”), provided that the Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled 
Trading Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage; 
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
 
 
3. 
SECURITYHOLDER PUT OPTION PAYOUTS 
3.1 
Securityholder Put Option Payouts Formulas  
The following Securityholder Put Option Payouts (each a "Put Payout") shall apply to the Securities if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1  
If Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
CV in respect of the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate "CV" on each CV Calculation Day in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝐶𝑉(𝑡−1)  × 𝐴𝐹(𝑡) ×
𝑈𝑅(𝑡) × 𝐹𝑥(𝑡)
𝑈𝑅(𝑡−1) × 𝐹𝑥(𝑡−1)
 
where: 
"ACT(t,t-1)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, the number of calendar days between 
the ACT Day corresponding with such CV Calculation Day and the immediately preceding 
ACT Day; 
"ACT Day" means each CV Calculation Day; 
"AF(t)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day: 
[1 + Reference Rate  (t−1) – Management Fee Rate] 
ACT (t,t−1)
360
 × div reinvested factor  (𝑡) ×  𝑅𝑜𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜 (𝑡) 
 
"CV(0)" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CV(t-1)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, CV in respect of the immediately 
preceding CV Calculation Day or if none, CV(0); 
"CV Calculation Day" means each Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day or 
calendar day as specified in the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Issue Date to 
(and including) the last day on which any Security of the series is outstanding; 
"Div Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"div reinvested factor(t)" means: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share or an Index (where in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent dividends on the constituent share are not reinvested in the Index),  
[1 + 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × 
𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 𝑑𝑖𝑣(𝑡)
𝑈𝑅(𝑡−1) ]   ; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 1;

--- Page 432 ---
432 
 
 
"Fx(0)" means Exchange Rate Initial; 
"Fx(t)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, the Exchange Rate on such CV Calculation 
Day; 
"Fx(t-1)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, the Exchange Rate on the immediately 
preceding CV Calculation Day or if none, Exchange Rate Initial; 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Ratio" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, a positive 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in relation to the preceding Current 
Exchange-traded Contract divided by (ii) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
establishing hedging arrangements in relation to the Current Exchange-traded Contract, in each 
case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata 
among the Securities of the series; 
"Gross div(t)" means (i) if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax 
credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in 
respect of such dividends) ex-dividend at date t and effectively paid or (ii) if the Underlying 
Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any taxes or 
application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the 
power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or deduction 
granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) ex-
dividend at date t on any constituent share in such Index at date t, taking into account the 
weight of such constituent share at date t-1 and effectively paid; 
"Management Fee Rate" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Rate(t-1)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, (i) if the Securities are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable on the CV Calculation Day immediately preceding such CV Calculation Day or (ii) 
otherwise, 0; 
"Rollover Ratio(0)" equals 1; 
"Rollover Ratio(t)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, (i) if the Securities are Rolling 
Futures Contract Securities and such CV Calculation Day is a Futures Rollover Date, the 
Futures Rollover Adjustment Ratio or (ii) otherwise, 1; 
"UR(0)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"UR(t)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, the Settlement Price on such CV 
Calculation Day; 
"UR(t-1)" means, in respect of a CV Calculation Day, the Settlement Price on the CV 
Calculation Day immediately preceding such CV Calculation Day; 
"Optional Settlement Valuation Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if the Securities are Index Securities in respect of which "Futures Price

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
 
Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Settlement Price is 
not available in respect of a CV Calculation Day (other than as a result of a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Settlement Price for such CV Calculation Day acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it considers appropriate. 
Description of the Put Payout  
The Put Payout replicates the performance of the Underlying Reference less certain amounts 
(including, but not limited to, fees (including quanto fees and management fees), dividends 
paid (if applicable) and roll fees depending on the Underlying Reference). 
(b) 
Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities  
If Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
 
Max (0; (Final Price −Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity ×  Conversion Rate Early
)) 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
Max (0; (Capitalised Exercise Price −Final Price
Parity ×  Conversion Rate Early
)) 
The additional definitions relating to the Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities are 
contained in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call and 
Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities). 
(c) 
Put Payout Leverage Factor Securities  
If Put Payout Leverage Factor Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Put Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Single Final Payout - Leverage 
Factor Securities, save that references to "Valuation Date" therein and in the related provisions 
shall be deemed to be references to "the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date". 
(d) 
MFP Put Payout 
If MFP Put Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be: 
NA × (MFP Put Settlement Percentage+ MFP Put Exit Rate)

--- Page 434 ---
434 
 
 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Put Payout will be subject to a 
cap of the Maximum MFP Put Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Put Payout, in each 
case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"MFP Put Up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (MFP Put Floor Percentage, MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value – MFP Put Strike 
Percentage ) + MFP Put Spread Percentage), MFP Put Cap Percentage) + MFP Put Constant 
Percentage 
Or 
Min (MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike Percentage) + MFP Put Spread 
Percentage, MFP Put Cap Percentage ) + MFP Put Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (MFP Put Floor Percentage, MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike Percentage) 
+ MFP Put Spread Percentage) + MFP Put Constant Percentage 
Or 
MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike Percentage) + MFP Put Constant 
Percentage 
"MFP Put Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Remuneration 
Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the relevant Optional Settlement Date 
(Put) (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Settlement Date (Put); 
"MFP Put Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Put CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the MFP Put Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
MFP Put Exit Rate" means any of MFP Put Rate, MFP Put up Rate or MFP Put CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP Put Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
 
"MFP Put Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the MFP Put Rate is to be 
determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the MFP Put Rate shall be calculated pursuant to 
General Security Condition 17.5(d) (AES Rate Determination), as applicable, save that 
references therein to "AES" shall be deemed to be references to "Put"; 
"MFP Put Settlement Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Value" means, in respect of a MFP Put Valuation Date or MFP Put Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
MFP Put Normal Performance Payout 
If MFP Put Normal Performance Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put 
Payout will be: 
NA × [Max [ 0%;  MFP Put Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × MFP Put Value]]  
"MFP Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 436 ---
436 
 
 
"MFP Put Value" means, in respect of a MFP Put Valuation Date or MFP Put Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(f) 
Leveraged Certificates Put Payout  
If the Securities are Fund Securities and Leveraged Certificates Put Payout is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be:  
 
Notional Amount × Reference Level - Fixed Percentage 
provided that, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in no circumstances the Leveraged 
Certificates Put Payout shall exceed the proceeds received by the Issuer from the unwinding of 
its exposure to the Underlying Reference. 
where 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - (Participation 
Factor-1) × Feest)  
 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Optional Settlement Valuation Date;

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
 
"Optional Settlement Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day the next following Fund Business 
Day;" 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date;  
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day;  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under General Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date, provided that the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but 
exclude) on the number of Calculation Dates indicated in the applicable Final Terms following 
the day on which the Issuer has received the Put Option Exercise Notice; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2  
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Cash Settlement Amount (Put) shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Put Payout formulas 
above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided that the Optional Cash 
Settlement Amount (Put) will never be a negative amount. 
Where:

--- Page 438 ---
438 
 
 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Put Payout formulas 
above but with such Put Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- 
Structuring Fee”), provided that the Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put) will never be a 
negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled 
Trading Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage;  
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
 
 
4. 
ISSUER CALL OPTION PAYOUTS 
4.1 
Issuer Call Option Payouts Formulas 
The following Issuer Call Option Payout (a "Call Payout") shall apply to the Securities if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, if a Call Option Condition is indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to the occurrence of a Call Option Event: 
(a) 
Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1  
If Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Put Payout 
Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1, save that references to Put Payout Forex 
DivReinvested Fees Securities 1 shall be deemed to be references to Call Payout Forex 
DivReinvested Fees Securities 1. 
(b) 
Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities  
If Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Put Payout Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities, save that references to Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 
shall be deemed to be references to Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities. 
(c) 
Call Payout Leverage Factor Securities  
If Call Payout Leverage Factor Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Single Final Payout - Leverage 
Factor Securities, save that references to "Valuation Date" therein and in the related provisions 
shall be deemed to be references to "the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date" as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms"  
(d) 
MFP Call Payout  
If MFP Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout will be: 
NA × (MFP Call Settlement Percentage + MFP Call Exit Rate), 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Call Payout will be subject to 
a cap of the Maximum MFP Call Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Call Payout, in 
each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Maximum MFP Call Payout" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;   
"MFP Call Up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 440 ---
440 
 
 
Min (Max (MFP Call Floor Percentage, MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike 
Percentage) + MFP Call Spread Percentage ), MFP Call Cap Percentage ) + MFP Call Constant 
Percentage; 
or 
Min (MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike Percentage) + MFP Call Spread 
Percentage, MFP Call Cap Percentage) + MFP Call Constant Percentage 
 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (MFP Call Floor Percentage, MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike 
Percentage) + MFP Call Spread Percentage) + MFP Call Constant Percentage;  
or 
MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike Percentage) + MFP Call Constant 
Percentage 
"MFP Call Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Remuneration 
Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Optional Settlement Date (Call) (or if 
none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Optional Settlement Date (Call), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"MFP Call CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the MFP Call Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
"MFP Call Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Exit Rate" means any of MFP Call Rate, MFP Call up Rate or MFP Call CSN 
Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP Call Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the MFP Call Rate is to be 
determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the MFP Call Rate shall be calculated pursuant to 
General Security Condition 17.5(d) (AES Rate Determination), as applicable, save that 
references therein to "AES" shall be deemed to be references to "Call";

--- Page 441 ---
441 
 
 
"MFP Call Settlement Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Value" means, in respect of a MFP Call Valuation Date or MFP Call Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;   
"MFP Call Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum MFP Call Payout" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Leveraged Certificates Call Payout  
If the Securities are Fund Securities and Leveraged Certificates Call Payout is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, in case Call Option Condition is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, if the Call Option Condition(s) has occurred, the Call Payout will 
be:  
Notional Amount × Reference Level - Fixed Percentage 
 
provided that, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in no circumstances the Leveraged 
Certificates Call Payout shall exceed the proceeds received by the Issuer from the unwinding of 
its exposure to the Underlying Reference.

--- Page 442 ---
442 
 
 
where 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)  
"Optional Settlement Valuation Date"means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day the next following Fund Business Day; 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under General Security Condition 22(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date, provided that the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but 
excluding) on the number of Calculation Dates indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
preceding the Optional Settlement Date(s) (Call) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date;  
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Optional Settlement Valuation Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final 
Terms. 
4.2 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Cash Settlement Amount (Cal) shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Call Payout formulas 
above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided that the Optional Cash 
Settlement Amount (Call) will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Call Payout formulas 
above but with such Call Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- 
Structuring Fee”), provided that the Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Call) will never be a 
negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled 
Trading Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage;  
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 444 ---
444

--- Page 445 ---
445 
 
 
5. 
REMUNERATION RATES 
5.1 
Remuneration Rates Formulas  
The following Remuneration Rate will apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
MFP Fixed Coupon 
If MFP Fixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
  
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Fixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a specified rate 
for the relevant period. 
(b) 
MFP Floating Coupon  
If MFP Floating Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Floating Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a specified 
floating or variable rate for the relevant period. 
(c) 
MFP Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Spread(i) + Rate(i) . 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Mixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a specified 
floating or variable rate and spread for the relevant period. 
(d) 
MFP Digital Coupon 
If MFP Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Rate 1(i); or  
 
(ii) 
 if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 2(i);  
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
Rate(i).

--- Page 446 ---
446 
 
 
A MFP Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a specified 
rate for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met then the 
Securities will pay a different remuneration amount for that period. 
(e) 
MFP Additional Digital Coupon 
If MFP Additional Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Additional Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Additional Coupon 1(i); or  
 
(ii) 
 if the Additional Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 2(i);  
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Additional Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a 
specified Additional Coupon for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the 
condition is not met then the Securities will pay a different Additional Coupon for that period. 
Additional Coupon 1 and Additional Coupon 2 could be any of the Remuneration Rates. 
(f) 
MFP Double Digital Coupon 
If MFP Double Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and the Double Digital 
Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP 
Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 2(i);  
(iii) 
if the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and the Double Digital 
Coupon Condition 2 is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 3(i);  
Description of the Remuneration Rate

--- Page 447 ---
447 
 
 
A MFP Double Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a 
specified Additional Coupon for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the 
condition is not met then the Securities will pay a different Additional Coupon for that period. 
Additional Coupon 1 and Additional Coupon 2 and Additional Coupon 3 could be any of the 
Remuneration Rates. 
 
(g) 
MFP Corridor Digital Coupon 
If MFP Corridor Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1 and Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2 
is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i), as applicable: 
 
 Rate 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1 or Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2 is 
not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 2(i)  
where: 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1" means that the DC Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range 
Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2" means that the DC Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range 
Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Corridor Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount at a 
specified rate for the relevant period if two specified conditions are met. If any of the

--- Page 448 ---
448 
 
 
conditions is not met, then the Securities will pay different remuneration amount for that 
period. 
(h) 
MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon 
If MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 1(i) + SumRate(i) 
Where "Sum Rate(i)" means: 
(a) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period; or 
(b) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for the last N MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP 
Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) 
the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period; or 
(c) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period less the sum of Rate 2(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but 
excluding) the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the 
Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period; or 
(d) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for last N MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period less the sum of Rate 2(i) for the last N MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period 
from (but excluding) the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if 
none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, 
or 
(ii) 
if the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable:

--- Page 449 ---
449 
 
 
Rate 2(i) 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration 
amount on the basis of a Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. Any or some 
remuneration amount not paid in respect of a period may be paid at a later date if certain 
conditions are met. This remuneration may exclude any payments made when the Digital 
Coupon Condition is not met. 
(i) 
MFP Range Accrual Coupon 
If MFP Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate 1(i) × (n/N) + Rate 2(i) × (1 - n/N)  
where: 
"n" is the number of MFP Range Accrual Days in the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i) on which the MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of MFP Range Accrual Days in the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i). 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount on the 
basis of a rate calculated by reference to the number of days on which a specified condition is 
satisfied in the relevant period a different remuneration is paid when a specified condition is 
not satisfied. 
 
(j) 
MFP – Digital Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Digital Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i) × Additional Coupon 1(i); or 
 
(ii) 
if the MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 2 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i) × Additional Coupon 2(i) 
where: 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 450 ---
450 
 
 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A MFP Digital Mixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay a remuneration amount linked 
to an Additional Coupon 1 (subject to gearing) for the relevant period if a specified condition 
is met. If the condition is not met then the Securities will pay a different remuneration amount 
linked to an Additional Coupon 2 (subject to gearing) for that period. Additional Coupon 1 
and Additional Coupon 2 could be any of the Remuneration Rates. 
(k) 
MFP – Double Digital Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i) × Additional Coupon 1(i); or 
 
(ii) 
if the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and MFP 
Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Mixed Coupon Constant 2 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i) × Additional Coupon 2(i) 
 
(iii) 
if the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 and MFP Double Digital 
Mixed Coupon Condition 2 is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
 
Mixed Coupon Constant 3 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 3(i) × Additional Coupon 3(i) 
where: 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 3(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 3(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 451 ---
451 
 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay a remuneration amount 
linked to an Additional Coupon 1 (subject to gearing) for the relevant period if a specified 
condition is met. If the condition is not met then the Securities will pay a different 
remuneration amount linked to an Additional Coupon 2 or Additional Coupon 3 (subject to 
gearing) for that period. Additional Coupon 1, Additional Coupon 2 and Additional Coupon 3 
could be any of the Remuneration Rates. 
 
(l) 
MFP Ratchet Coupon 
If MFP Ratchet Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max [ Sum ( q = 1, 2, …, Q(i) ) Max ( Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i) , Local 
Floor Percentage(i) ) , Global Floor Percentage(i) ] 
(ii) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max [ Sum ( q = 1, 2, …, Q(i) ) Max ( Min ( Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i) , 
Local Cap Percentage(i) ), Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Global Floor Percentage(i) ] 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A MFP Ratchet Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount in respect of the 
relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the sum of two or more rates, 
in each case subject to a floor and if applicable a cap. 
(m) 
MFP Best Entry Coupon 
If MFP Best Entry Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate 1 x Average Cash Exposure Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
“Rate 1” means the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Average Cash Exposure Day Count Fraction" means the arithmetic mean of the Daily 
Cash Exposure(s) for all the Daily Valuation Dates falling within the relevant Digital Coupon 
Calculation Period(i); 
"Digital Coupon Calculation Period(i)" means the period(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Daily Cash Exposure(s)" means, for each Daily Valuation Date from (but excluding) the 
Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the value calculated according to the formula below: 
1- ∑𝑁
𝑛
Weight(n) x Lock-In Accrual(n) 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 452 ---
452 
 
 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Weight(n)” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Accrual(n)" is equal to 0 or to 1 depending on the following: 
• 
if Lock-in Event(n) has occurred, Lock-in Accrual(n) is equal to 1 for all the 
following Daily Valuation Dates, excluding, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant date on which the Lock-in Event(n) has occurred;  
• 
otherwise, it is equal to 0 
“Lock-in Event(n)” is deemed to have occurred if on any Lock-in Event Date, for the first 
time, the Closing Level of the Underlying Reference is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Lock-in Barrier(n); 
“Lock-in Event Date” means the Daily Valuation Date(s), or the Weekly Valuation Date(s), 
or the different date(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms, all as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Daily Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Weekly Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Settlement Valuation Date 
which occurs on a weekday specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as specified in he 
applicable Final Terms. If such weekday is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
“Lock-in Barrier(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
MFP Best Entry Coupon is paid periodically according to the numbers of days the product has 
a cash exposure and to the average amount of cash outstanding over the period. 
(n) 
Weighted Mixed Coupon 
If Weighted Mixed Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Sum ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) CW(a) (i) × Prod ( b = 1, 2, …, B ) Additional Coupon(a,b) (i) 
where:

--- Page 453 ---
453 
 
 
"CW" is the relevant Coupon Weighting;  
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"b" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Weighted Mixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount in respect of 
the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated as the weighted sum of two or more 
Remuneration Rates provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(o) 
Max Mixed Coupon  
If Max Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
  
Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) [ Additional Coupon(i) ](a) 
 
Or 
 
Min (a = 1, 2, …, A) [ Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) Additional Coupon(i,a) ; Local Cap Percentage(i,a) 
]  
where: 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Max Mixed Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount in respect of the 
relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated as the maximum of two or more Remuneration 
Rate provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(p) 
Single FX Vanilla Coupon 
If Single FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, Gearing A ×FX Coupon Performance)) 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FX Vanilla Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount on the 
basis of the FX Coupon Performance, subject to a gearing, a cap and a floor.

--- Page 454 ---
454 
 
 
(q) 
Single FI Digital Coupon   
If Single FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
 
Min (Global Cap A,Max (Global Floor A,( Gearing A(i) × FI Rate A(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant A)); or 
 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
 
Min (Global Cap B,Max (Global Floor B, ( Gearing B(i) × FI Rate B(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant B)) 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FI Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount linked to an 
FI Rate A for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met, then 
the Securities will pay a different remuneration amount linked to a FI Rate B for that period. In 
each case the remuneration is subject to a floor and a cap. 
(r) 
Single FX Digital Coupon  
If Single FX Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FX Digital Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount linked to 
the FX Coupon Percentage for the relevant period if a specified condition is met, subject to a 
floor, a cap and a gearing. If the condition is not met, then the Securities will pay a different 
remuneration amount linked to the FX Coupon Percentage for that period, subject to a floor, a 
cap and a gearing which may be different from the above. 
(s) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛+  Gearing(i) × FI Rate(i)
n
i=l
)] × n N
⁄ )} 
(
)
(
)
e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
A x 
 
Gearing
 
A,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
A,
 
Cap
Global
Min 
(
)
(
)
e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
 x 
B
 
Gearing
 
B,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
B,
 
Cap
Global
Min

--- Page 455 ---
455 
 
 
where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-
off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier 
Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount on the basis of 
the sum of two or more rates calculated by reference to the number of days on which a 
specified condition is satisfied in the relevant period. The remuneration is subject to a cap, a 
floor and a gearing. 
(t) 
Single FX Range Accrual Coupon  
If Single FX Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, for each Range Accrual Day in the 
period from (and including) the Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range Period End 
Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, 
on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FX Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount on 
the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the number of days on which a specified condition 
is satisfied in the relevant period. The remuneration is subject to a cap and a floor. 
(u) 
Single FX Memory Coupon  
If Single FX Memory Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (GlobalCap, Max (Global Floor,FI Rate x n/N))

--- Page 456 ---
456 
 
 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
FI Rate A – Paid FX Memory Coupons; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
FI Rate B 
where: 
"Current FX Memory Coupon Remuneration Period" means, in respect of a FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date, the Remuneration Period ending on or immediately 
prior to such FI Remuneration Valuation Date. 
"Paid FX Memory Coupons" means, in respect of a FI Remuneration Valuation 
Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Remuneration Period as the product of 
(i) the Remuneration Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for 
each Remuneration Period preceding the Current FX Memory Coupon Remuneration 
Period. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FX Memory Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount on the 
basis of a FI Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. This remuneration excludes 
any payments made when the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not met. 
(v) 
Multiple Combination Floater Coupon  
If Multiple Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛+  
𝐺𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖× 𝐹𝐼 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
)))} 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Multiple Combination Floater Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration 
amount on the basis of a fixed margin and the sum of two or more rates (subject to gearing). 
The remuneration is subject to a cap and a floor. 
(w) 
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 457 ---
457 
 
 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) and 
the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator).  
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A PRDC Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount equal to: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, an indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a maximum; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms an 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a 
maximum; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred, an 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a 
maximum; 
- 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-out 
Event has occurred, zero. 
(x) 
 Single FI Digital Floor Coupon  
If Single FI Digital Floor Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);

--- Page 458 ---
458 
 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FI Digital Floor Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount equal 
to: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, 
the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 2;  
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable: 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or

--- Page 459 ---
459 
 
 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 2; 
or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
in all the other cases, the Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(y) 
 Single FI Digital Cap Coupon  
If Single FI Digital Cap Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases:

--- Page 460 ---
460 
 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FI Digital Cap Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount equal 
to: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, 
the Digital Cap Percentage 2;  
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable: 
- 
if the  FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
in all the other cases, the Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(z) 
Single FI Target Coupon  
If Automatic Early Settlement and Single FI Target Coupon are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Settlement Event has not occurred, the 
Remuneration Rate, as applicable in respect of the Target Final Remuneration Period shall be 
the Final Remuneration Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Single FI Target Coupon provides a remuneration equal to a Final Remuneration Rate in 
case of an Automatic Early Settlement Event not occurring. 
(aa) 
Duration Adjusted Coupon 
If Duration Adjusted Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Constant Percentage + Max(0 , Rate(i) + Spread(i)) × 1 − (1 + Rate(i))
−N
Rate(i)
N
⁄

--- Page 461 ---
461 
 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A Duration Adjusted Coupon provides a remuneration equal to a constant percentage plus a 
rate and spread (the sum of which cannot be negative) both adjusted for the duration. 
(bb) 
FX Wedding Cake Remuneration  
If FX Wedding Cake Remuneration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If, at all times on each Remuneration Observation Date during the relevant 
Remuneration Period, the Settlement Price remains within Remuneration Range 1: 
 
Notional Amount × Rate_1 × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
 
(ii) 
If Remuneration Range 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and at 
all times on each Remuneration Observation Date during the relevant Remuneration 
Period, the Settlement Price has, at least once, moved outside Remuneration Range 1 
but has remained within Remuneration Range 2:  
 
Notional Amount × Rate_2 × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
 
(iii) 
If Remuneration Range nth is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
at all times on each Remuneration Observation Date during the relevant 
Remuneration Period, the Settlement Price has, at least once, moved outside 
Remuneration Range 1, Remuneration Range 2 and any other wider remuneration 
range (other than Remuneration Range nth) specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms but has remained within Remuneration Range nth: 
 
Notional Amount × Rate_n × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
 
(iv) 
If none of the previous conditions has been met, the Remuneration Amount shall be 
equal to zero. 
 
Where: 
"Remuneration Range 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Remuneration Range 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Remuneration Range nth" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_1" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_2" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_n" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Remuneration Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of 
Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Commodity

--- Page 462 ---
462 
 
 
Business Day (in respect of Commodity Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case 
of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), as applicable, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business 
Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Securities, Share 
Securities, Commodity Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities, a Market Disruption 
Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Securities). If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as 
applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" 
were to "Remuneration Observation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Securities) if 
any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the 
provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Remuneration Observation Date". For the 
purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" 
shall be deemed to refer to the "Remuneration Observation Date ". 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
A FX Wedding Cake Remuneration provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount 
equal to fixed percentages which vary in accordance with the fluctuation of the Underlying 
Reference Level. In particular, on each Remuneration Observation Date during the 
Remuneration Period, the Underlying Reference Level may remain in or move outside of 
certain ranges (Remuneration Range 1, Remuneration Range 2 and any other wider range 
(Remuenration Range nth)), thus determining the applicable fixed percentage (respectively, 
Rate_1, Rate_2, Rate_n). If the Underlying Reference Level has at least once moved outside all 
the applicable ranges (therefore not satisfying any applicable condition) the Remuneration 
Amount will be equal to the zero. 
(cc) 
Underlying Linked Remuneration 
If Underlying Linked Remuneration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max ( Gearing 1 × (Remuneration Rate Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage); Floor 
Percentage ); or 
Min (Cap Percentage; Max ( Gearing 1 × (Remuneration Rate Settlement Value(i) - Strike 
Percentage); Floor Percentage ) 
Where: 
"i" means the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date; 
Description of the Remuneration Rate

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
 
An Underlying Linked Remuneration provides that the Securities pay a remuneration amount 
linked to the relevant Remuneration Rate Settlement Value for the relevant period, multiplied 
by a gearing factor, subject to a minimum and a maximum. 
(dd) 
Differential Linked Remuneration 
If Differential Linked Remuneration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (Gearing 1 × (Difference(i)), Floor Percentage); 
Or 
Min [Max ( Gearing 1 × (Difference(i)), Floor Percentage ); Cap Percentage] 
Where: 
"i" means the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date or the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Difference(i)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, the percentage determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Interest Rate 1 - Underlying Interest Rate 2; or 
(ii) in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Value 1 - Underlying Reference Value 2 
"Underlying Interest Rate 1" means in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms and determined  
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Interest Rate 2" means in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms and determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Value 1" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Underlying Reference Value of the Underlying Reference 1 determined  in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Value 2" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Underlying Reference Value of the Underlying Reference 2 determined  in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 464 ---
464 
 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate 
A Differential Linked Remuneration provides that the Securities pay a remuneration 
amount linked to the difference of two Underlying Reference Rates or two Underlying 
Reference Values for the relevant period, multiplied by a gearing factor, subject to a 
minimum and a maximum.  
(ee) 
Inflation Coupon   
If Inflation Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Min (Global Cap, Max(Global Floor, ( Gearing 
(i) × Inflation Rate 
(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant )) 
 
Description of the Remuneration Rate  
An Inflation Coupon provides that the Securities pay remuneration amount linked to an 
Inflation Rate for the relevant period and the remuneration is subject to a floor and a cap.

--- Page 465 ---
465 
 
 
 
6. 
MFP ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS  
6.1 
Entitlement Amount Formulas  
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an "Entitlement Amount") will apply to the Securities if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Formulas Condition 6.1(e) below: 
(a) 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Settlement Payout / (Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(b) 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Settlement Payout / (Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i)) 
where: 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(c) 
Delivery of the Underlying 
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
NA × Settlement Payout / (Underlying Reference Closing Price Value ×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the relevant MFP Valuation Date; and 
"FX(i)" is the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or if that is 
not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.

--- Page 466 ---
466 
 
 
(d) 
Delivery of the Underlying Strike Dirty Price 
If Delivery of the Underlying Strike Dirty Price is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
NA / Underlying Reference Strike Dirty Price 
where: 
"Underlying Reference Strike Dirty Price" means the Underlying Reference Strike Clean 
Price plus the Accrued Interest of the Underlying Reference as of the relevant MFP Valuation 
Date;  
"Underlying Reference Strike Clean Price" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Accrued Interest of the Underlying Reference as of the Valuation Date" the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
(i) 
If Rounding and Residual Amount Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest 
unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer 
will pay an amount equal to: 
NA × Settlement Payout − 
Number (k, i)* [FX(k,i)]
K
k=1
* Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i) 
 
"Number(k,i)" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying Reference(k) and 
MFP Valuation Date(i); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k); 
and 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that if the 
currency in which the Relevant Asset is denominated is the Settlement Currency, "FX(k,i)" has 
to be deletd from the formula above.

--- Page 467 ---
467 
 
 
(ii) 
If Rounding and Residual Amount Option 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent has the option to round down the 
Entitlement Amount to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered according to the denomination of the Relevant Assets (such amount, the 
“Rounded Down Entitlement Amount”) and in lieu thereof, the Securityholder will 
receive an amount in the currency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, rounded to 
two decimal places, equal to: 
 
(Entitlement Amount – Rounded Down Entitlement) * Settlement Price 
7. 
GENERAL FORMULAS DEFINITIONS 
"AC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon(i)" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 1" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 1(i)" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 2" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 2(i)" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 3(i)" means each Remuneration Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to 
or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level 
or (e) "within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) 
"outside" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 468 ---
468 
 
 
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Notional Amount for the relevant Weighted Mixed Payouts 
Securities or Max Mixed Payouts Securities and if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 1" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Notional Amount for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Securities and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities if Payout FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout 
FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 2" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Notional Amount for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Securities and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities if Payout FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout 
FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Condition" means that Coupon Value for the relevant Underlying Reference for the relevant 
MFP Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage, number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the Strike 
Level rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 469 ---
469 
 
 
"Bonus Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Bonus Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Cap Percentage and the Strike Level rounded 
upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Cap Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conditional Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conditional Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conditional Value Condition" means that the Up Final Settlement Value for the relevant Underlying 
Reference for the relevant MFP Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Conditional Value 
Level;

--- Page 470 ---
470 
 
 
"Conditional Value Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 5" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 6" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 7" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 8" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 9" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 10" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 11" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 12" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 13" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 14" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 15" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 16" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 17" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conversion Rate Early" means the Conversion Rate on (a) the Relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Valuation Date or (b) the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date, as applicable;

--- Page 471 ---
471 
 
 
"Conversion Rate Final" means the Conversion Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage (which can also be a negative percentage) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or 
(d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) "within" the

--- Page 472 ---
472 
 
 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the Barrier 
Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 1" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) 
"within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) 
"outside" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 2" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) 
"within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) 
"outside" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exchange Rate Final" means the Exchange Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Exchange Rate Initial" means the Exchange Rate on the Strike Date;

--- Page 473 ---
473 
 
 
"Exchange Rate" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived), between the currencies and from the 
source(s) and at the time in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day; 
"Express Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 1" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Basket 2" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage " means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Remuneration Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is 
or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower 
Barrier Level; and/or  
(b) 
if FI Digital Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (A) if 
FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that the FI DC Barrier 
Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is or (B) if 
FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level 2 and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level 2 is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater

--- Page 474 ---
474 
 
 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower 
Barrier Level 2; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Remuneration Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
Remuneration Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Remuneration 
Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or each 
Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Settlement Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date or Pricing Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Settlement Valuation Date or an FI Remuneration Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Remuneration Rate calculated in respect of the Current Remuneration 
Period or Target Final Remuneration Period, as applicable (the "Final Remuneration Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Remuneration 
Period;  
"Final Reference Level" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Averaging Dates; 
"Final Remuneration Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Settlement Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable, less Paid Coupon; 
(b) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable);  
(c) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable), Automatic Early 
Settlement Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable, – Paid Coupon); 
(d) 
If Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable), Automatic Early 
Settlement Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable, – Paid Coupon). 
"Final Settlement Condition" means that: 
(a) 
the FS Barrier Value for the relevant MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Condition Level, or 
(e) "within" the Final Settlement Range Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Settlement Range 
Level, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Final Settlement Condition 1"); 
and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(b) 
the FS Barrier Value 2 for the relevant MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or

--- Page 476 ---
476 
 
 
equal to, the Final Settlement Condition Level 2 or (e) "within" the Final Settlement Range 
Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Settlement Range Level, all as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Final Settlement Condition 2"); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Condition Level 2" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI 
Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base 
Currency for all Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates; 
"Final Settlement Range Level": means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 3" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 4" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Fixed Income Automatic Early Settlement Payouts" means the Automatic Early Settlement Payouts 
contained in the Automatic Early Settlement Payouts Formulas Conditions 2.1(g) and 2.1(h); 
"Fixed Income Final Payouts" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from 
(and including) 1.1(nnn) to (and including) 1.1 (sss); 
"Fixed Income Payouts" means the Fixed Income Final Payouts and the Fixed Income Automatic 
Early Settlement Payouts; 
"Fixed Income Remuneration Rates" means Remuneration Rates contained in the Remuneration 
Rates Formulas Conditions 5.1(p), 5.1(q), 5.1(r), 5.1(s), 5.1(t), 5.1(u), 5.1(v), 5.1(w), 5.1(x), 5.1(y), 
5.1(z) and 5.1(aa); 
"Fixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions

--- Page 478 ---
478 
 
 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of a MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Remuneration Payment Date, 
immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Final 
Valuation Date; 
"FS Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FS Rate and the applicable FS Day 
Count Fraction; 
"FS Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FS Exit Rate" means any of FS Rate, FS up Rate or FS CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FS Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable Final 
Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FS Rate is to be determined by reference to a 
Screen Rate, the FS Rate shall be calculated pursuant to General Security Condition 17.5(d) (AES Rate 
Determination), as applicable, save that references therein to "AES" shall be deemed to be references to 
"FS"; 
"FS Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
 
"FS Up Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (FS Floor Percentage, FS Gearing × (FS Value - FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread), FS Cap Percentage) +  
FS Constant Percentage 
(b) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (FS Floor Percentage, FS Gearing × (FS Value - FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread) + FS Constant Percentage 
 
"FS Value" means, in respect of a MFP FS Valuation Date or MFP FS Valuation Period, the value from 
Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Performance" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the 
FX Coupon Performance Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the highest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the 
Relevant Basket in respect of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the 
Relevant Basket in respect of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
   𝐺𝑗 × (𝑊𝑖  × FX Coupon Performance Value)
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
 
 
where:

--- Page 480 ---
480 
 
 
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) 
the FX Coupon Ranked Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date and an 
Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price – FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
   FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price - FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price −FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
) 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
 
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price)  
 
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price)  
 
(g) 
if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
 
(h) if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 481 ---
481 
 
 
(
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
) 
 
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price   
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price   
 
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value in respect of the Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Coupon Ranking in respect 
of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the ordinal 
positioning of each Alternative/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX 
Coupon Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI 
Remuneration Valuation Date 
"FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if 
Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the 
relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates in respect of the 
relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date or (iv) if Lowest Look 
Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such 
Alternative/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation 
Date; 
"FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or

--- Page 482 ---
482 
 
 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or  
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"FX Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
Final Settlement Price - Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price - Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
) ; 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
( 
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
); 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) − (
1
Final Settlement Price); 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Final Settlement Price) − (
1
Initial Settlement Price); 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price; 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 483 ---
483 
 
 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price ; 
 
"FX Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Alternative/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to greatest 
FX Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"FX Weighting" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Alternative Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing(i)" means as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearing B " means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date, MFP Valuation Period, or any Valuation Date or Valuation 
Period as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date;

--- Page 484 ---
484 
 
 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, if none, the 
Strike Date); 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative Inflation 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Reference Level" is as defined in the Final Terms;  
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"j" means the relevant Strike Date; 
"k" means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
"K" means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket; 
"L" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Listing Date" means, in respect of any Securities, the date on which such Securities are first admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or other trading or quotation system; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 485 ---
485 
 
 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lower Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lower Conditional Value" means either (a) Conditional Percentage 2 or (b) the Down Final 
Settlement Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" means a series of MFP Valuation Dates or MFP Valuation Periods; 
"m" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date or MFP Valuation Period; 
"Maximum Payout Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout" means the Automatic Early Settlement Payout contained 
in the Automatic Early Settlement Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"MFP Call Payouts" means the Call Payout contained in the Securityholder Call Option Payouts 
Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Date" means each MFP Range Accrual Day, Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Settlement Price Date and/or Underlying Interest Determination Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i)" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Date Weighting" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Mixed Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Mixed Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the

--- Page 486 ---
486 
 
 
applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Entitlement Amounts" means the Entitlement Amounts contained in the Entitlement Amount 
Formulas Condition 6 (MFP Entitlement Amount); 
"MFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and 
including) 1.1(ii) to (and including) 1.1 (mmm); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and; 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP FS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP FS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Date" means each date on which the relevant MFP Memory Snowball 
Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied or the last day of any MFP Coupon Valuation Period in which the 
MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" means that the Snowball Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Snowball Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to 
or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Payouts" means the MFP Final Payout, the MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payouts, the MFP 
Put Payouts and the MFP Call Payouts. 
"MFP Put Payout" means the Put Payout contained in the Securityholder Put Option Payouts Formulas 
Conditions 3.1(d);

--- Page 487 ---
487 
 
 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down " means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up " means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier 
Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is (i) greater than or (b) equal to or greater 
than the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (ii) (a) less than or (b) 
less than or equal to the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(b) 
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier 
Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than MFP Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
"MFP Range Accrual Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, Hybrid 
Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, MFP Coupon Valuation Date or other day specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Remuneration Rates" means Remuneration Rates contained in the Remuneration Rates 
Formulas Conditions from (and including) 5.1(a) to (and including) 5.1(h); 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Averaging 
Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Date" means each MFP Coupon Valuation Date, MFP Settlement Valuation Date, 
MFP ES Valuation Date, MFP FS Valuation Date, MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, MFP EndDay Valuation Date, MFP StartDay 
Valuation Date, MFP Call Valuation Date, MFP Put Valuation Date, MFP ACS Valuation Date, MFP 
APS Valuation Date, Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, Strike Day or Strike Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Period" means each MFP ES Valuation Period, MFP Coupon Valuation Period, MFP 
FS Barrier Valuation Period, MFP Call Valuation Period, MFP Put Valuation Period, Automatic Early 
Settlement Valuation Period, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, MFP FS Valuation Period, 
MFP Settlement Valuation Period, Knock-in Determination Period, Knock-out Determination Period, 
MFP ACS Valuation Period, or MFP APS Valuation Period, specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 488 ---
488 
 
 
"Mixed Barrier Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; or if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the 
Strike Level rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Mixed Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;  
"Mixed Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate. 
"n" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NA" means the Notional Amount; 
"nEnd days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nStart days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Remuneration Period as the product of (i) 
the Remuneration Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in 
each case calculated for each Remuneration Period preceding the Current Remuneration Period (in the 
case of an Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date) or the Target Final Remuneration Period (in the 
case of a Target Determination Date); 
"Parity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 489 ---
489 
 
 
"Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" means the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any 
rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Payout Currency 
on the Payout FX Rate Date 
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" means (i) the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Payout FX Value" means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price Value 
divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
"Performance of Components" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Component in accordance with the following formula: 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏 
"Performance of Underlying 1" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 1 in the Final Terms in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏  
"Performance of Underlying 2" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 2 in the Final Terms in accordance with 
the following formula: 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Performance 
Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Basket as (a) the FX 
Performance Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date 
(b) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting;

--- Page 490 ---
490 
 
 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the highest FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant 
Basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket 
in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
  𝐺𝑗×
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
 (𝑊𝑖× FX Performance Value) 
 
where:  
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) 
the Ranked Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"Premium" means, the amount in the Settlement Currency or the percentage indicated as such indicated 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Premium Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protection Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protection Level" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Q" is a series of MFP Valuation Dates in MFP Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the number, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 491 ---
491 
 
 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI 
Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (a)(i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (b) if a Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, 
(ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(b) 
if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI 
Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (a)(i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2 and (b) if a Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) greater than, 
(ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2; 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Hybrid Business Day or calendar day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in respect of the 
Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating 
rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period:

--- Page 492 ---
492 
 
 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the Reference 
Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 1(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the Reference 
Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 2(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the 
Reference Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Amount Rate" means: 
Reference Amount(i) × (1 + Gearing(i)) 
"Reference Amount Spread Rate" means: 
Reference Amount(i) × (1 + Gearing(i) ) + Spread(i) 
"Reference Amount(i)" means in respect of a Remuneration Valuation Date, the sum of the weighted 
dividends and/or other cash distributions declared by each company managing the relevant Component 
Security constituting the Underlying Index  paid by the each relevant Component Security constituting 
the Underlying Index from (and excluding) the relevant Remuneration Valuation Date to (and 
including) the immediately preceding Remuneration Valuation Date (or if none the Issue Date), 
expressed as a percentage of the Notional Amount, net of any applicable taxes, costs, expenses or 
redemption fees, subject to any adjustment made by the Index Sponsor. 
"Remuneration Rate Settlement Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP

--- Page 493 ---
493 
 
 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Basket" means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable; 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 5" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reverse Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Reverse Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner;  
"Reverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms before being 
multiplied by the applicable Notional Amount; 
"Settlement Price Final" means the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date; 
"SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout" means the Automatic Early Settlement Payout contained 
in the Automatic Early Settlement Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1 (c); 
"SFP Call Payouts" means the Call Payouts contained in the Securityholder Call Option Payouts 
Formulas Conditions from (and including) 4.1(a) to (and including) 4.1(c); 
"SFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and 
including) 1.1(a) to (and including) 1.1 (hh); 
"SFP Payouts" means the SFP Final Payout, the SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payouts, the SFP Put 
Payouts and the SFP Call Payouts;

--- Page 494 ---
494 
 
 
"SFP Put Payouts" means the Put Payouts contained in the Securityholder Put Option Payouts 
Formulas Conditions from (and including) 3.1(a) to (and including) 3.1(c); 
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Snowball Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Speed Factor" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
(iv) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the 
Relevant Price;  
(v) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; or 
(vi) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
(vii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share.  
in each case on the Strike Date; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Price" means the price, level or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 495 ---
495 
 
 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Final Remuneration Period" means the Remuneration Period ending on the Settlement Date; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in 
the Inflation Security Conditions); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate or, if 
Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing  (i)
n
i=1
× Multiple Underlying Reference Rate (i)  
 
; 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Alternative Currency, the Settlement Price or FX 
Coupon Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, a Share, a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
"Underlying Reference Initial" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of a time and a day (i) "official level", "opening 
price", "official close", "closing price", "purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked 
price", "traded price", "official settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid 
high", "bid low", "ask high", "ask low" of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Securities and Futures 
Securities the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of 
the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Securities, the Relevant Price (on the 
basis that such day is deemed to be a Pricing Date), (d) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate 
of exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency 
can be exchanged) or (e) in the case of Debt Securities, the bid price of the relevant Underlying

--- Page 496 ---
496 
 
 
Reference as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for such Underlying 
Reference appearing on the Relevant Screen Page, (g) in the case of a Fund NAV per Fund Share, in 
each case for such time on such day;  
"Underlying Reference Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
amount or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means:  
(a) 
for the purposes of the SFP Payouts, each Index, Share, Commodity, Commodity Index, 
Alternative Currency, Future, Debt Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant 
Securities relate; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts and Fixed Income Remuneration Rates, each 
Inflation Index, Alternative Currency, Underlying Interest Rate, Index, Share, Commodity, 
Commodity Index or other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate. If two or 
more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple 
Underlying Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for 
the purposes of these Formulas Conditions and the Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference; 
(c) 
for the purposes of the MFP Payouts, MFP Remuneration Rates and MFP Entitlement 
Amounts, each Index, Share, ETI, Debt Instrument, Commodity, Commodity Index, Fund, 
Underlying Interest Rate, Inflation Index or Future or other basis of reference to which the 
relevant Securities relate;  
"Up Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for 
MF))P Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upper Conditional Value" means either (a) Conditional Percentage 1 or (b) the Final Settlement 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Upper Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 497 ---
497 
 
 
"Upside Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+ Gearing(i) × Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)+Spread(i),Floor 
Percentage(i)); and 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+Gearing(i) × Min(Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) +Spread(i),Floor 
Percentage(i));Cap Percentage(i)). 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1) – 1.

--- Page 498 ---
498 
 
 
8. 
VALUES AND PERFORMANCE DEFINITIONS 
8.1 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Basic Value Definitions 
"FX Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day:  
(a) 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX Strike 
Level; or 
(b) 
if Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX 
Strike Level; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the product 
of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage and: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian Securities 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price or the Settlement Price, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the Relevant 
Price; 
(e) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
(f) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; 
(g) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference 
Rate;  
(h) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level; or 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage" means 100% unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference FX Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the rate of 
exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of

--- Page 499 ---
499 
 
 
exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day; 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" means in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(a) 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greatest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(e) 
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; and 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the 
Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
if the Securities are Share Securities and if “Punctual Underlying Reference Strike 
Price” is indicated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing 
price of such Share on the Strike Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share 
Security Condition 5 (Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is 
specified as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or

--- Page 500 ---
500 
 
 
(vi) 
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price; or 
(viii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(ix) 
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price;  
(x) 
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days 
in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(xi) 
if Underlying Reference Strike Dirty Price is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Strike Clean Price plus the Accrued Interest 
of the Underlying Reference as of the relevant Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Accrued Interest of the Underlying Reference as of the Valuation Date" means the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
"Conditional Value" means: 
(i) 
if the Conditional Value Condition is satisfied in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date: 
Upper Conditional Value; or 
(ii) 
if the Conditional Value Condition is not satisfied in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date: 
Lower Conditional Value; 
"Underlying Reference Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such

--- Page 501 ---
501 
 
 
day minus (b) Underlying Reference Performance Percentage or (c) Underlying Reference Performance 
Percentage minus (d) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such 
day; 
"Underlying Reference Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date (b) less 
Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage or (c) Underlying Reference Restrike 
Performance Percentage minus (d) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation 
Date. Provided that in each case, the Underlying Reference Restrike Performance will be determined 
starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation 
Date. 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Strike Clean Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "MFP EndDay Valuation Date") falling nEnd days after such MFP 
Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, an ETI, a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Intraday Price; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price, and 
(b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value;  
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying

--- Page 502 ---
502 
 
 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference 
Strike Price, minus the Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage and (b) if FX 
Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; or (a) the 
Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage minus (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date. Provided that the 
Underlying Reference Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date 
immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date.  
"Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period divided by (b) the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th 
immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. Provided that the 
Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period immediately following the first occurring MFP 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Intraday 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceeding MFP 
Valuation Date, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value. Provided that the Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value will be 
determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date immediately following the first occurring MFP 
Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period divided 
by (b) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the 
N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. Provided that the 
Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP

--- Page 503 ---
503 
 
 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period immediately following the first occurring MFP 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. 
"N-th" means the ordinal number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value or (b) Underlying 
Reference Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in 
such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value or 
(b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value or (b) Underlying 
Reference Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in 
such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value 
or (b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "MFP StartDay Valuation Date") falling nStart days prior to such MFP 
Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Values for all MFP Valuation 
Dates prior to and including such MFP Valuation Date in respect of an Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of 
such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (expressed as a 
percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable

--- Page 504 ---
504 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities 
Fees Factor. 
If Underlying Reference Inverse Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (expressed 
as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities 
Fees Factor.  
If Generic Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, Underlying Reference Value Percentage minus or plus (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a 
percentage) and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if 
Fund Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate 
Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities Fees Factor. If Generic Inverse 
Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying 
Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, 
Underlying Reference Value Percentage minus or plus (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike 
Price (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such MFP Valuation Date (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) 
if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Securities Fees 
Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Securities Fees 
Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities Fees Factor.  
“Aggregate Fund Securities Fees Percentage” means the sum of the Fund Securities Fees Percentages 
calculated in respect of all Calculation Periods; 
"Fund Securities Fees Percentage" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula and being equal to the rate of interest that 
would accrue during each Calculation Period falling during the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms calculated on the basis that such rate would apply to and be payable by the Floating Rate Payer 
under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.:

--- Page 505 ---
505 
 
 
Fund Fees Securities Percentage = [Floating Rate + Spread] x Day Count Fraction  
For these purposes:  
A) 
the "Effective Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
B) 
the "Termination Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
C) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
D) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
E) 
the "Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified minus 0.125 per 
cent.; 
F) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified Actual/360; 
G) 
the “Business Day Convention” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of if not so 
specified Modified Following; 
H) 
the "Reset Date" means each Floating Rate Payer Payment Date or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
I) 
“Calculation Period” means each consecutive period each commencing on and including a 
Floating Rate Payer Payment Date to but excluding the following Floating Rate Payer Payment 
Date except that the first Calculation Period shall start on the Effective Date and the last 
Calculation Period shall end on the Termination Date or as otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Value Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Fund Securities Fees Factor" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the 
relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Basket Performance" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (i) (a) the Underlying Reference 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied 
by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting minus the Basket Performance Percentage or (ii) 
the Basket Performance Percentage minus (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting;

--- Page 506 ---
506 
 
 
"Basket Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Basket Modified Performance" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as the (a) the Modified Underlying 
Percentage or the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP 
Valuation Date or Fixing Date depending on the relevant Ranking and by (b) the relevant Underlying 
Reference Weighting;  
“Modified Underlying Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference 
Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference Value for 
any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Combination Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date:  
  
provided that, if "Absolute Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Combination Value will be the absolute value of the value calculated in accordance with the formula 
above.  
Where:  
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"a" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"B" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"b" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and  
"Value Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Underlying Reference in respect 
of such MFP Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting;

--- Page 507 ---
507 
 
 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value in 
respect of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect of such MFP Valuation Date set out in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Underlying 
Reference by Underlying Reference Value (a) from lowest Underlying Reference Value to greatest 
Underlying Reference Value in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or (b) from greatest Underlying 
Reference Value to lowest Underlying Reference Value in respect of such MFP Valuation Date, as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference 
Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date;  
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for 
any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date. 
"Best Click Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date in relation to 
which a Click Event has not occurred (x) on a Click Valuation Date preceeding the relevant MFP 
Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Worst Click Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date in relation to 
which a Click Event has not occurred (x) on a Click Valuation Date preceeding the relevant MFP 
Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Click Event" means that the Click Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less 
than" (d) "less than or equal to", the Click Level or (e) "within" the Click Range Level, or (f) "outside" 
the Click Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (x) on a Click Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Click Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Click Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Click Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period 
Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 508 ---
508 
 
 
"Click Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Click Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the Strike Date is Underlying 
Reference Volatility Hedged Value0. 
(e) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and a Strategy 
Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the ACT 
Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Baskett-st*" means a hypothetical basket of Underlying References, which the Calculation Agent will 
use to determine the volatility of the Basket over the preceding x ACT Days where Vol20t applies or the 
preceding x ACT Days where Vol60t applies and is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
"BasketES0" means 1. 
"BasketESt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that BasketESt for the Initial ACT Day will be BasketES0. 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 + 𝑊𝑡−1 ( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1
−1)
+ (1 − 𝑊𝑡−1) 𝑥 (𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
)]  𝑥 [1 −𝐴𝐹 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−𝑠
𝑡∗=  𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡
𝑛
𝑘=1
× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−𝑠 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1 × [ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1
−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 × 𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
]

--- Page 509 ---
509 
 
 
"BasketESt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the BasketESt for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"Baskett" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that Baskett for the Initial ACT Day will be Basket Level0. 
"Baskett-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Baskett for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"Basket Level0" means 1. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling y ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike Date or if that 
is not an ACT Day and (i) if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding ACT Day or (ii) if Succeeding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the immediately succeeding ACT Day. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share 
Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities, Currency Securities or Futures Securities) or a Commodity 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Securities) (such day a "Disrupted Level Day"); and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not a 
Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which is 
not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Leverage Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Leverage Floating Rate Option in 
respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Leverage Floating Rate Option Page 
at the Leverage Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not appear on such 
page at such time, the Leverage Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 +  𝑃𝑘
𝑛
𝑘=1
( 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1
−1)]

--- Page 510 ---
510 
 
 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Leverage Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Leverage Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ln" means natural logarithm. 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"n" means the number of Underlying References in the Basket. 
"NSkt" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"Pk" means the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the first, second or third ACT Day 
preceding such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate Option in 
respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not appear on 
such page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡= 𝑃𝑘𝑥 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡

--- Page 511 ---
511 
 
 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Target Volatility" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, MFP 
Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" means 1. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that Wt on the Strike Date is W0. 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
WtTarget = Max [ Min (Max Exposure;
Target Volatility
Max (Vol xt;  Vol yt)) ; Min Exposure] 
provided that WtTarget on the Strike Date is W Target0. 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
If Lag 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; or 
𝑊𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒; 𝑊𝑡
∗) 
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡

--- Page 512 ---
512 
 
 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+1" means Wt. 
If Lag 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms then "W*1 = W1 = W0" means the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the weighting on the immediately following day ("Wt+1") is equal to Wt and: 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
If Wt+1 ≠ Wt and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1.  
8.2 
Greatest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Basket Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best 
Intraday Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best Value for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest for all MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values;  
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡

--- Page 513 ---
513 
 
 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the 
Basket and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period;  
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Worst Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Worst Greatest Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Greatest Underlying 
Reference Value (Basket) for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation 
Period. 
8.3 
Lowest Period Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Basket Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Best Value for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest for all MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Intraday Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.4 
Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions

--- Page 514 ---
514 
 
 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference TOM Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best 
Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average for all 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; and 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Worst Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.5 
Weighted Average Values for MFP Remuneration Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP 
Valuation Period as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for such MFP 
Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Basket 
Value for such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Best Value for such 
MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the relevant 
Rainbow Values (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; and

--- Page 515 ---
515 
 
 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Worst Value for 
such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting.

--- Page 516 ---
516 
 
 
 
9. 
VALUES 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of Remuneration Rate, 
Payout and/or Entitlement Amount or related provision may be subject to a cap of the Maximum Value 
and/or a floor of the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 517 ---
517 
 
 
 
10. 
FORMULAS CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Formulas Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for 
such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Securities, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by 
deleting such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Formulas Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
11. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Formulas Conditions will be calculated, determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretion by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Securities shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securityholders. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to 
make any determination it may, to the extent permitted by any applicable law, inter alia, decide issues 
of construction and legal interpretation. In performing its duties pursuant to the Securities, the 
Calculation Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of 
any of its obligations or making any determination under the Securities shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or determination, and none of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross 
negligence, bear any liability (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 518 ---
518 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Securities shall comprise terms and conditions of Securities (the 
"General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Index Securities set out below 
(the "Index Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Index Security Conditions, the Index 
Security provisions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, either (i) the official 
closing level of such Index or (ii) the exchange delivery settlement price or its equivalent from 
exchange to exchange, on such day, as indicated in the Final Terms and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such 
Index; 
"Component Security Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Composite Index" means any Index which is either a Component Security Index or a Multi-Exchange 
Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of such Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session, or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and

--- Page 519 ---
519 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Index that is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange 
in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Indices 
Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 520 ---
520 
 
 
Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which  
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Indices is 
open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session 
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session.

--- Page 521 ---
521 
 
 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session.  
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 2, the index or 
indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle;

--- Page 522 ---
522 
 
 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a 
regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of 
such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in 
Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices 
Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); or  
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices:  
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; and  
(ii) 
either:

--- Page 523 ---
523 
 
 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Indices is 
open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or  
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index:  
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session;

--- Page 524 ---
524 
 
 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security, and subject to the provisions of this Annex 2 and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging 
Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the official closing level or official opening level, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, for such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by 
the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the official closing level or official 
opening level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Securities are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, an Exchange Business 
Day and the Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that

--- Page 525 ---
525 
 
 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
A. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
B. 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component 
Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption 
or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption; (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption 
Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component 
Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and

--- Page 526 ---
526 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of a security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the 
portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security and (B) the overall level of such 
Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an 
Observation Date, the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
3. 
Adjustments to an Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies 
that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index 
Cancellation"), or (b) on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, 
the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Strike 
Date, that Valuation Date, that Observation Date or that Averaging Date, as the case may be,

--- Page 527 ---
527 
 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only 
those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may replace the relevant Index with a new similar index, multiplied, if 
need be by a linking coefficient to ensure continuity in the condition of the underlying of the 
Securities; or 
(c) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event, Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of 
such Security, as the case may be, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of each Security, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle 
each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal 
Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, held by such Securityholder

--- Page 528 ---
528 
 
 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a); 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); or 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 3.2(c)(vi) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities 
and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other 
than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market 
value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities.  
3.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), of any determination made by it pursuant to 
paragraph 3.2 above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such the Fiscal Agent, 
or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), shall make available for 
inspection by Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
4. 
Correction of Index

--- Page 529 ---
529 
 
 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Index published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected 
and the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor 
Index Sponsor, (a) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the date 
of the original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the 
number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used 
shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Futures Price Valuation  
5.1 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in relation to an Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of such Index, the following provisions shall apply to these Index Security Conditions: 
"First Traded Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Security and subject to the provisions of 
this Annex 2: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the Actual First Traded Price of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the Actual First Traded Price of the 
relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Settlement Price Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, and subject to the provisions of this Annex 2: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the Official Settlement Price of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
(ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either 
case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the Official Settlement Price of the 
relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined by the

--- Page 530 ---
530 
 
 
Calculation Agent on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price 
Valuation applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) any constituent Index 
any reference to such Index or constituent Index in the definition of Scheduled Trading Day will be 
deemed not to apply and instead a Scheduled Trading Day must be a day on which the Official 
Settlement Price or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange in relation to each such Index to which Futures Price Valuation applies.  
Where Futures Price Valuation applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) 
any constituent Index, an Exchange Business Day must be a day on which the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange in relation to each such Index is open for trading during their regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such Futures or Options Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
weekday closing time on such Exchange Business Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
The Disrupted Day provisions in the General Security Conditions and/or these Index Security 
Conditions will not apply in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices) in respect of which Futures Price Valuation applies, unless (other 
than in the case Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities ) there is a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, in which case the Disrupted Day provisions will apply 
to the relevant Index or constituent Index. 
For these purposes: 
"Actual First Traded Price" means the price at which the relevant Exchange-traded Contract is first 
traded on the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house after 5:29:59 p.m. (Central 
European Time) as appearing first on the list of prices for such time published on the Relevant Futures 
or Options Exchange Website (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the Relevant FTP Screen 
Page (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as applicable, or, if such Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website or Relevant FTP Screen Page is not available, such replacement website or page as 
the Calculation Agent shall select or, subject to Index Security Condition 5.4 (Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), if the Relevant Futures or Options Exchange Website 
or Relevant FTP Screen Page is not available and the Calculation Agent determines that no replacement 
website or page exists or no such price is published after such time, the price determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such sources 
as it considers appropriate.

--- Page 531 ---
531 
 
 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the futures contract determined pursuant to Index Security Condition 5.2 (Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities) below. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means, in relation to an Index, the futures or options contract(s) 
specified as such for the Index in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) 
the Index to which it relates, (b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded 
and (c)(i) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery or expiry month of 
such contract or (ii) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of 
each such contract and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, the relevant exchange specified in the 
description of the Exchange-traded Contract for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either:  
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no 
Official Settlement Price or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded 
Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Averaging Date or other date for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as 
the case may be, of the relevant Index. 
"Official Settlement Price" means the official settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of 
the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded 
Contract published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
5.2 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Index that have delivery or 
expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or prior to the 
Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day 
until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On 
each Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded Contract and 
such contract shall be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover

--- Page 532 ---
532 
 
 
Date. Notwithstanding the provisions of 5.3 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract) or 5.4 (Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or 
materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or, unless 
Related Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at such time hedge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities then: 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security taking into 
account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind 
Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security taking into account the 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement 
Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) 
the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement 
Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 
greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(a) 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices),

--- Page 533 ---
533 
 
 
settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(c); or 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 5.2(vi) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security taking into 
account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that 
are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of early settlement. 
5.3 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
Without duplication of Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index) or Index Security 
Condition 4 (Correction of Index) (which shall govern in the event of a conflict), in the event that the 
terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
5.4 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Official 
Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, for any Valuation Date, Observation Date, 
Averaging Date or any other relevant date for valuation or observation, as the case may be, of the 
relevant Index shall be deemed to be the level of the relevant Index at the close of the regular trading 
session on the relevant Exchange or, in the case of a Composite Index, the time at which the official 
closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the 
Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in respect of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if on 
any Exchange Business Day a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
occurs, then:

--- Page 534 ---
534 
 
 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security taking into 
account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind 
Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payments being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market 
value of each Security taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") 
as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance 
of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle each Security at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost 
at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not 
some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with General Security Condition 20(a); 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not 
some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with General Security Condition 20(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all 
but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of

--- Page 535 ---
535 
 
 
each Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with General Security Condition 20(c); or 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 5.4(vi) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into 
account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that 
are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of early settlement; 
5.5 
Correction of the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded 
Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange, (a) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business 
Days following the date of the original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a 
Composite Index, within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original 
publication, the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, to be used shall be 
the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid.

--- Page 536 ---
536 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Share Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities 
(the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities set out 
below (the "Share Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Share Security Conditions, the Share 
Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and "Basket 
Companies" means all such companies; 
"Basket of Shares" means (a) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (b) a Relative Performance Basket; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Share; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day: 
(i) 
if AQR is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable); or 
(ii) 
If AQR is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms and (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the volume-weighted average price of the Share on the 
Exchange on such day as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function 
"AQR", subject to custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg information system 
(or any future successor screen page or information system) on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date at the Valuation Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if Averaging is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the volume-weighted average price of the Share on

--- Page 537 ---
537 
 
 
the Exchange as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function "AQR", subject 
to custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg information system (or any future 
successor screen page or information system) on each of the Averaging Dates at the Valuation 
Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (in both cases under (a) and (b), the "VWA 
Closing Price"), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Closing Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Shares 
Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share are

--- Page 538 ---
538 
 
 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share(s) on the Exchange or (b) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Share(s) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events)and Share Security Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable); 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in relation to a 
Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the Italian Stock Exchange 
at the close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the Market 
organised and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as such Rules may be amended by the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share;

--- Page 539 ---
539 
 
 
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is either (a) the best 
performing, or (b) the worst performing, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading 
Day (Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all 
Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open 
for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, and subject to the provisions of this Annex 3 
and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each Share 
comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such 
Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
or, other than in the case of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Securities Reference Price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so 
determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is

--- Page 540 ---
540 
 
 
not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or 
the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
such Share whose official closing price or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic 
mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such 
Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a single Share, an amount equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
 if AQR is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official 
closing price or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or, other 
than in the case of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Securities 
Reference Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for the Share determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing

--- Page 541 ---
541 
 
 
prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share (or on such 
other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), such amount to be converted, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; or 
(ii) 
If AQR is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms and (a) if Averaging is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume-weighted 
average price of the Share on the Exchange as displayed on the appropriate 
Bloomberg screen using function "AQR", subject to custom condition "Automatic 
Trade" on the Bloomberg information system (or any future successor screen page or 
information system) on the relevant Settlement Price Date at the Valuation Time 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if Averaging is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
equal to the arithmetic mean of the volume-weighted average price of the Share on 
the Exchange as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function 
"AQR", subject to custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg 
information system (or any future successor screen page or information system) on 
each of the Averaging Dates at the Valuation Time indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (in both cases under (a) and (b), the "VWA Settlement Price"), such amount 
to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, 
all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Securities are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, an Exchange Business 
Day and the Valuation Date; 
"Shares" and "Share" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 3, in the case of an 
issue of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in the case of an issue of Securities 
relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly; 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the company 
that has issued such Share; 
"Share Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; and

--- Page 542 ---
542 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the 
Share on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an 
Observation Date, the Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date or a Valuation Date as the case may 
be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant 
Shares that are not fully paid;

--- Page 543 ---
543 
 
 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
certificates, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (b) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event 
made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), stating the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are

--- Page 544 ---
544 
 
 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event 
and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Dividend Event 
If "Dividend Protection" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Dividend Event during the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date, to, and including, 
the Exercise Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, adjust the values and level indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms by multiplying such levels by the Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth 
decimal digit).  
Upon the making of any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Dividend Event and providing details of the relevant adjustments, provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
Where: 
"Actual Dividend" means, in respect of any Business Day (i) if the distribution is made in cash, 100% 
of the gross cash dividend per Share declared by the Share Company, as the case may be, to holders of 
record of a Share and for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day; and (ii) if the 
distribution is made otherwise, a dividend amount per share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
equal to the fair market value of the distributed assets on the relevant Ex-Dividend Date and for which 
the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such day; and (iii) if no distribution is made for which the Ex-Dividend 
Date falls on such Business Day, zero.  
Where a distribution is announced which may, at the election of the relevant shareholder, be satisfied by 
a payment of cash or a distribution of shares, the distribution shall be treated as a cash dividend in an 
amount equal to such cash amount.  
"Adjustment Factor K" means the factor calculated in accordance with the following formula and 
rounded to the eight decimal digit: 
Adjustment Factor K =
Cum Reference Price−Actual Dividend 
Cum Reference Price−Scheduled Dividend  
"Cap Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Cum Reference Price" means the official closing price of the Shares on the Exchange Business Day 
preceding the Ex-Dividend Date.  
"Dividend Event" means that on any Business Day either:

--- Page 545 ---
545 
 
 
(i) the Actual Dividend declared by the Share Company, in respect of the Share in relation to 
which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day differs from the amount of the 
Scheduled Dividend for such Business Day; or  
(ii) the Scheduled Dividend for such Business Day is greater than zero, but there is no Actual 
Dividend declared by the Share Company, in relation to which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on 
such Business Day.  
"Ex-Dividend Date" means either (i) the first Business Day following the declaration of a distribution 
on which a holder of a Share on such Business Day is not entitled to receive such distribution or (ii) 
each Scheduled Ex-Date.  
"Scheduled Dividend" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Ex-Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
5. 
Extraordinary Events 
5.1 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer (unless 
Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or CSR Event, as the case may be, shall 
be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth in Share Security 
Condition 5.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event): 
"CSR Event" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, any negative change 
in any Non-Financial Rating of a Basket Company when compared to such Non-Financial Rating as at 
the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Series, if such change is material, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York 
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (b) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
falling after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the 
ask prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on average), 
and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average selling price, determined by the Calculation Agent 
from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period, in

--- Page 546 ---
546 
 
 
relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00, is greater 
than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. 
(in relation to a sale of Shares). For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (i) the sum of the 
bid price and the ask price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (ii) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, (a) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of 
the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited 
from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the Exchange on 
which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date of the relevant Securities, for 
any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on the 
Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person,  
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding),  
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its 
subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another 
entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other

--- Page 547 ---
547 
 
 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event,  
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of Cash 
Settled Securities, the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Security or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities, the relevant Settlement Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Non-Financial Rating" means the rating assigned to the Basket Company by the relevant non-
financial rating agency being an entity assigning ratings based on corporate social responsibility 
including corporate governance and ethical business conduct, social and human resources policy, 
environmental protection policy and social initiatives (each such agency, a "Non-Financial Rating 
Agency"). 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
5.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may take any of the relevant actions 
described in (a), (c) or (d) (in the case of Securities relating to either a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares), or (b) or (e) (in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares) as it deems appropriate: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities. The Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on 
that options exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (e) below;

--- Page 548 ---
548 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, settle in part by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities 
are so settled in part the portion (the "Settled Amount") of each Security, representing the 
affected Share(s) shall be settled and the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a);  
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Security Condition 5.2(b)(iii) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market 
value of the Settled Amount, taking into account such event (provided that no account 
will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early settlement in 
part the Securities at the Settled Amount) and no such costs shall be deducted), such 
amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in 
the notice of partial settlement; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by him an 
amount equal to the fair market value of the Settled Amount taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(v) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such 
settlement in part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Security after such settlement and 
adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices);

--- Page 549 ---
549 
 
 
(c) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) settle all but not some only of the Securities at 
the amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of such Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount") as soon 
as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Settlement Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date 
to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such 
time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a);  
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security

--- Page 550 ---
550 
 
 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Security Condition 5.2(c)(vi) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay 
to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other 
than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market 
value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement; or 
(d) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), 
require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the 
Options Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an 
adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(e) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected 
Share") of each Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected 
by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the 
relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant

--- Page 551 ---
551 
 
 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any 
amount payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the initial price of 
the Affected Share, the initial price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
initial price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on 
the Substitution Valuation Date; 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to 
below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following 
criteria, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the 
relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall 
be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer that is, or that as of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (A) 
publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (B) not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or

--- Page 552 ---
552 
 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such 
share is already included in the Basket of Shares or such Share does not satisfy the 
criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event other 
than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(A) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as 
the Affected Basket Company;  
(B) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company; and 
(C) 
in the case of the occurrence of a CSR Event only, the relevant issuer of the 
share shall have a comparable Non-Financial Rating to the Affected Basket 
Company. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Share 
Company or a Basket Company, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to 
this Share Security Condition 5.2, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary 
Event and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto including, in the case of a Share 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares, the Substitution Valuation Date and the Substitution 
Date. 
5.3 
Hedging Liquidity Event 
(a) 
"Hedging Liquidity Event" means that, at any time after the Listing Date of the Securities, the volume 
of Shares held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in relation to any hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Securities is above the Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level; 
"Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified, 50 per cent. of the daily average volume of the transactions on the Shares 
on the Exchange over the last 6 month time period appearing on the relevant Screen Page. 
(b) 
Consequences of a Hedging Liquidity Event 
If Hedging Liquidity Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Hedging Liquidity Event occurs in relation to a Share, the

--- Page 553 ---
553 
 
 
Issuer may immediately settle all but not some only of the Securities at the amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Security taking into account the relevant Hedging Liquidity Event, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Notice of settlement will be given to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) as soon as practicable following determination of the occurrence of the Hedging Liquidity 
Event and payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders. 
6. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment or delivery under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Share published on 
a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the 
number of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used 
shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is 
three Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under the Securities will be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
7. 
Dividend Payment 
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to the Securities: 
(a) 
In the event that on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Share Company or 
Basket Company, as the case may be, notwithstanding any provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall calculate (i) the relevant Distributed 
Amount and (ii) the relevant Dividend Date. 
(b) 
As soon as practicable following the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash 
Dividend Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) of the Cash Dividend and the relevant Cash Dividend Payment Date and the Issuer, 
or failing which the Guarantor, if applicable, shall pay to each Securityholder on the Cash 
Dividend Payment Date an amount equal to the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of each 
Security held by him on the Cash Dividend Payment Date, provided that if the relevant 
Dividend Date has not occurred prior to the Settlement Date, the Issuer shall not be obliged to 
pay such Cash Dividend Amount and the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, shall have 
no further obligation in respect thereof. 
(c) 
The Cash Dividend Notice shall specify the manner in which the Cash Dividend Amount shall 
be paid to each Securityholder. 
For the purposes of this Share Security Condition 7 the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 554 ---
554 
 
 
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Share Company or Basket Company in respect 
of a Share; 
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the Distributed Amount less a pro rata share of Dividend Expenses, such amount to be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or as soon as practicable after the Dividend 
Date; 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Cash Dividend Notice; 
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of such dividend paid by the 
Share Company in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such Cash Dividend would 
be received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Dividend Expenses" means all present, future or contingent withholding, capital gain, profit, 
transactional or business tax or other similar tax or duty (including stamp duty) and/or expenses 
(including any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue, registration, transfer and/or 
other expenses) which the Calculation Agent determines have been or may be deducted and/or may 
arise or may have arisen in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or any payment of the Cash Dividend 
Amount in respect of the Securities. 
8. 
GDR/ADR 
Share Security Conditions 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR) to 13 (Extraordinary Events) 
(inclusive) apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or ADRs 
being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed Securities of the issuer of the Underlying 
Shares; 
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be.

--- Page 555 ---
555 
 
 
10. 
General 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the General Security 
Conditions, and the Share Security Conditions to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or 
ADRs, as applicable, and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the "Share Company" or "Basket 
Company", as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, 
and the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the 
exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, are listed and the 
exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with such additional or 
alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider necessary or otherwise desirable 
provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the Securityholders of Securities. 
11. 
Share Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), 
(c), (d) or (e), as applicable, of Share Security Condition 5.2. (Consequences of the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event) The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Share Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events: 
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the Issuer or a Qualified Investor to the depositary of 
the Underlying Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine which of these events 
such event constitutes. 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (b) of the definition of Potential 
Adjustment Event in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustments Events): 
"and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares". 
13. 
Extraordinary Events 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Security 
Condition 5.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"Conversion Event, Share Event".

--- Page 556 ---
556 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as ETI Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities 
(the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities set out below 
(the "ETI Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the ETI Security Conditions, the ETI Security 
Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more ETI 
Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary 
ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a Weighting in the ETI Basket 
equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level;  
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
50 per cent; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is an Exchange Business Day; 
"Clearance System" means the applicable domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant ETI Interest; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price (or 
if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Value per ETI 
Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Security 
Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events);  
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred;

--- Page 557 ---
557 
 
 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the Trade 
Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has implemented a 
material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"ETI" means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, (B) exchange 
traded commodity or (C) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other exchange traded entity 
specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Securities are linked to the performance of ETI Interests of more 
than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests; 
"ETI Documents" means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant ETI in 
effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the ETI, 
as may be further described in any ETI Document; 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued to or 
held by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange traded 
commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of any other 
exchange traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) 
if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Related Party" means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide services 
(howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETI, whether or 
not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of an exchange traded note or exchange traded 
commodity, the calculation agent; 
"Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has temporarily

--- Page 558 ---
558 
 
 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, Exchange Business Day (All ETI 
Interests Basis) or Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for 
trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular 
trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in 
respect of such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange (if any) are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI Interest 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical 
Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge

--- Page 559 ---
559 
 
 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter 
into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number 
of ETI Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would 
be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Securities; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor holding an ETI Interest at 
the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of 
the relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means, an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to 
the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, of any scheduled but 
unpaid payments under the Securities in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary 
ETI Event Effective Date to (and including) the Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds 
actually received from the redemption or sale of any ETI Interests by the Hedge Provider, the volatility 
of the ETI Interests and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option 
Value following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such time on such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events);  
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency;

--- Page 560 ---
560 
 
 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another 
entity or person,  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an 
ETI with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such ETI, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI 
Interests outstanding),  
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETI Interests of an ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such ETI Interests (other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person), or  
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an 
ETI or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI 
Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI 
Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests 
immediately following such event,  
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of 
Cash Settled Securities, the last occurring Valuation Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the Settlement Date. For the purposes of this definition only, "Interests" shall mean the 
applicable ETI Interests or the shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, 
and "Entity" shall mean the applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may 
require; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Security determined by the 
sum of:

--- Page 561 ---
561 
 
 
(i) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days or Value Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or any entity 
fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest before the Calculation 
Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Security determined as: 
(i) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
A. 
the greater of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
B. 
the Simple Interest; 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is not specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option 
Value; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, Scheduled

--- Page 562 ---
562 
 
 
Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day on 
which the Exchange and Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all ETI 
Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject to the provisions of these ETI Security Conditions and as referred to in "Valuation 
Date" or "Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI 
Interest comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to:  
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on;  
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date; or  
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair 
market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so

--- Page 563 ---
563 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
cannot be determined based, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI 
Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide); or  
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on:  
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date; or  
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
in each case multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to:  
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on:  
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date; or  
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair 
market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time

--- Page 564 ---
564 
 
 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest based, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions or 
applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the 
trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide); or  
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on:  
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date; or  
(b) 
if Averaging is specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
in each case, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such 
converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Termination Amount during the period from (and including) the Implied 
Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the later of (i) the Settlement Date, as 
the case may be, or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer 
under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. under which: 
A. 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
B. 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
C. 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
D. 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) 
or USD-Federal Funds-H.15 (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
E. 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
minus 0.125 per cent.;

--- Page 565 ---
565 
 
 
F. 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
G. 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
H. 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable"; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an ETI Related Party, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, (x) the Principal Protected Termination Amount or (y) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice given to 
Securityholders in accordance with ETI Security Condition 6.2(c); or (ii) if Delayed Settlement on 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Settlement Date as the case may be; 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on the Exchange; or (ii) in 
futures or options contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on any 
relevant Related Exchange; 
"Value Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the Value Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled 
Trading Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official net 
asset value per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI Interest,

--- Page 566 ---
566 
 
 
otherwise (ii) the official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant calculation date, as 
reported on such Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, the relevant Exchange or 
publishing service (which may include the website of an ETI), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value per 
ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value per ETI 
Interest is calculated; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the Value per 
ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger Percentage(s) at 
any time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any leverage restriction 
that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of any law, (x) any order or 
judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, (y) the ETI 
Documents or (z) any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the ETI or any of its assets; 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50 per cent.; 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or an ETI 
Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 567 ---
567 
 
 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the terms of 
any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event 
made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the 
adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential 
Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Security Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events) 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
4.1 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related Party, ceases 
administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any other

--- Page 568 ---
568 
 
 
relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous 
to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
4.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
4.3 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; or 
4.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI Related 
Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any such 
criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other 
civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or 
any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such 
ETI Interests; 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events:

--- Page 569 ---
569 
 
 
4.5 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including by way of 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage 
of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the ETI and/or any ETI Related 
Party to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the ETI Documents which failure is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or 
remedies of any investor therein; 
Modification Events: 
4.6 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever described, including the underlying 
type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those set out in the ETI Documents, or any announcement 
regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature; 
4.7 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), 
of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, (ii) the ETI purports to track, or (iii) the ETI 
accepts/provides for purposes of creation/redemption baskets; 
4.8 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of the 
ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI Documents or to the ETI's liquidity 
terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the ETI Interests or the or any portfolio 
of assets to which the ETI Interest relates (either alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by 
the ETI); 
4.9 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI Documents so 
that the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade 
Date; or 
4.10 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
4.11 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.12 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.13 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI fails for any 
reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the Number of Value Publication Days 
following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the ETI Interests unless the cause

--- Page 570 ---
570 
 
 
of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication; 
4.14 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the Investment/AUM Level; 
4.15 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
4.16 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at the end of each 
Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI or any ETI Related Party, or (ii) 
where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the publication of an indicative Value per ETI Interest, 
such indicative Value per ETI Interest is published no less frequently than once every five (5) minutes 
during regular trading hours on the Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day; or 
4.17 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI Interest Trading 
Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any hedging activities in relation to the 
Securities; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events:  
4.18 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge 
Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in 
sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be 
deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event; or 
4.19 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future 
law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not 
limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETI by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the ETI or the ETI 
Related Parties or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such 
authorisation or licence, (iii) the ETI is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, 
(iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to 
the Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the ETI or 
any ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI

--- Page 571 ---
571 
 
 
Interests or other activities or undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or remedies of any investor 
therein, including any Hedge Provider;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events:  
4.20 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, 
or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests or that 
would subject a holder of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the 
relevant ETI Interests or any underlying assets of or related to the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to 
maintain its hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a 
period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable 
efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to 
an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent 
that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
4.21 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once) 
would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
4.22 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option contracts on the relevant 
Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other underlying ETI Interest asset 
price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures or 
option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI; 
4.23 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or 
funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities;

--- Page 572 ---
572 
 
 
Miscellaneous Events:  
4.24 
in the case of Securities linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
4.25 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related 
Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by Moody's Investors Service Inc., or 
any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a 
division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded 
below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or 
P-1 (Moody's); 
4.26 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
4.27 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
4.28 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of a Dividend 
Event; 
4.29 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETI Interests 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, 
any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market 
System (or their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a 
member state of the European Union). 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event or both an Extraordinary ETI Event and a 
Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered or 
whether such event or set of circumstances shall be an Extraordinary ETI Event or Market Disruption 
Event. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary ETI 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any 
event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than 
once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance

--- Page 573 ---
573 
 
 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of 
such Extraordinary ETI Event (the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Extraordinary ETI Event Notice shall set out, if 
determined at that time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to 
take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer 
has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary 
ETI Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Securityholders of the occurrence on Extraordinary Fund 
Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the Issuer 
shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until the Issuer has 
determined the action to take pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 below. 
6.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer may take the action described 
below in (a), (b) or (c).  
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then it may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the Securities and a change in the Weighting of 
any remaining ETI Interest(s) not affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment 
in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any options exchange to options on 
the ETI Interests traded on that options exchange; or 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded on 
such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), 
require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any

--- Page 574 ---
574 
 
 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the 
Options Exchange. If options on the ETI Interests are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an 
adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective 
Date, substitute each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an "Affected 
ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI Interest selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") 
and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" and the relevant issuer of such 
Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the 
event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the initial price 
of the Affected ETI Interest, the initial price of each Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
initial price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date; 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date.

--- Page 575 ---
575 
 
 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy the 
following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in the case 
of ETI Securities related to a single ETI, and (b) in the case of ETI Securities related to an ETI 
Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or 
person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger 
Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) 
the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of 
the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly 
quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, 
trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such 
share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETI Security related to an ETI Basket), already included 
in the ETI Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a 
comparable listing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the 
exchange or quotation system in the same geographic region), investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes, underlying asset pools and whose related 
parties (such as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, manager, 
operating company, custodian, prime broker and depository) are acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
Termination

--- Page 576 ---
576 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the 
outstanding ETI Securities shall be settled by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination 
Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
(d) 
General  
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Securityholders or any other person. In making any determination as 
to which action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Securityholders or any other person in 
connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in 
making any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
7. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Securities, if the price of the relevant ETI 
Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant price source within the number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the 
original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment or delivery under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount. 
8. 
Calculations and Determinations 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, will make the calculations and determinations as 
described in the ETI Security Conditions in such a manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the ETI Security Conditions, the hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Securities and the nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 577 ---
577 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Debt Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities 
(the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities set out below 
(the "Debt Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Debt Security Conditions, the Debt 
Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, in relation to each Cash Settled Security and subject as referred to in "Averaging Date" or 
"Valuation Date": 
(a) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a basket of Debt Instruments, an amount equal to the 
sum of the values calculated for each Debt Instrument as (x) the Reference Price for such Debt 
Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time as determined by or 
on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices 
for such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such prices to be expressed as a percentage of the 
nominal amount of such Debt Instrument (y) multiplied by the product of the nominal amount 
of such Debt Instrument and the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
(x) the Reference Price for such Debt Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Valuation Time as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent on 
(a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or 
(b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if 
such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for such Debt 
Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such prices to be expressed as a

--- Page 578 ---
578 
 
 
percentage of the nominal amount of the Debt Instrument (y) multiplied by the 
nominal amount of such Debt Instrument; or  
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the price expressed as a percentage of the Underlying Reference, determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and 
equal to the highest firm bid quotation (relating to a nominal amount of the 
Underlying Reference equal to the product of (i) the Entitlement Amount, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) the number of outstanding Securities) obtained by 
the Calculation Agent from at least two Eligible Dealers on the Valuation Date with 
respect to the Valuation Date, plus the Accrued Interest of the Underlying Reference 
as of the Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Accrued Interest of the Underlying Reference as of the Valuation Date" the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Eligible Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of the Debt Instruments 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) with whom the relevant Issurs’s or, if 
applicable, Guarantors’s division of Markets Division (or any successor thereto) may, 
according to its internal rules (including (but without limitation) regulatory rules, 
rules in matter of counterparty risk limitation and counterparty on-boarding), execute 
trades in the normal course of its business activity. 
2. 
Exchange Business Day 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the Exchange Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading either on any exchange on which such Debt Instrument is traded or on 
any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Instrument are 
traded if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
4. 
Correction of Debt Instrument Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Debt Instrument published on

--- Page 579 ---
579 
 
 
a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant exchange within the 
number of days equal to the Debt Instrument Correction Period of the original publication, the price to 
be used shall be the price of the relevant Debt Instrument as so corrected. Corrections published after 
the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument 
(i) 
If Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument Option 1 is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, notwithstanding General Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption 
Events And Optional Additional Disruption Events), if on or prior to the last Averaging Date or 
the last Valuation Date, any Debt Instrument is redeemed (including any early redemption) or 
cancelled by the relevant Debt Instrument Issuer (a "Debt Instrument Redemption Event"), 
then:  
(b) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Debt Instrument Redemption Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the 
Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Securityholder in respect of each Security, being settled at an amount equal to 
the fair market value of such Security taking into account the Debt Instrument 
Settlement Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(c) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Debt Instrument Settlement Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the fair market value of each Security taking into account the Debt 
Instrument Settlement Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Debt Instrument 
Settlement Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the 
Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 580 ---
580 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), of any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Debt Security Condition 5 and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Securities), shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such 
determinations. 
(ii) 
If Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument Option 2 is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, if in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Acceleration Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) and following such notice all of the Securities (but not some 
only) shall be settled at the Acceleration Event Amount on the Acceleration Event Settlement 
Date. 
Where: 
"Acceleration Event(s)" means any of the following events:  
(i) 
the Debt Instrument has become capable of being declared due and payable or has 
become due and payable before it would have otherwise have been due and payable as 
a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, Acceleration Event, or other 
similar condition or event (described in the terms and conditions governing such Debt 
Instrument as of the Trade Date, notwithstanding any change due to the adoption, after 
the Trade Date, of any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without 
limitation, any tax law)) or due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by any 
taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), including as result of 
a failure to make any required payment; 
(ii) 
the Debt Instrument is redeemed before its maturity date; 
(iii) 
any amount to be received by a holder of the Debt Instrument thereunder would be 
reduced or paid in or exchanged into another form due to the adoption, after the issue 
date, of any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, 
any tax law) or due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by any taxing authority or brought in a 
court of competent jurisdiction);

--- Page 581 ---
581 
 
 
(iv) 
an early redemption of the Debt Instrument for tax reasons in accordance with its 
terms; 
(v) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including in cases where the issuer of the Debt Instrument is allowed 
not to paid the interest or to make any change to the interest effectively paid under the 
Debt Instrument with or without consent of the holders of such Debt Instrument); 
(vi) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates (including in cases where the issuer of the Debt Instrument is 
allowed not to paid the principal or to make any change to the principal effectively 
paid under the Debt Instrument with or without consent of the holders of such Debt 
Instrument); 
(vii) 
a change to one or more scheduled interest payment dates of the Debt Instrument or 
the scheduled maturity date of the Debt Instrument; 
(viii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either the payment or accrual of 
interest or the payment of principal or premium; 
(ix) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal 
under the Debt Instrument; 
(x) 
any change in the ranking of the Underlying Reference that causes the Debt 
Instrument to be subordinated below the level of subordination the Debt Instrument 
had on its date of issuance; or 
(xi) 
the issuer of the Debt Instrument (or any guarantor or credit support provider thereof) 
becomes subject to any bankruptcy, winding-up or insolvency proceedings, the 
appointment of an insolvency or similar officer or any analogous event or in any 
applicable jurisdiction or takes any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
The date of the occurrence of any Acceleration Event shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (such determination to be made in a commercially reasonable manner) (the 
"Acceleration Event Determination Date"). 
"Acceleration Event Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the fair market value of such Securities by reference to such factor(s) as it may deem 
appropriate and less the Unwind Costs. For the purposes of determining the fair market value

--- Page 582 ---
582 
 
 
of the Certificates following an Acceleration Event, no account shall be taken of the financial 
condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its 
obligations in respect of the Securities. 
"Acceleration Event Settlement Date" means five Business Days following the date on 
which a notice of the relevant event is given by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
6. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the following 
provisions shall apply to these Debt Security Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price 
of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price 
Valuation applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily 
Settlement Price of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies the Disrupted Day provisions in the General Security Conditions 
and/or these Debt Security Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded 
Contract. 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the futures contract determined pursuant to Debt Security Condition 7 (Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Synthetic Debt Instrument to 
which it relates, (b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (c)(i) if 
the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery or expiry month of such contract

--- Page 583 ---
583 
 
 
or (ii) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of each such 
contract and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either:  
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current 
Exchange-traded Contract. 
"Synthetic Debt Instrument" means the synthetic debt instrument to which an Exchange-traded 
Contract is related, as described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Security Condition 4 (Correction of Debt 
Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument) 
will not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies.  
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references in the General Security Conditions, Formulas Conditions 
to a "Debt Instrument" or "Debt Instruments" are deemed to be references to a Current Exchange-traded 
Contract or "Current Exchange-traded Contracts", as applicable. 
7. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Synthetic Debt Instrument that 
have delivery or expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on 
or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each 
following day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded 
Contract. On each Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded 
Contract and such contract shall be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring 
Futures Rollover Date. Notwithstanding the provisions of Debt Security Condition 8 (Adjustments to an 
Exchange-traded Contract) or Debt Security Condition 9 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance 
of an Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the

--- Page 584 ---
584 
 
 
Calculation Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities then: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Securityholder in respect of each Security, being settled equal to the fair market value of 
such Security taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
or 
(b) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security taking into account the 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement 
Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) 
the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement 
Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 
greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
8. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
9. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer 
may take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described 
in (b) below:

--- Page 585 ---
585 
 
 
(a) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security, being settled equal to the fair market value of such Security 
taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security 
taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment 
Amount") as soon as practicable following the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle 
each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal 
Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
or 
(b) 
(i) replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected Exchange-traded Contract") 
with a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the "Substitute Exchange-traded Contract") 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, has similar contract specifications to those of the Affected 
Exchange-traded Contract and (ii) make such adjustments to adjust such terms of the Securities 
as it determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be 
appropriate to preserve the economic position of the Securityholders prior to such replacement. 
Such replacement will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and specified in the

--- Page 586 ---
586 
 
 
notice referred to below. The Substitute Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed to be an 
"Exchange-traded Contract" for the purposes of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Securities the Calculation Agent will adjust 
any relevant terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), of any determination made by it pursuant to this Debt 
Security Condition 9 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or the 
Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), shall make available for 
inspection by Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
10. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, 
within the number of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original 
publication, the Daily Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid.  
11. 
Definitions 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities or contracts. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Debt Instrument Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Debt Instrument Issuer" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the issuer of such Debt Instrument. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 587 ---
587 
 
 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the bid price, mid price, offer price, bid 
yield, mid yield or offer yield specified as such for such Debt Instrument in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Scheduled Trading Day" means an Exchange Business Day. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Debt Security or Exchange-traded Contract, the period of 
Clearance System Days following a trade in such security or contract, as the case may be, on the 
relevant exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange.

--- Page 588 ---
588 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Commodity Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of 
Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity 
Securities set out below (the "Commodity Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other 
additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) 
the Commodity Security Conditions, the Commodity Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Component" means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket of 
Commodities; 
"Basket of Commodities" means a basket comprising two or more Commodities and/or Commodity 
Indices; 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex, the commodity (or 
commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or commodities) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, each of 
climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of this 
Annex and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Commodity Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or Commodity 
Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which each 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the 
relevant Commodity or Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference Price in 
respect of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in 
accordance with (i) and (ii) above,

--- Page 589 ---
589 
 
 
"Commodity Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference 
Price for the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only 
three such quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the 
Commodity Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference 
Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or 
lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will 
be deemed that such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the 
good faith estimate of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such 
Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current 
applicable method of calculating such Commodity Index or the method for 
determining the value of the Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms using the price or level for each Index Component or 
Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(a) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which 
is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price or level or settlement 
price, as applicable, of such Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, on such Pricing Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which 
is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected Item"), the closing 
price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such Affected Item on the first 
succeeding Pricing Date that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Pricing Dates equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed 
to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price 
or level of such Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell 
or otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect of the Securities during the period 
of five Commodity Business Days following the last such consecutive Pricing Date;

--- Page 590 ---
590 
 
 
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an index 
comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices linked 
to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index Component"); 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Commodity or any Commodity Index, the 
Commodity Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date 
or that month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration 
of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
(b) 
if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery date for a futures contract 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner on the Futures Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, 
in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, 
the relevant Commodity or Index Component or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price 
Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component; 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price when a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price 
Source). A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
Disruption Fallback is specified, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant actions in 
accordance with Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and 
Disruption Fallbacks).  
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price and in the

--- Page 591 ---
591 
 
 
case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index Component 
comprising such Commodity Index; 
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Remuneration Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Final Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Final Remuneration Pricing Date";  
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future delivery 
of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity referred to in that 
Commodity Reference Price; 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on any date between 
the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange or 
price source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by the usual exchange 
or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the occurrence of market 
disruption or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, then-current, method used 
by such exchange or price source; 
"Initial Pricing Date" or "Initial Remuneration Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Initial Pricing Date" shall be deemed to 
apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Initial Remuneration Pricing Date"; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component and any 
time on a Pricing Date, the Relevant Price of such Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component 
at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Commodity 
Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and, if 
applicable, Commodity Security Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index).  
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the

--- Page 592 ---
592 
 
 
maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Commodity or Index 
Component. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in the case of a 
Commodity Index, Index Component; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any Index 
Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a 
Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so 
that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract 
to expire following that Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the 
second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange or 
Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from 
which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the 
Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" or "Remuneration Pricing Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms as 
being the Initial Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement 
Valuation Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, in which case, the relevant Pricing Date or Remuneration 
Pricing Date, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a 
Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date or 
Scheduled Remuneration Pricing Date, as the case may be, is a Commodity Disrupted Day. In that case, 
(A) the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date or 
Remuneration Pricing Date, as the case may be, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall take action in accordance with the provisions of 
Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks). References in these Conditions to "Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis 
in respect of any "Remuneration Pricing Date";

--- Page 593 ---
593 
 
 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the 
Commodity, the price of the Commodity Index or any Index Component, determined with respect to 
that day for the specified Commodity Reference Price calculated as provided in these Commodity 
Security Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" or "Scheduled Remuneration Pricing Date" means any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date. 
References in these Conditions to "Scheduled Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis 
in respect of any "Scheduled Remuneration Pricing Date"; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a day is a 
Hybrid Business Day, a Commodity Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, in respect of a single Commodity, the Relevant 
Price, or, in the case of a Basket of Commodities, the sum of the values calculated in respect of each 
Basket Component as the Relevant Price of such Basket Component multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity Index, (A) the 
closing or (B) daily official level of such Commodity Index and in respect of any other Commodity 
Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of 
being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high price; (b) the low 
price; (c) the average of the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) 
the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement 
price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon 
fixing; (n) the spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET time) on the 
Pricing Date; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the 
relevant Commodity, or in the case of a Commodity Index or any Index Component (other than a tax 
on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority 
after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have been without 
that imposition, change or removal; and

--- Page 594 ---
594 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Index 
Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, commodity index or 
commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes:  
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may 
be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may 
be, is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, trading 
does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures 
Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date 
and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; 
and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as 
the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the 
relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant 
Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the 
closing or settlement price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, Trading 
Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit Price Event; and in addition 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, Platinum or 
Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or Tax Disruption; 
and in addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders, in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks

--- Page 595 ---
595 
 
 
Upon a Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source), 
the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, take the 
action described in (a), (b) or (c) below:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so shall calculate the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount and/or 
make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level for that 
Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price or level for that Commodity or 
Commodity Index as determined by the Calculation Agent using the Commodity Fallback 
Value; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or 
Index Component with a Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as 
the case may be, selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out below (each, 
a "Substitute Commodity", "Substitute Commodity Reference Price" or a "Substitute 
Index Component") for each Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, 
as the case may be, (each, an "Affected Commodity", "Affected Commodity Reference 
Price" or "Affected Index Component", as the case may be), which is affected by the Market 
Disruption Event and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price or 
Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to be a "Commodity", 
"Commodity Reference Price" or an "Index Component", as the case may be, for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any 
one or more of the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any 
amount payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the initial price of 
the Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price or the Index Component, as the case may be, 
the initial price or level of each Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price 
or Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity shall be valued 
on the basis of a futures contract on similar terms to, with a delivery date corresponding with 
and relating to the same Commodity as the Affected Commodity.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity Reference Price, the Substitute Commodity 
Reference Price shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and which in its determination is or 
will be used by market participants as a substitute for the Affected Commodity Reference 
Price.

--- Page 596 ---
596 
 
 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index Component shall 
be an alternative futures contract or commodity index relating to a futures contract on similar 
terms to the Affected Index Component. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Market 
Disruption Event. Such substitution will be notified to the Securityholders as soon as 
practicable after the Substitution Date in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices); or 
(c) 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall settle all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being settled by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of 
such Security less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices);  
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a); 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); or

--- Page 597 ---
597 
 
 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Market Disruption Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Commodity Security Condition 3(c)(v) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholder in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement. 
4. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in each case that commodity index (the "Successor 
Commodity Index") will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final Remuneration Pricing 
Date or the Final Pricing Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Commodity Index or in any 
other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent contracts or 
commodities and other routine events) (a "Commodity Index Modification"), or permanently cancels 
a relevant Commodity Index and no Successor Commodity Index exists (a "Commodity Index 
Cancellation"), or (b) on any Averaging Date, Observation Date, Remuneration Pricing Date or other 
Pricing Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index Disruption" and, together with a 
Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, each a "Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; or

--- Page 598 ---
598 
 
 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
If the Securities are so settled, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of a 
Security taking into account the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices); 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a); 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Commodity Index Adjustment Event 
constitutes a force majeure, and if Commodity Security Condition 4(b)(v) is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the

--- Page 599 ---
599 
 
 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
5. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Commodity Reference Price published 
on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other 
person responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 
calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Commodity as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business 
Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Commodity Reference Price in respect of the Securities will be valued by reference to rolling futures 
contracts each of which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In 
such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract 
and for each following day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Futures 
Contract for the purposes of the Commodity Reference Price. On each Futures Rollover Date, the 
Calculation Agent will select another Futures Contract and such contract shall be the Futures Contract 
for the purposes of the Commodity Reference Price until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. If 
on a Futures Rollover Date a Market Disruption Event or a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs 
and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a Futures Contract 
and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities then the provisions of 
Commodity Security Condition 3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Security Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index), as applicable, 
shall apply to the Securities.

--- Page 600 ---
600 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Index Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of 
Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index 
Securities set out below (the "Inflation Index Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other 
additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) 
the Inflation Index Security Conditions, the Inflation Index Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, five Business Days prior to such Valuation 
Date; 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish or announce the Relevant Level; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a redemption amount 
which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same 
day as the Settlement Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Settlement Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the Settlement Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Settlement Date, if no 
bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked 
bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent 
will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, 
if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation 
Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at 
the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged); 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for 
two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no Successor 
Index exists;

--- Page 601 ---
601 
 
 
"Index Modification" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating the Inflation Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index; 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Index Security Condition 4 below 
(Adjustments); 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which the 
level of the Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or 
announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Reference Level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms 
and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Settlement Date unless "Fallback Bond: Not 
applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the Settlement Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the 
issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled 
prior to its stated date of maturity; 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Inflation Index, in respect of 
any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Issuer in respect of such Valuation Date at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security the Relevant Level; 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 602 ---
602 
 
 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in Inflation Index Security Condition 3 below 
(Successor Inflation Index) and 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the Index Level 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Index Security Condition 2 below (Delay in 
Publication). 
"Valuation Date" means the Remuneration Valuation Date(s) and/or the Settlement Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
Delay in Publication 
2.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Valuation Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Issuer with respect to such Valuation Date (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Index Security Condition 4.2 below 
(Substitute Inflation Index Level) as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level⁄Reference Level); 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; and 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level.

--- Page 603 ---
603 
 
 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) of any Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Index Security Condition 2 will 
be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
3. 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation 
Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Securities as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding successor 
index determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
(c) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation 
Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the 
responses received state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred.

--- Page 604 ---
604 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Inflation Index Securities. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the Successor Inflation 
Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Securityholders of the Inflation Index 
Securities by the Issuer in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4. 
Adjustments 
4.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Index Security Condition 3 
above (Successor Inflation Index), the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to the final Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or 
any other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any 
such adjustment in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation 
Index Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above, the Calculation Agent may make any 
adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (a) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in 
accordance with Inflation Index Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above and/or (b) the 
Remuneration Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or any 
other relevant term of the Securities, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that if Inflation Index Level Adjustment 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to 
make any such adjustment in accordance with this Inflation Index Security Condition 4.2 if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the delay in publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but 
substantially, alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the Index 
Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation Index Security 
Condition 4.6 below (Index Modification), later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, 
the ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer 
Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or announced up to and 
including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Valuation Date will be valid and the 
revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive

--- Page 605 ---
605 
 
 
Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any 
valid revision in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Valuation Date in respect of which a Relevant 
Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Valuation Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a 
manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any relevant Remuneration Amount 
and/or the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or any other relevant term 
of the Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such 
adjustment and/or amount in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Valuation Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the Calculation 
Agent may either (i) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or 
determination under the Inflation Index Securities and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be 
deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (ii) to make any 
adjustment to any relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount payable under 
the Securities (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Securities as it deems appropriate as a result 
of the announcement or publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Securityholders of any determination in respect of (i) or (ii), together with any adjustment or amount in 
respect thereof, in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment in 
accordance with this Inflation Index Security Condition 4.3 if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
delay in publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the 
Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date 
4.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, (whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or 
otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the 
Cash Settlement Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including the date on which 
any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments 
to any relevant Cash Settlement Amount and/or any Remuneration Amount and/or any other relevant 
term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, provided that if Currency Adjustment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment if

--- Page 606 ---
606 
 
 
the Calculation Agent determines that the event affecting the Specified Currency or the Settlement 
Currency was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of the Securities 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of 
any such adjustment in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may 
make (a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any adjustments as are 
made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased 
Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or 
(b) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased, and in each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to any 
relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if 
any) and/or any other term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither 
(a) nor (b) above would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may settle each Security 
on a date notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), in which event the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder in respect of each such Security, an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
date of settlement taking into account the rebasing, less, unless if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs. Notice of any adjustment, settlement of the 
Securities or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.6 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Index Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (i) if Related Bond is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any 
Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including, without limitation, the Cash 
Settlement Amount payable under the Securities), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related 
Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, or (ii) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, make only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any 
Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Inflation Index Securities (including, without limitation, 
any relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities), 
as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 607 ---
607 
 
 
manner for the modified Index to continue as the relevant Inflation Index and to account for the 
economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-
Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either to ignore such 
Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to such Valuation Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to 
have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Remuneration Payment Date and/or 
Settlement Date, such that the provisions of paragraph (a) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the 
Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with paragraph (a) above. 
4.7 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
elect for the Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or relevant 
level using, in lieu of a published level for that Inflation Index, the level for that Inflation 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating that Inflation Index last in effect prior to cancellation; 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, settle all but not some only of the Securities 
on the date notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) in which event the Issuer will pay to each 
Securityholder in respect of such Security held by him an amount equal to fair market 
value of a Security as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of settlement 
taking into account the Index Cancellation, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, payment being made 
in such manner as shall be notified to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a);  
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder

--- Page 608 ---
608 
 
 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Cancellation constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Inflation Index Security Condition 4.7(b)(v) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement.

--- Page 609 ---
609 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Currency Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of 
Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Currency 
Securities set out below (the "Currency Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional 
terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Currency 
Security Conditions, the Currency Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions  
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Alternative Currency and/or Alternative 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event has occurred; 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a

--- Page 610 ---
610 
 
 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Digital Level" means:  
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date specified for 
such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means:  
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means:

--- Page 611 ---
611 
 
 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Alternative Currency and/or Alternative Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) 
on the relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the relevant price source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a

--- Page 612 ---
612 
 
 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 613 ---
613 
 
 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Base Currency and Alternative Currency or Alternative Currencies; 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Averaging Date, Strike Day, Strike Date, FX Averaging Dates, 
FX Digital Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Observation Date, Knock-out Observation Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in

--- Page 614 ---
614 
 
 
respect of such date), in each case, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the Remuneration Valuation Date(s) and/or the Settlement Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, 
if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither 
Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency 
Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which 
the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
2. 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Alternative Currency 
and/or Alternative Currencies, shall be a Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; or 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) (if 
applicable) or (c) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event

--- Page 615 ---
615 
 
 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption 
Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Settlement 
Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions 
specified in either (a), (b) or (c) below. 
(a) 
if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the 
relevant Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any Settlement Price Date) or Valid 
Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or Strike Day) unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the originally scheduled Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day in 
which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already a Settlement Price Date) and may determine the 
Settlement Price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level for the 
Alternative Currency as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(b) 
(i) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and unless any of Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of 
Security being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security 
taking into account the Disruption Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Security, taking into account the Disruption Event, as the 
case may be less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the

--- Page 616 ---
616 
 
 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Currency 
Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the 
Disruption Event (the "Calculated Currency Disruption Amount Determination 
Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Currency Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Currency Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the 
Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
(iii) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder calculated and paid on such 
date determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(a);  
(iv) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Holder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(b); or 
(v) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder calculated and paid on such 
date determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(c); or 
(vi) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Settlement Valuation 
Date, and if the Calculation Agent determines that such Disruption Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Currency Security Condition 3(b)(vi) is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held by 
such Holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other 
than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market

--- Page 617 ---
617 
 
 
value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Holders on 
the date notified to the Holders in the notice of early settlement; 
(c) 
Unless Disruption Event Postponement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any payment 
date related to such Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date 
would, in the ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price Source), as the case may be 
(including the Settlement Date) until the Business Day following the date on which a Disruption 
Event is no longer subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect 
of such postponement. 
4. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security in respect of an Alternative Currency and a 
Settlement Price Date, and subject to Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption 
Event) above, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at 
the Valuation Time on such Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such Alternative Currency into 
the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Alternative Currency for 
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Alternative Currency/Base 
Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), Provided That if the relevant rate of exchange is derived 
from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as provided above acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of each 
such rate of exchange. 
5. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to these Currency Security Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means in relation to each Security an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price for 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date (as defined in Currency 
Security Condition 1) or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(as defined in Currency Security Condition 1). If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no such 
price can be determined, other than as a consequence of the occurrence of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as the Daily Settlement Price on such date, 
having regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported Daily Settlement Price and 
such other factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant.

--- Page 618 ---
618 
 
 
For the purpose of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price 
Valuation applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily 
Settlement Price of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange.  
If Futures Price Valuation applies, the Disrupted Day provisions in the General Security Conditions 
and/or these Currency Security Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded 
Contract. 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the futures contract determined pursuant to Currency Security Condition 6 (Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Alternative Currency and Base 
Currency (the "Currency Pair") to which it relates, (b) the ISIN or any other unique identifier of such 
contract, (c) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (d) (i) if the 
Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the expiry month of such contract or (ii) if the 
Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of each such contract and the 
Futures Rollover Date. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any day on which the relevant Futures or Options Exchange is open 
for trading during its respective regular trading session(s). 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner within the period (the "Futures Rollover Period") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 619 ---
619 
 
 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current 
Exchange-traded Contract. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Exchange-traded Contract, the period of Exchange 
Business Days following a trade in such Exchange-traded Contract on the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Futures or Options 
Exchange. 
Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events) and Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences 
of a Disruption Event) will not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references to "Alternative Currency" in the definition of "Underlying 
Reference" in the General Security Conditions, Formulas Conditions (except for the definition of 
"Underlying Reference" for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts and Fixed Income Remuneration 
Rates) is deemed to be a reference to a "Current Exchange-traded Contract". 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Currency Pair that have expiry 
months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or prior to the Issue 
Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until 
the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each 
Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-trade Contract and such 
contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Currency Security Condition 7 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded 
Contract) or Currency Security Condition 8 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Securities then: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Securityholder in respect of each Security, being settled equal to the fair market value of 
such Security taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-

--- Page 620 ---
620 
 
 
traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
or 
(b) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security taking into account the 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement 
Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) 
the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Settlement 
Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 
greater, the Protected Amount. 
7. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
8. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer 
may take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described 
in (b) below: 
(a) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security, being settled equal to the fair market value of such Security 
taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 621 ---
621 
 
 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security 
taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment 
Amount") as soon as practicable following the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Settlement Date shall settle 
each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal 
Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount; or 
(b) 
 
(i) replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected 
Exchange-traded Contract") with a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the 
"Substitute Exchange-traded Contract") which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has 
similar contract specifications to those of the Affected Exchange-traded Contract and 
(ii) make such adjustments to adjust the terms of the Securities as it determines acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate to preserve 
the economic position of the Securityholders prior to such replacement. Such 
replacement will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and specified in 
the notice referred to below. The Substitute Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed 
to be an "Exchange-traded Contract" for the purposes of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Securities the Calculation Agent will adjust 
any relevant terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), of any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Currency Security Condition 8 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal

--- Page 622 ---
622 
 
 
Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), shall make 
available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
9. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, 
within the number of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original 
publication, the Daily Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid.

--- Page 623 ---
623 
 
 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Fund Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities 
(the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Securities set out below 
(the "Fund Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Fund Security Conditions, the Fund 
Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day; 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or more 
Funds comprising the Fund Basket, as the case may be, which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary 
Fund Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund 
Basket, as the case may be, equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, the 
date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Settlement Date or Termination Date, as 
the case may be; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund;  
"Fund Basket" means, where the Fund Securities are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of more 
than one Fund, a basket comprising such Fund Shares;

--- Page 624 ---
624 
 
 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single Fund 
Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) 
shall apply; 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket, as the case may be and (ii) on 
which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund 
Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could 
have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in 
respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or 
redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund 
Valuation Date;  
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund 
in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, 
as further described in any Fund Document; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other 
interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share;

--- Page 625 ---
625 
 
 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical 
Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter 
into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number 
of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would 
be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Securities; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the 
relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to 
the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any scheduled but 
unpaid payments under the Securities in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary 
Fund Event Effective Date to (and including) the Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds 
actually received from the redemption or sale of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility 
of the Fund Shares and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the earlier of (a) the date on which the Hedge Provider receives redemption 
proceeds in full in respect of its holding of Fund Shares (which for the avoidance of doubt, may be later 
than the scheduled Settlement Date) or (b) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 10 Fund Business Days. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or into another entity or person (other

--- Page 626 ---
626 
 
 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such 
Entity, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of 
an Entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or 
into another entity in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each 
case if the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or 
before the Final Calculation Date. For the purposes of this definition of "Merger Event" only, "Shares" 
shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the 
context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business Day, (i) 
the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported by the Fund 
Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or 
a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the 
number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of the related Fund Valuation Date;  
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, 
or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or 
other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 627 ---
627 
 
 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Security determined by the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Security determined as: 
(i) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
A. 
the greater of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
B. 
the Simple Interest. 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is not specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option 
Value; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a day is a 
Hybrid Business Day, a Fund Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security subject to the provisions of this Annex and as 
referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date", as the case may be:  
(i) 
in respect of Fund Securities relating to a single Fund, the relevant NAV per Fund Share; and  
(ii) 
in respect of Fund Securities relating to a Fund Basket, the sum of the values calculated in 
respect of each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund 
Share multiplied by the relevant Weighting.

--- Page 628 ---
628 
 
 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or the 
Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and including) the 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the later of (i) the Settlement 
Date or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination 
Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest 
rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. under which: 
A. 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
B. 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
C. 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
D. 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) 
or USD-Federal Funds-H.15 (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
E. 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
minus 0.125 per cent.; 
F. 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
G. 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
H. 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable"; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means:

--- Page 629 ---
629 
 
 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as applicable:  
A. 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
B. 
the Principal Protected Termination Amount; or  
C. 
the Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms,  
such amount to be payable on the Termination Date; or 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General 
Security Condition 20(a); or 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General 
Security Condition 20(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with General Security Condition 20(c); 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event or combination 
of Extraordinary Fund Events constitutes a force majeure, and if Fund Event Force Majeure is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of each Security 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account such 
event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are 
unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be 
deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of early settlement; 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and specified in the 
notice given to Securityholders in accordance with Fund Security Condition 4.2(c), or (ii) if Delayed 
Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Date; 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means the Remuneration Valuation Date(s) and/or Settlement Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Fund Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events

--- Page 630 ---
630 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Security Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events) 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
2.1 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any 
other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any 
proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; (iv)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-
clause (iv) (1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
2.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
2.3 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund Service 
Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any 
such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or

--- Page 631 ---
631 
 
 
other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service 
Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or 
proceedings could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or 
remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
2.5 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event 
occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, 
the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or 
undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on 
the value of the Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.6 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
2.7 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, including the 
underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any 
announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or 
deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
2.8 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), 
of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
2.9 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of the 
Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund Documents or to the Fund's 
liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund 
Shares issued by the Fund); 
2.10 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
2.11 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; 
2.12 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; or

--- Page 632 ---
632 
 
 
2.13 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential 
cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that 
such new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Securities;  
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
2.14 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.15 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.16 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.17 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.18 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any 
reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication Days 
following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause 
of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication; 
2.19 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described 
in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when such asset prices could have been 
obtained from independent sources and the asset prices from independent sources materially diverge 
from the asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents); 
2.20 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
2.21 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is inaccurate, or (ii) the 
reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
2.22 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
2.23 
(i) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in 
respect of the Fund, and/or (ii) the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, does not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share to be representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; 
Reporting Events:

--- Page 633 ---
633 
 
 
2.24 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be delivered or 
published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to cause to be 
delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been 
previously delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with 
the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems 
necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund 
Share; or 
2.25 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
2.26 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge 
Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in 
sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be 
deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event; or 
2.27 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present 
or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative 
or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, 
but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with 
respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to 
redeem any Fund Shares, (iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other 
relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an 
adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares, including any Hedge Provider;

--- Page 634 ---
634 
 
 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
2.28 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, 
or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that 
would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the 
relevant Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to 
maintain such hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a 
period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable 
efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to 
an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent 
that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
2.29 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once) 
would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
2.30 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions 
or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Share, in 
whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such 
Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share;  
2.31 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, the Hedge Provider directly or 
indirectly acquires any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is not subject to an 
exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule");

--- Page 635 ---
635 
 
 
2.32 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or 
funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities; or 
2.33 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider 
unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. 
of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the performance, size, 
investment strategy or liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge Provider holds an ownership interest in such Fund 
that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management; 
Dealing Events:  
2.34 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by 
the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its 
Fund Shares (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
similar provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) 
the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in 
specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge 
Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in 
any case it could in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations 
in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Securities, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole 
or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any 
time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
2.35 
in the case of Securities linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
2.36 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates any rebate 
agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any of its Affiliates; 
2.37 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, classes 
and/or sub-funds; 
2.38 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced or 
becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime 
brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes

--- Page 636 ---
636 
 
 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
2.39 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service 
Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody's Investors Service Inc., 
or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group 
(a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is 
downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded 
below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets 
from time to time; and 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined 
in paragraph (i) above) 
All of the events listed in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) will constitute an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, unless SC/FM Fund Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the events described in Fund Security Conditions 2.13, 2.17, 2.26, 2.27 (iv), 2.27 
(v), 2.28, 2.29, 2.30, 2.31, 2.32 and 2.34(iii) will not constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any 
event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than 
once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of 
such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event. The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if

--- Page 637 ---
637 
 
 
determined at that time, the action that the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary 
Fund Event pursuant to Fund Security Condition 4.2. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to 
take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the 
Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Securityholders of the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the 
Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until the 
Issuer has determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to Fund Security Condition 4.2. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described 
below in 4.2(a), (b) or (c) provided that, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred or is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with the 
provisions of Fund Security Condition 5 below (Settlement Date/Automatic Early Settlement Date/ 
Termination Date Extension), the Issuer shall determine that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is "Termination". 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund 
Share and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective 
date of such adjustment.  
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the Fund 
Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as soon as it 
is reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a Hypothetical 
Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full submitted by the Hedge 
Provider as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use

--- Page 638 ---
638 
 
 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in 
an alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), has similar characteristics to the Affected Fund, 
including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and 
investment processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking such index) 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or adjustments to these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of 
such Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the 
outstanding Securities shall be settled by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
5. 
Settlement Date/Automatic Early Settlement Date/Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Securities, if on the date falling four Business Days prior to the originally 
designated Settlement Date or Automatic Early Settlement Date, as the case may be, the Hedge 
Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund 
Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in 
full in respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone 
the Settlement Date or Automatic Early Settlement Date, as the case may be, and notify the 
Securityholders thereof in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and settle the Securities on the date falling not 
more than five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the 
"Postponed Settlement Date") by payment to each Securityholder of the Cash Settlement Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date,

--- Page 639 ---
639 
 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Securityholders thereof in accordance with the 
procedures set out in Fund Security Condition 4 above, and in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) and the provisions of Fund Security Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.  
In the case of Securities which pay a Remuneration Amount, if on the date falling four Business Days 
prior to Remuneration Payment Date, as applicable, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one 
or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the 
"Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) that such Remuneration Payment Date, has been postponed. As 
soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and the Issuer shall pay the Remuneration 
Amount in respect of the Remuneration Amount Period, as the case may be, ending on or immediately 
preceding the Remuneration Payment Date, as the case may be, on the date falling not more than five 
Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed 
Payment Date") and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay, provided that, if 
the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and 
including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine that an 
Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and 
shall notify Securityholders thereof in accordance with the procedures set out in Fund Security 
Condition 4 above (Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event), and in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) and the provisions of Fund Security Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.

--- Page 640 ---
640 
 
 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Futures Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of 
Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities 
set out below (the "Futures Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and 
conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions and (ii) the Futures Security Conditions, 
the Futures Security Conditions shall prevail. References in the Future Security Conditions to "Security" and 
"Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "Security" or "Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Futures" means a basket composed of each Future specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Future(s); 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s), at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Exchange Business Day (All Futures 
Basis) or Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 641 ---
641 
 
 
Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprised in a Basket 
of Futures, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange in respect of such Future is open for trading during its regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the 
ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures 
on the Exchange; 
"Future" or "Futures" means, subject to adjustments in accordance with this Annex 10, in the case of 
an issue of Securities relating to a single Future, the futures contract and, in the case of an issue of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, each futures contract, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Futures Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures 
Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprising the Basket 
of Futures, any day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s);

--- Page 642 ---
642 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Future, the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the Future on the Exchange on which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules 
of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security subject to the provisions of this Annex and as referred to in "Averaging Date", "Observation 
Date", "Strike Date" or "Valuation Date" as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Futures Securities relating to a Basket of Futures and in respect of each Futures 
comprising the basket, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Futures Securities relating to a single Future, an amount equal to the official 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to the Futures on the Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Future or a Basket of 
Futures, in respect of a Future the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, or an Observation Date, a 
Valuation Date or the Strike Date. 
3. 
Adjustments to a Future

--- Page 643 ---
643 
 
 
3.1 
Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing 
If, on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last Averaging Date, (a) the 
relevant Exchange makes or announces that it will make a material change in the conditions of the 
Future(s) (a "Futures Modification"), (b) the relevant Exchange replaces the Future by a new Future 
contract to be substituted to the Future (a "Futures Replacement") or (c) the relevant Exchange 
announces that the relevant Future cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union) (a "Futures De-Listing" and, together with 
a Futures Modification and a Futures Replacement, each a "Futures Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Futures Modification or a Futures Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner if such 
Futures Modification or Futures Replacement has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, 
shall use the Future(s) so modified or replaced in lieu of the initial Future with respect to the 
relevant Securities; or 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Futures Adjustment Event, Highest 
Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may settle the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so settled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of a 
Security, taking into account the Futures Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Unwind Costs, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Futures Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Security taking into account the Futures Adjustment 
Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Unwind Costs (the "Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount") as soon 
as practicable following the occurrence of the Futures Adjustment Event (the 
"Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Settlement Date shall settle each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date to 
but excluding the Settlement Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time 
or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in

--- Page 644 ---
644 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(a);  
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders\ in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with General Security 
Condition 20(c); or 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Futures Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Futures Security Condition 3.1(b)(vi) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), settle all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Securities at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the 
Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of early 
settlement. 
3.2 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), of any determination made by it pursuant to 
paragraph 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing) above and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of

--- Page 645 ---
645 
 
 
CREST Dematerialised Securities), shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any 
such determinations. 
4. 
Correction of Futures Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Future(s) 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange 
within the number of days equal to the Futures Correction Period of the original publication, the price to 
be used shall be the price of the relevant Future(s) as so corrected. Corrections published after the day 
which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.

--- Page 646 ---
646 
 
 
 
ANNEX 11 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Underlying Interest Rate Securities shall comprise the terms and 
conditions of Securities (the "General Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities set out below (the "Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions"), in 
each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General 
Security Conditions and (ii) the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions, the Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Conditions shall prevail. References in the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions to "Security" 
or "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "Security" or "Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple Underlying Interest Rate will be 
calculated separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Underlying Interest 
Rate Security Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options, the Designated Maturity is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(4) 
the Calculation Period is a period from, and including, Calculation Period Start Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to, but excluding, the Underlying Interest Determination 
Date; 
(5) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Compounding Method is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 647 ---
647 
 
 
(ii) Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(iii) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days are the days, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iv) Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if applicable) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(6) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so, 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(iii) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iv) Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so, 
(x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, 
and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions ;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if applicable) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 648 ---
648 
 
 
(7) 
If an Index Floating Rate Option and an Index Method is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) All-in Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (z) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(8) 
in connection with the Index Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (A) numbers, 
financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references 
to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final 
Terms; (B) “Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day; (C) “Floating Rate Day 
Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count Fraction; (D) “Period End 
Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; 
(E) “Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Underlying Interest 
Determination Date; and (F) “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to, and the 
Calculation Period Start Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(9) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms and the relevant delay is 
the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed Payment in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(10) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted unless 
“ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(11) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) shall not apply. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Swap Transaction”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, 
“Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight Compounding Method”, “Compounding with 
Lookback”, “Lookback”, “Applicable Business Days”, “Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift”, “Set-in-Advance”, “Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, 
“Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Lockout”, 
“Lockout Period Business Days”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, “Averaging with 
Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout”, “Index

--- Page 649 ---
649 
 
 
Method”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Compounded Index Method”, “All-in Compounded 
Index Method” “Compounded Index Method with Observation Shift”, and “Delayed Payment” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rates other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON and CMS  
Subject to the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 below, if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(A) 
if the Underlying Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Underlying 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate as the rate it 
determines would have prevailed but for such non-availability or other event acting in good 
faith and using its reasonable judgment. 
4. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being CMS 
Subject to the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 below, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be determined, and CMS is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms such Underlying Interest Rate, will subject as provided below, be the CMS Rate multiplied by 
the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
relevant Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that 
the Underlying Reference Rate may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Underlying 
Interest Determination Date shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest

--- Page 650 ---
650 
 
 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
For the purpose of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 4: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Relevant Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Reference Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant Currency is Sterling, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Relevant 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Remuneration Determination Date(s)", "Margin", "Rate Multiplier", 
"Relevant Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings given 
to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 651 ---
651 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
5. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being SONIA  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SONIA is specified as the Underlying Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 5: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable) is the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking Days specified 
as the “Observation Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 652 ---
652 
 
 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable), the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference 
Rate shall, subject to subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate 
Replacement), be: 
(A) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Underlying Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 5, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which 
applied to the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Underlying 
Interest Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.  
6. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being SOFR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified as the Underlying Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate for each Underlying Interest 
Determination Date will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR plus or minus (as

--- Page 653 ---
653 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Underling Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 6: 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR 
in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, to and including the last US Government 
Securities Business Day in such period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m.

--- Page 654 ---
654 
 
 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
subject to the provisions below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
Subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Underlying Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 6, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that 
which applied to the last preceding relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute 
discretion, in accordance with standard market practice.  
7. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being €STR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and €STR is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 7: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference

--- Page 655 ---
655 
 
 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
“do” means the number of T2 Settlement Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such T2 Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank 
as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the T2 
Settlement Day immediately following such T2 Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, 
or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European 
Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for the relevant T2 Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant T2 Settlement Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last T2 Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any T2 Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such T2 Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following T2 Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“p” for any latest Observation Period, means the number of T2 Settlement Days specified as the 
“Observation Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9, if, where any Underlying Reference Rate is to 
be calculated pursuant to this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 7, in respect of any T2 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been

--- Page 656 ---
656 
 
 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such T2 
Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding T2 Settlement Day in respect 
of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9, if the Underlying Reference Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Condition 7, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which applied to the last preceding 
relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the 
Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.  
8. 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SARON is specified as the Underlying Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 5: 
“Compounded Daily SARON”, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of SIX Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant SIX Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last SIX Business Day in such period;

--- Page 657 ---
657 
 
 
“SIX Business Day” or “SIXBD” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which is not marked 
as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar published by SIX Swiss 
Exchange; 
“ni” for any SIX Business Day “i”, in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following SIX 
Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of SIX Business Days specified as 
the “Observation Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON Reference Rate” means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) rate for such SIX Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the SIX Business Day immediately following such SIX Business Day; and 
“SARONi” means the SARON Reference Rate for the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON only 
compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The SARON Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by applying the SARON 
Reference Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SARON Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SARON Reference Rate shall, 
subject to subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), be 
the SARON Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding SIX Business Day on which the SARON 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
Subject to Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the 
Underlying Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 5, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which 
applied to the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Underlying 
Interest Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination

--- Page 658 ---
658 
 
 
Date, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice. 
9. 
Benchmark Rate Replacement  
Notwithstanding the provisions in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that (i) a Benchmark Rate Event has 
occurred and (ii) the relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date will fall on or prior to the day 
which would have been (but for the occurrence of the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date) an 
Underlying Interest Determination Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
in respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after the Benchmark 
Rate Event Effective Date, the Underlying Reference Rate will be substituted by the 
Underlying Successor Rate (as adjusted in accordance with the Adjustment Spread, if any) for 
determining any amount due to the Securityholders under the Securities; 
(2) 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) will determine the adjustments (if any) 
to be made to the provisions of the Securities as it deems necessary in order the Underlying 
Successor Rate to be used for determining any amount due to the Securityholders under the 
Securities; 
(3) 
the Issuer shall, prior to the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, give notice to the 
Securityholders of the relevant Benchmark Rate Event, the Underlying Successor Rate and the 
adjustments (if any) made according to the sub-paragraph (2) above, in accordance with the 
General Security Condition 8 (Notices) ; and 
(4) 
if the relevant Benchmark Rate Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to General Security Condition 13.1, the 
provisions of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement) 
will apply. 
For the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 9: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent), determines is 
required to be applied to the Underlying Successor Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Underlying 
Successor Rate and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement 
of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Underlying Successor Rate; or

--- Page 659 ---
659 
 
 
(ii) 
in absence of any recommendation by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent), determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions in relation to the 
replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Underlying Successor Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate for the replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate 
with the Underlying Successor Rate. 
"Benchmark Rate Event" means: 
(i) 
the administrator of that Underlying Reference Rate, or a person acting on behalf of that 
administrator, has issued a public statement, or has published information, in which it is 
announced that that administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that Underlying 
Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that Underlying Reference Rate is calculated  and 
which correspond to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or the publication of 
the information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide that 
Underlying Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(ii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Underlying Reference Rate or any entity 
with insolvency or resolution authority over such administrator has issued a public statement, 
or has published information, in which it is stated that the administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide that Uderlying Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that Underlying 
Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond to the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of 
the statement or the publication of the information, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide that Underlying Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(iii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Underlying Reference Rate has issued a 
public statement, or has published information, in which it is announced that that Underlying 
Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative 
of the underlying market and economic reality that Underlying Reference Rate is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
it has or will become unlawful (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable) for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Securityholder using that Underlying Reference Rate.  
“Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate Event:

--- Page 660 ---
660 
 
 
(i) the first day on which the Underlying Reference Rate or the relevant tenor is no longer published 
or provided, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in one of the events or circumstances 
described in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(ii) the first day on which the Underlying Reference Rate is no longer representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that Underlying Reference Rate is intended to measure (even if the 
Underlying Reference Rate continues to be published or provided), if the Benchmark Rate Event 
occurred consists in the issuance or publication of the statement or information under sub-
paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(iii) the first day on which is no longer lawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Underlying Reference Rate, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the event under sub-
paragraph (iv) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Underlying Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Underlying Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Underlying Successor Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference Rate in relation to which a 
Benchmark Rate Event has occurred, the rate formally designated, nominated or recommended as the 
replacement rate for that Underlying Reference Rate by the administrator of such Underlying Reference 
Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body in the most recent statement or publication preceding the 
relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, provided that, in presence of two or more rates each of 
which has been formally designated, nominated or recommended by the administrator of such 
Underlying Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body as a replacement rate for that Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Replacement Rate will be one of such rates as selected by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in case of 
occurrence of a Benchmark Rate Event in respect of “EURIBOR”, according to the recommendations 
published on 11 May 2021 by the Working Group on euro risk free rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (the “2021 WG Recommendations”), the Underlying 
Successor Rate for such rate will be (provided that the 2021 WG Recommendations are not superseded 
or replaced by any subsequent statement or publication by the administrator of the relevant Reference

--- Page 661 ---
661 
 
 
Rate or any Nomination Body) €STR to be calculated in accordance with the methodology 
recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body. 
10. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined, which if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be deemed to be a Scheduled Trading Day 
for the purposes of determining whether such day is a Hybrid Business Day (the "Underlying Interest 
Determination Date"), determine the Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms). The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
11. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate Security Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate Security Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 662 ---
662 
 
 
 
ANNEX 12 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Certificates specified in the 
Final Terms as Credit Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities (the "General Security 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities set out below (the "Credit Security 
Conditions") together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the Final Terms and subject to 
completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security Conditions 
and (ii) the Credit Security Conditions, the Credit Security Conditions shall prevail. A reference in these Credit 
Security Conditions to "the Final Terms" shall be construed as being a reference to the applicable Final Terms 
and for Credit Securities in respect of which more than one Reference Entity is specified, a reference to "the 
Reference Entity" shall be a reference to the applicable Reference Entity. 
1. 
General 
(a) 
Credit Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(i) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Settlement Date; 
(ii) 
the type of Credit Securities, being Single Reference Entity Credit Securities, Zero Recovery 
Credit Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Securities, Basket Credit Securities, Linear Basket 
Credit Securities, Tranched Credit Securities, Bonus Remuneration Credit Securities and/or 
First-to-Default Credit Securities, Combination Credit Securities; 
(iii) 
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(iv) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur and, 
in each case, the related Transaction Type (if applicable, by way of reference to a Relevant 
Annex); 
(v) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity (if applicable, by 
specifying "Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable"); 
(vi) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, Reference Entity Weighting in respect 
of each Reference Entity (save where such terms are set out in a Relevant Annex); and 
(vii) 
if the Certificates are Combination Credit Securities, the relevant information in sub-
paragraphs (ii) to (vi) above for each of: (a) provisions relating to remuneration; and (b) 
provisions relating to principal.

--- Page 663 ---
663 
 
 
(b) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Reference Entity, then the 
provisions of these Credit Security Conditions shall apply with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such Transaction Type, as though such 
Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Relevant Annex  
Where "Relevant Annex" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding Credit 
Security Condition 9 (Successors), Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Securities shall be 
as set out in such Relevant Annex (together with, in respect of each relevant Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as applicable, the Reference Entity Weighting), Reference 
Obligations and Substitute Reference Obligations) as set out in the Final Terms, or, as applicable, as 
determined and published from time to time by the relevant Index Sponsor. The Calculation Agent may 
rely on any determinations of the relevant Index Sponsor and neither the Issuer nor the Calculation 
Agent will have any liability to the Securityholders or any other person as a result of relying on any 
such determination.  
For Tranched Credit Securities that reference a Relevant Annex, if the Relevant Annex relates to 
version 2 or a later version of the relevant index then the Final Terms may specify a "Settled Entity 
Matrix" that determines the Loss Amount(s) and Recovery Amount(s) prior to the Trade Date. No 
amounts will be payable in respect of such Loss Amount(s) or Recovery Amount(s), they are only 
needed to work out the Aggregate Loss Amount and Aggregate Recovery Amount as at the Trade Date. 
(d) 
Additional Provisions 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions are 
applicable, these Credit Security Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions thereof. 
2. 
Settlement 
(a) 
Settlement at Credit Security Settlement Date 
The Issuer will settle each Credit Security on the related Credit Security Settlement Date (as such date 
may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Notional Amount (as reduced from time to time in accordance with the definition thereof) 
of such Certificate (together with remuneration, if any, payable thereon) unless the Credit Securities 
have been previously settled or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit Security 
Conditions 2(b), 2(d) or 2(e)). 
Where the Outstanding Notional Amount of any Credit Security is reduced to zero, then upon the 
performance by the Issuer of any remaining obligations in respect of the Credit Security (including 
pursuant to Credit Security Condition 2(b), such Credit Security shall be deemed to have been settled in

--- Page 664 ---
664 
 
 
full without further payment. In the case of Tranched Credit Securities, settlement shall be in 
accordance with Credit Security Condition 5 (Tranched Credit Securities) below. 
(b) 
Settlement following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, the Issuer 
will: 
(i) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, make payment in respect of each 
Credit Security of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Auction 
Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the Issuer shall 
perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in accordance with the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, perform its obligations in respect 
of each Credit Security in accordance with Credit Security Condition 7 (Physical Settlement); 
and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, make payment in respect of each 
Credit Security of its pro rata share of the Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
Where the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, if an Event Determination Date occurs 
with respect to a Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect 
to a prior Event Determination Date in relation to such Reference Entity and no Fallback Settlement 
Event occurs with respect to a subsequent Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall, if it so elects on 
or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, settle the Credit Securities pursuant to the 
occurrence of the subsequent Event Determination Date in accordance with this Credit Security 
Condition 2(b) by Auction Settlement. 
This Credit Security Condition 2(b) shall not apply, and the Issuer shall have no obligations hereunder 
in respect of Zero Recovery Credit Securities. Consequently, if the Credit Securities are Zero Recovery 
Credit Securities, upon the occurrence of any Event Determination Date Secuirtyholders will not 
receive any payment or delivery upon settlement of the Credit Securities pursuant to these Credit 
Secuity Conditions except for any remuneration due pursuant to Credit Condition 3 (Remuneration). 
(c) 
Settlement at Maturity 
Where "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as applicable, payment of any Outstanding Notional 
Amount, Auction Settlement Amounts or Credit Event Cash Settlement Amounts, as applicable, shall 
be deferred until the later of the Credit Security Settlement Date and the last Auction Settlement Date or 
Cash Settlement Date or Delivery Date occurred determined in respect of any Reference Entity (and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the General Security Conditions or these Credit Security

--- Page 665 ---
665 
 
 
Conditions, no additional remuneration shall be payable on any payment of any amount which is so 
deferred). 
(d) 
Settlement following a Merger Event 
If this Credit Security Condition 2(d) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in the event that: 
(i) 
"Reference Entity/Securityholder Merger " is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in the 
event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Holder Merger has 
occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to give notice to the Holders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), and redeem all but not some only of 
the Credit Securities on the Merger Event Settlement Date, and if the Credit Securities are so 
settled or, as the case may be, cancelled, the Issuer shall pay an amount to each Securityholder 
in respect of each Credit Security, which amount shall be the fair market value of such Credit 
Security taking into account the Merger Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including without limitation any 
Credit Unwind Costs), all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(ii) 
"Reference Entity/Issuer Merger" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in the event 
that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Issuer Merger has 
occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to either:  
(A)  
redeem the Credit Securities in accordance with (i) above; or  
(B)  
replace the relevant affected Reference Entity/ies (the "Affected Reference 
Entity/ies") respectively, with Similar Reference Entity/ies. In such event, the costs 
of the Issuer arising in connection with any re-hedging of such substitution may be 
recovered through an adjustment to the remuneration payable on the Credit Securities 
and/or any settlement amounts payments payable under the Credit Securities. The 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), of the 
decision taken by the Issuer and any adjustments made to the terms of the Credit 
Securities. Details of any adjustment or decision made in relation to the above may be 
obtained by the Securityholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified 
address. 
(e) 
Additional Credit Securities Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Credit Securities Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuer may settle all but not some of the Credit Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Credit Securities are so settled, the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Credit Security equal to the fair

--- Page 666 ---
666 
 
 
market value of such Credit Security taking into account the Additional Credit Securities Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Suspension of Obligations 
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer 
otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders) from the date of such DC 
Credit Event Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available Information is available or that a Credit 
Event has occurred), any obligation of the Issuer to settle and make payments in respect of any Credit 
Security (including pursuant to Credit Security Condition 2(b) (and the timing requirements of the Cash 
Settlement Date, Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, Physical Settlement 
Period and any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it relates to the relevant Reference 
Entity, or pay any remuneration amount which would otherwise be due thereon or any obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any remuneration amount (in each case, regardless of whether any such 
remuneration relates to the relevant Reference Entity), shall, insofar as it relates to the relevant 
Reference Entity, be and remain suspended until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any action in 
connection with the settlement of the Credit Securities, in each case insofar as they relate to the relevant 
Reference Entity, or in connection with the payment of any applicable remuneration on the Credit 
Securities, nor, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, shall 
the Calculation Agent be obliged to take any action in connection with the calculation of any 
remuneration amount (in each case, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension" applies, regardless of whether any such remuneration relates to the relevant Reference 
Entity). Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so 
suspended shall resume on the Credit Security Business Day following such public announcement by 
ISDA, with the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the suspension began. Any remuneration amount so suspended shall, subject 
always to Credit Security Condition 3(a), become due on a date selected by the Calculation Agent 
falling not later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional remuneration shall be payable on any payment of 
remuneration or any other amounts which are deferred in accordance with this Credit Security 
Condition 2(f). 
(g) 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Settlement  
If the Credit Securities are partially settled, the relevant Credit Securities or, if the Credit Securities are 
represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial

--- Page 667 ---
667 
 
 
settlement. Upon such partial settlement, the Outstanding Notional Amount of each Credit Security 
shall be reduced for all purposes (including calculation of remuneration amounts thereon but without 
duplication with any cessation of remuneration accrual pursuant to Credit Security Condition 3(a) 
accordingly. 
Settlement of any Credit Security in accordance with this Credit Security Condition 2 (Settlement), 
together with payment of remuneration, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of 
the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
(h) 
Basket Credit Securities where the Final Terms specify a Distribution End Date  
If a Distribution Period Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity and any 
Basket Credit Securities, Credit Security Conditions 2(b) (Settlement following Event Determination 
Date), 2(c) (Settlement at Maturity), and 7 (Physical Settlement) shall not apply and the following 
provisions shall apply (and for clarification, in respect of such Credit Securities, in the event of any 
inconsistency between the following and the remainder of the Credit Security Conditions, the following 
shall prevail): 
(a) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period Settlement" applies: 
(i) 
irrespective of the applicable Settlement Method, the Issuer will settle each 
outstanding Credit Security in part, on the fifth Business Day following the 
Distribution End Date in an Outstanding Notional Amount corresponding to such 
Credit Security's pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount by 
making a payment in respect of each Credit Security equal to its pro rata share of the 
related Reference Entity Notional Amount. For this purpose, in the case of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, Credit Security Condition 11 (a) (Multiple Credit Event Notices) shall 
not apply; and 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no further Event Determination Date may occur in respect 
of such Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Settlement at Maturity" applies: 
(i) 
with effect from such Distribution Period Event Determination Date, such Reference 
Entity shall no longer be treated as a Reference Entity for the purpose of these Credit 
Security Conditions and no further Event Determination Date may occur with respect 
thereto, including where the Event Determination Date relates to a Restructuring 
Credit Event in respect of which an Exercise Amount has been determined; and 
(ii) 
no adjustment shall be made to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of 
any other Reference Entity as a result of the above (notwithstanding the definition 
thereof); or

--- Page 668 ---
668 
 
 
(c) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period Event Determination Date 
Disapplication" applies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Security 
Conditions, any Distribution Period Event Determination Date which occurs with respect to a 
Reference Entity shall not be treated as an Event Determination Date for the purpose of these 
Credit Security Conditions and only Event Determination Dates which occur on or after the 
Distribution End Date shall be treated as Event Determination Dates for the purpose of these 
Credit Security Conditions. 
(i) 
Credit Linked Remuneration Only 
If Credit Linked Remuneration Only is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit 
Security Condition 3 (Remuneration) will apply to the Securities, but Credit Security Condition 2(a), 
Credit Security Condition 2(b) and Credit Security Condition 2(c) will not apply. Unless the Credit 
Securities have previously been settled or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit 
Security Conditions 2(d) (Settlement following a Merger Event) or 2(e) (Additional Credit Securities 
Disruption Events)) the Issuer will settle each Credit Security on the relevant Credit Security Settlement 
Date by payment of the original Notional Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Remuneration  
(a) 
Calculation of Remuneration Amount 
In the case of Credit Securities which are not Remuneration Reset Credit Securities and which are 
specified in the Final Terms to pay remuneration amounts, such remuneration amounts shall be 
calculated on the daily Outstanding Notional Amount of each Credit Security as the same may be 
reduced from time to time in accordance with the Credit Security Conditions. Security Condition 22 
(Remuneration) shall be construed accordingly in relation to Credit Securities. Upon the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, the Outstanding Notional Amount of 
each Credit Security shall, for the purposes of the calculation of remuneration amounts thereon, be 
deemed to have been reduced in an amount equal to such Credit Security's pro rata share of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount, (or in the case of Tranched Credit Securities of the corresponding 
Writedown Amount) (such reduction amount, the “Reduction Amount”) with effect from and including: 
(i) 
if "Remuneration to Remuneration Payment Date" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Remuneration Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination 
Date (or, in the case of the first Remuneration Payment Date, the Remuneration 
Commencement Date); or  
(ii) 
if "Remuneration to Event Determination Date" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
such Event Determination Date. 
In the case of Credit Securities which are Remuneration Reset Credit Securities and which are specified 
in the Final Terms to pay remuneration amounts, such remuneration amounts shall be calculated on the

--- Page 669 ---
669 
 
 
Notional Amount of each Credit Security and, (a) the Final Terms shall specify a coupon rate (being a 
percentage) in respect of each Reference Entity (each such coupon rate percentage, a "Reference Entity 
Coupon Rate") in respect of such Credit Securities, and (b) in respect of a Remuneration Period, the 
Remuneration Rate applicable in respect of each day of such Remuneration Period shall be the sum of 
the Adjusted Reference Entity Coupon Rates in respect of the Reference Entities in respect of which an 
Event Determination Date has not occurred, 
where: 
"Adjusted Reference Entity Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, a fraction 
calculated as the product of (i) the Reference Entity Coupon Rate applicable in respect of such 
Reference Entity and (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity; and 
"Remuneration Reset Credit Securities" means Credit Securities which are specified in the Final 
Terms as Remuneration Reset Credit Securities. 
(b) 
Remuneration following Scheduled Settlement 
Subject always to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount), if an 
Extension Notice has been given (other than pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of "Extension 
Notice"), the Remuneration Amount on each Credit Security which is outstanding following the 
Scheduled Settlement Date shall be calculated as if such Credit Security continues to bear remuneration 
on its daily Outstanding Notional Amount from (and including) the Scheduled Settlement Date to (but 
excluding) the related Credit Security Settlement Date at a remuneration rate equal to either: 
(i) 
the rate that Mediobanca or Mediobanca International would pay to an independent customer 
in respect of overnight deposits in the currency of the Credit Securities; or 
(ii) 
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (d) of the 
definition thereof, no remuneration shall be paid with reference to the period from (and including) the 
Scheduled Settlement Date to (but excluding) the related Credit Security Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Remuneration Payment Dates 
Subject to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount), if the Credit 
Securities are settled in full pursuant to the General Security Conditions or these Credit Security 
Conditions, the Scheduled Settlement Date, the Credit Security Settlement Date (if not the Scheduled 
Settlement Date), the last Auction Settlement Date occurred, the last Cash Settlement Date occurred or 
the last Delivery Date occurred, as the case may be, shall be the final  Remuneration Payment Date in 
respect of each Credit Security and the Issuer shall pay any remuneration calculated as if it was accrued 
and unpaid in respect of each Credit Security on such Remuneration Payment Date.

--- Page 670 ---
670 
 
 
(d) 
Subject to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount), if the Credit 
Securities are partially settled following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Reference Entity, the Remuneration Amount(s) payable in respect of each outstanding Credit Security 
in respect of the Remuneration Period in which such an Event Determination date occurs shall be 
calculated pursuant to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount) and shall 
be paid as follows: 
(i) 
if “Remuneration to Remuneration Payment Date” is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, any Remuneration Amount(s) payable on each outstanding Credit Security shall be 
paid on the next following Remuneration Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if “Remuneration to Event Determination Date” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
and 
(X) 
“Remuneration Paid at Remuneration Payment Date” is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, any Remuneration Amount(s) payable on each outstanding Credit Security 
shall be paid on the next following Remuneration Payment Date; or 
(Y) 
“Remuneration Paid at Settlement Date” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
then (i) on the relevant Auction Settlement Date, Cash Settlement Date or Delivery 
Date, as the case may be, the Issuer shall pay for each Credit Security a portion of the 
Remuneration Amount(s) (the “Settled Remuneration Amount”) calculated on the basis 
of a Remuneration Period running from (and including) the Remuneration Payment 
Date immediately preceding that Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first 
Remuneration Payment Date, the Remuneration Commencement Date) up to (but 
excluding) such Event Determination Date and on the basis of a notional amount equal 
to the Reduction Amount, and (ii) on the next following Remuneration Payment Date 
the Issuer shall pay for each Credit Security the Remuneration Amount(s) calculated 
pursuant to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount) for 
the relevant Remuneration Period minus the Settled Remuneration Amount already paid 
on the relevant Auction Settlement Date, Cash Settlement Date or Delivery Date, as the 
case may be. 
(e) 
Hybrid Remuneration Securities 
(i) 
If Hybrid Remuneration (Simple) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount) and 3(b) (Remuneration 
following Scheduled Settlement) will not apply for the purpose of the calculation of the 
Remuneration to be calculated in accordance with the provisions of General Security Condition 
22(c) (Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates) (the “Linked Remuneration”). The Linked 
Remuneration will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of General Security 
Condition 22(c) (Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates) on the basis of the terms and the 
original Notional Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 671 ---
671 
 
 
(ii) 
If Hybrid Remuneration (Credit) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit 
Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Remuneration Amount) will apply for the purpose of 
the calculation of the Linked Remuneration. The Linked Remuneration will be calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of General Security Condition 22(c) (Linked Remuneration 
Amount Certificates) on the basis of the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notional Amount as reduced according to Credit Security Condition 3(a) (Calculation of 
Remuneration Amount). 
 
(f) 
Bonus Remuneration Credit Securities 
If the Credit Securities are Bonus Remuneration Credit Securities, an additional amount shall be 
payable on either: 
(i) 
where "Final Payment" is specified as the applicable Bonus Remuneration Type in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Credit Securities Settlement Date; or 
(ii) 
where "Running Basis" is specified as the applicable Bonus Remuneration Type in the relevant 
Final Terms, the specified Bonus Remuneration Payment Dates, 
in relation to the Credit Securities in an amount equal, in respect of each Credit Security, to the initial 
Notional Amount thereof multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Remuneration Rate, and where the 
Running Basis is applicable, multiplied by the Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction. 
4. 
First-to-Default Credit Securities and Nth-to-Default Credit Securities 
(i) 
Where the Credit Securities are First to Default Credit Securities, Credit Security Condition 2 
(Settlement) and 3 (Remuneration) shall apply upon the occurrence of the first Event Determination 
Date in respect of any Reference Entity. 
 
(ii) Where the Credit Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Securities, an Event Determination Date shall not 
be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Security Condition 2 (Settlement) and Credit Security 
Condition 3 (Remuneration) unless and until the number of Reference Entities in respect of which an 
Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to N (as specified in the Final Terms). Unless "Multiple 
Default Trigger" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, with effect from such date, no Event 
Determination Date shall occur in respect of any other relevant Reference Entity. Where "Multiple 
Default Trigger" is specified as applicable, the provisions of Credit Security Condition 2 (Settlement) 
and Credit Security Condition 3 (Remuneration) shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event 
Determination Date until, if M is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to M (as 
specified in the Final Terms).  
5. 
Tranched Credit Securities

--- Page 672 ---
672 
 
 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of Credit Securities that are Tranched Credit Securities. 
For clarification, in respect of such Credit Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between the 
following and the remainder of the Credit Security Conditions, the following shall prevail: 
(i) 
Unless the Credit Securities have been previously settled in full or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to any Credit Security Condition), the Issuer will settle each Tranched 
Credit Security on the Credit Security Settlement Date by payment of an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Notional Amount of such Credit Security (together with remuneration, if any, 
payable thereon) plus if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, its pro rata share of the 
Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount, provided that (unless Credit Security Condition 2(b) is 
specified not to be applicable in the Final Terms or the Final Price is specified in the Final 
Terms) if an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, (A) a Settlement Preliminary Amount will 
be payable on the Credit Security Settlement Date and a Settlement Residual Amount will be 
payable on the Final Settlement Date, and (B) the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if 
any) in respect of each Tranched Credit Security shall be payable on the Final Settlement Date 
instead of the Credit Security Settlement Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no remuneration 
amount shall be payable in respect of any Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount or any 
payment or postponement of payment thereof. 
(ii) 
If the Outstanding Notional Amount of any Tranched Credit Security is reduced to zero, such 
Credit Security will be settled in full, by payment of an amount equal to its pro rata share of 
the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) on the Final Settlement Date, and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, no remuneration amount shall be payable in respect of any Aggregate 
Incurred Recovery Amount or any payment or postponement of payment thereof) and the 
Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such Credit Securities.  
(iii) 
Credit Security Condition 3(b) (Remuneration following Scheduled Settlement) shall not apply, 
and no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Settlement Date. No 
remuneration shall be payable in respect of any postponement of the payment of any 
remuneration, settlement amount, Auction Settlement Amount, Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amount or any other amounts.  
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(A) 
without prejudice to the sub-paragraphs below, that a Credit Event has occurred or 
may occur on or prior to any Remuneration Payment Date;  
(B) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to any 
Remuneration Payment Date; 
(C) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to any 
Remuneration Payment Date;

--- Page 673 ---
673 
 
 
(D) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
any Remuneration Payment Date; or 
(E) 
(unless Credit Security Condition 2(b) is specified not to be applicable in the Final 
Terms or the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms) that an Unsettled Credit 
Event has occurred,  
then remuneration (if any) on such Tranched Credit Security shall be calculated on an 
Outstanding Notional Amount as reduced by its pro rata share of the sum of : (i) the maximum 
Incurred Loss Amounts and (ii) the maximum Incurred Recovery Amounts (if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms), which could be determined (assuming an Auction Final Price, 
Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero) (a "Deemed Remuneration Reduction") 
with effect from and including the Remuneration Payment Date (or, if none, the Remuneration 
Commencement Date) immediately preceding the date of such determination or (in the case of 
the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit Event) the relevant date applicable pursuant to Credit 
Security Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual). In such case, the related Remuneration 
Shortfall Amount (if any) shall be payable on the related Remuneration Shortfall Payment 
Date. No remuneration shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of payment of 
any Remuneration Shortfall Amount or any other remuneration or other amounts. 
(v) 
If any day is a Final Price Calculation Date with respect to more than one Reference Entity, the 
Loss Amount, the Recovery Amount, the Incurred Loss Amount and the Incurred Recovery 
Amount (if applicable) with respect to each Reference Entity shall be calculated in the order 
that either of the following events occurred with respect to such Reference Entities: (i) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, the first 
Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the relevant DC Credit 
Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available Information, in each case in accordance 
with the "Credit Event Resolution Request Date" definition, shall be deemed to have satisfied 
this condition first) or (ii) the delivery of the Credit Event Notice (provided that if any of the 
relevant Credit Event Notices are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
6. 
Combination Credit Securities and Hybrid Credit Securities 
(a) 
Combination Credit Securities 
Where the Credit Securities are Combination Credit Securities, amounts payable in respect of 
remuneration thereon and by way of settlement thereof (including, for clarification, pursuant to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event), and the dates on which such amounts fall to be paid, will be calculated:

--- Page 674 ---
674 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of remuneration, as though the Credit Securities were of the type specified in the 
Final Terms under the heading "Credit-linked Remuneration Type" and as further specified in 
the Final Terms under the heading "Terms relating to Credit Linked Remuneration"; and 
(ii) 
in the case of amounts payable on settlement of the Credit Securities, as though the Credit 
Securities were of the type specified in the Final Terms under the heading "Credit-linked 
Principal Type" and as further specified in the Final Terms under the heading "Terms relating 
to Credit Linked Principal". 
Where the Credit Securities are subject to settlement in full in circumstances where, pursuant to the 
above, further amounts are or may be payable subsequently in respect of remuneration thereon, then, 
only to the extent required by the terms of any relevant clearing system in order to permit payment of 
such remuneration, each Credit Securities shall be deemed to remain outstanding in an amount equal to 
one unit of the Specified Currency. No payment shall be made in respect of such outstanding amount, 
and each Credit Securities which is deemed to be outstanding on such basis shall be cancelled in full on 
the last date for payment of remuneration thereon. 
(b) 
Hybrid Credit Securities 
Where Hybrid Securities (Principal) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms provide that "Credit Underlying Override" is applicable, then any 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Credit Securities (or, as applicable, the relevant 
portions of the Notional Amounts thereof) following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date shall be as determined pursuant to these Credit Security Conditions and related provisions 
of the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that "Non-Credit Underlying Override" is applicable, then the 
obligations of the Issuer following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date shall 
continue to be subject to any provision for early redemption of the Credit Securities arising in 
connection with the relevant Underlying Reference; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify that "Adjusted Redemption Calculation Basis" is applicable, then 
any reference to the "Calculation Amount" for the purpose of determining any amount payable 
on redemption of the Securities shall be to the Outstanding Notional Amount; and  
(iv) 
if no Event Determination Date occurs, references in Credit Security Condition 2(a) to 
settlement by payment of the Outstanding Notional Amount of the Credit Securities shall be a 
reference to redemption by payment of the final payment determined in connection with the 
relevant Underlying Reference. 
7. 
Physical Settlement  
(a) 
Delivery and payment

--- Page 675 ---
675 
 
 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Security, then, upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to 
Credit Security Condition 7(b), Credit Security Condition 7(c) and Credit Security Condition 7(f), 
settlement such Credit Security in full (or, where such Credit Security is a Basket Credit Security or 
Linear Basket Credit Security, in part, in an Outstanding Notional Amount corresponding to such Credit 
Security's pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount), respectively, by: 
(a) 
Delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; and 
(b) 
paying such Credit Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment 
Rounding Amount. 
(b) 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver or, 
due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or any Securityholder, it is impossible or illegal for the 
Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations (other 
than a Deliverable Obligation described in paragraph (d) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation") 
specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the 
related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery. If any Undeliverable Obligations have not 
been delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash 
Settlement shall apply with respect to such Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the Issuer shall 
pay the relevant Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, other than as a result of an event or circumstance 
contemplated in Credit Security Condition 7(b) above (including following the occurrence of a Hedge 
Disruption Event), such failure shall not constitute an event of default or breach of agreement for the 
purpose of the Certificates and the Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have not 
been Delivered, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Deliverable Obligations 
and the Issuer shall pay to the Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.  
(d) 
Aggregation and Rounding

--- Page 676 ---
676 
 
 
Where a Securityholder holds Credit Securities in an Outstanding Notional Amount greater than the 
Specified Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be 
Delivered in respect of the Credit Security of such Securityholder shall be aggregated for the purposes 
of this Credit Security Condition 7. If the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations 
to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Securities to be settled pursuant to this Credit Security 
Condition 7(d) on any occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) 
of such Deliverable Obligations then the Outstanding Principal Balance of Deliverable Obligations to 
be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if 
none, to zero. In such circumstances, the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being 
Delivered shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such other agent as may be 
appointed by the Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make payment in 
respect of each Credit Security in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds 
as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
(e) 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Security 
Condition 7 (Physical Settlement) shall be made in such manner as the Issuer shall determine, in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the 
definition of "Deliver": 
(i) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment or novation 
(where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans) or 
participation (where Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations) shall be 
payable by the relevant Securityholders, and if any stamp tax or transaction tax is payable in 
connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations, payment thereof shall be made 
by the relevant Securityholders; and  
(ii) 
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations 
shall be for the account of the Securityholders or the Issuer, as appropriate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with then current market conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating to 
such Delivery or transfer payable by the Securityholders pursuant to (i) and/or (ii) above, as applicable, 
have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice  
Where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets 
specified as being due to it in this Credit Security Condition 7(f) upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date and delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement unless it has presented or

--- Page 677 ---
677 
 
 
surrendered (as is appropriate) the relevant Credit Security and delivered a Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice in accordance with General Security Condition 21.1 (Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice Requirement). For so long as the Credit Securities are held in any clearing system, 
any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the 
information required in a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice will be treated as a Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice. For as long as Bearer Securities are represented by a Global Security, surrender of 
Credit Securities for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Security and its 
endorsement to note the Outstanding Notional Amount of Credit Securities to which the relevant a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice relates. 
Where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this this Credit Security Condition 7(f) will not apply to the relevant Securities and the 
manner in which the Issuer will pay or deliver assets or amounts due to the Securityholder under Credit 
Security Condition 7 will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics 
(a) 
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the related 
Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If: 
(i) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or "Not 
Bearer" is specified in the related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; 
(iii) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required 
Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Final Terms or is applicable in respect 
of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such

--- Page 678 ---
678 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(iv) 
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified in the Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(c) 
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or 
categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect of the 
relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", 
"Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law".  
(iii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type 
from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated or Matured" and "Not Bearer". 
(iv) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Security Condition 8 apply in respect 
of the definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits. 
(d) 
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect

--- Page 679 ---
679 
 
 
at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(e) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
respect of a Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(f) 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in Credit Security Condition 11(b) (Mod R) and Credit Security Condition 11(c) 
(Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination 
shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event. 
(g) 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to 
fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(h) 
Accrued Interest 
With respect to any Credit Securities for which: 
(i) 
"Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final Terms (or 
for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final 
Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final Terms (or if 
Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall include accrued but unpaid interest;

--- Page 680 ---
680 
 
 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as 
applicable, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if 
applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(iii) 
Credit Security Condition 7(b) (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility or Illegality) or 
Credit Security Condition 7(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) is applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of 
the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
(i) 
Asset Package Delivery 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If the "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is applicable in respect of a Reference 
Entity, then, notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists 
with respect to such Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has 
been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
9. 
Successors 
(a) 
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(i) 
Subject as set out in Credit Security Condition 1(c) (Relevant Annex), the Calculation Agent 
may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect from the Succession Date, any 
Successor or Successors under the definition of "Successor"; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has 
publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations.

--- Page 681 ---
681 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under the definition of "Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a 
Successor) on the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor 
under the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of 
a single succession. 
(ii) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(I) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(II) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(III) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(iii) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(iv) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint 
Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as 
direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it 
shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or 
guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(b) 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Credit Securities are Single Reference Entity Credit Securities and a Succession Date has 
occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, each such Credit Security will be deemed for 
all purposes to have been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into the same number of new 
Credit Securities as there are Successors with the following terms:

--- Page 682 ---
682 
 
 
(i) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new Credit 
Securities; 
(ii) 
in respect of each deemed new Credit Security, the Reference Entity Notional Amount will be 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity divided by 
the number of Successors; and 
(iii) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Securities will be replicated in each 
deemed new Credit Security except that the Calculation Agent shall make such modifications 
as it determines are required in order to preserve the economic effects of the original Credit 
Securities in the deemed new Credit Securities (considered in aggregate). 
(c) 
First-to-Default, Nth-to-Default, Linear Basket  
Where the Credit Securities are First-to-Default Credit Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Securities or 
Linear Basket Credit Securities: 
(i) 
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one Successor has been 
identified, each such Credit Security will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, 
with effect from the Succession Date, into a number of new Credit Securities equal to the 
number of Successors. Each such new Credit Security shall include a Successor and each and 
every one of the unaffected Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit Security Condition 
9(b) (i) to (iii) (inclusive) shall apply thereto; 
(ii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any Reference 
Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the 
Succession Date) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the "Legacy Reference 
Entity") pursuant to a Succession Date, such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed to be 
a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the Surviving 
Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) would 
be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Date: 
(A) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Basket Credit Securities and Tranched Credit Securities

--- Page 683 ---
683 
 
 
Where the Credit Securities are Basket Credit Securities or Tranched Credit Securities, and one or more 
Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a related 
Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the Succession Date: 
(i) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described 
in (ii) below); 
(ii) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity which 
is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Securities which 
it determines may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Credit Securities prior to 
the Succession Date (considered in the aggregate); and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, be 
represented by multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for the Successor(s) of such 
Reference Entity. 
10. 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities, CoCo Supplement and Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Supplement 
(a) 
LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entity" is 
applicable: 
(i) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation 
and any Underlying Loan; 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Credit Security Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Security Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and

--- Page 684 ---
684 
 
 
(v) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity. 
(b) 
Provisions relating to CoCo Supplement 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity if the "CoCo Supplement" is 
applicable: 
(i) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to 
constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within paragraph (a) of the definition thereof. 
(ii) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes. 
(iii) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger 
Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference Entity (or if 
no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as 
described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
(c) 
Provisions relating to Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement 
If the "Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement" is specified in the Final Terms as applicable in 
respect of a Reference Entity, then: 
(i) 
Credit Deterioration Requirement shall be applicable; and 
(ii) 
Fallback Discounting shall be applicable.  
11. 
Restructuring Credit Event 
(a) 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity:

--- Page 685 ---
685 
 
 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise Amount") provided that if the 
Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount; 
(ii) 
the provisions of these Credit Security Conditions (including, without limitation, as to the 
determination of any Auction Settlement Amount, Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount and 
Loss Amount) shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate Outstanding Notional Amount of 
Credit Securities equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed 
accordingly; and 
(iii) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, 
if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity Notional Amount is 
denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount. 
If any Credit Security is subject to partial settlement in accordance with this Credit Security Condition 
11, the relevant Credit Security or, if the Credit Securities are represented by a Global Security, such 
Global Security shall be endorsed to reflect such partial settlement. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a First-to-Default Credit Security, once a 
Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the first occurring M(M)R Restructuring. In the case of an Nth-
to-Default Credit Security, if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the Nth 
Reference Entity, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any 
Reference Entity other than the Nth Reference Entity. In the case of a Linear Basket Credit 
Security (including Nth to Default Linear Basket Credit Securities), the fact that an M(M)R 
Restructuring has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a 
Credit Event Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity, provided that if in respect of an 
Nth to Default Linear Basket Credit Security, no Credit Event Notice may be served in respect 
of a number of Reference Entities exceeding M. 
(b) 
Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related 
Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod R" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in 
a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is

--- Page 686 ---
686 
 
 
a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, 
a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed 
specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the 
Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable 
Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation: 
(A) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and  
(B) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date,  
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the 
Relevant Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Mod Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related 
Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod Mod R" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in 
a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is 
a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, 
a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed 
specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the 
Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
for purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on 
or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to 
be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately 
prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If the relevant Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as applicable, the relevant Valuation Obligation selected, is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, 
where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical 
Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have 
been refused), the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the relevant Securityholders of 
such refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i) 
each such Securityholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate of 
such Securityholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and

--- Page 687 ---
687 
 
 
(ii) 
if a Securityholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the date 
which is three Credit Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Issuer will redeem the Credit Securities for which Delivery has not occurred, by payment of 
the relevant Partial Cash Settlement Amount to such Securityholder. For the avoidance of 
doubt Credit Security Condition 7(b) will not apply to this paragraph. 
(d) 
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final maturity date 
shall, subject to Credit Security Condition 11(c) (Mod Mod R), be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making 
such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation 
that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
(e) 
Multiple Holder Obligations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, if 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" is applicable the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of 
the events described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, provided that any 
obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Multiple Holder Obligation". 
12. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Securities 
(a) 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Credit 
Security Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders. Unless otherwise expressly stated, the Calculation 
Agent is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. If the Calculation 
Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee it may do so without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent 
in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Credit Securities 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct

--- Page 688 ---
688 
 
 
and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or 
forbearance. 
(b) 
Reversal of DC Resolutions 
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Securities has been made by the 
Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a DC Resolution, ISDA 
publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such 
reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent calculations, provided that the 
ISDA public announcement occurs prior to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date (or where 
redeemed in part, save to the extent of any such redemption). The Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to 
take account of such reversal, including any payment of additional remuneration or any reduction in any 
remuneration or any other amount payable under the Credit Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
accruals of remuneration shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment.  
(c) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these Credit 
Security Conditions from time to time with effect from a date designated by the Calculation Agent to 
the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards or market 
trading conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of leading dealers in the credit derivatives 
market or any relevant ISDA committee, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation or 
the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction or any Hedge Transaction entered into prior to such date or terms thereof. The Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any 
such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of 
the Issuer, amend, pursuant to this Credit Security Condition 12(c) any of the terms and conditions of 
the Credit Securities other than the Credit Security Conditions. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure 
consistency with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are published by ISDA and 
which supersede the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, for the purposes of credit derivatives 
transactions generally (including with respect to transactions which are entered into prior to the relevant 
date of publication and which are outstanding as of that date) and/or may apply and rely on 
determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee made in respect of a relevant 
Reference Entity under any such Successor Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy between the 
terms of such Successor Provisions and these Credit Security Conditions. 
This Credit Security Condition 12(c) shall apply unless the related Final Terms specifies that "Change 
in Standard Terms and Market Conventions" is not applicable. 
(d) 
Delivery of Notices

--- Page 689 ---
689 
 
 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available 
Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent informs the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) provided that any failure or delay in giving such notice to Securityholders shall not affect the 
rights of the Issuer in relation thereto. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
are, as of the date hereof, available on ISDA's Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org) (or any successor website thereto). 
(e) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Security Condition 12(d) above which is delivered on or prior to 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered after such time 
or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following London 
Business Day.  
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been 
delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  
(f) 
Excess Amounts  
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount has been 
paid to Securityholders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the determination of an 
Excess Amount to the Issuer and Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices), the Issuer may deduct any such Excess Amount from future payments in relation to the Credit 
Securities (whether interest or principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets deliverable under the 
terms of the Credit Securities to the extent that it determines, acting reasonably, to be necessary to 
compensate for such Excess Amount.  
(g) 
Provisions Relating to Timing 
Subject to Credit Security Condition 12(e) and Credit Security Condition 12(h), in order to determine 
the day on which an event occurs for purposes of the Credit Security Conditions, the demarcation of 
days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference 
Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(h) 
Payment Timing  
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Security Condition 12(g) (Provisions 
Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case 
may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be 
deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of 
payment.

--- Page 690 ---
690 
 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention; provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event Backstop Date or the 
Successor Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
(j) 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Securities will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void 
or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(ii) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to 
exist on or following, the Trade Date 
(k) 
Rounding 
Any amount payable under these Credit Security Conditions shall be rounded downwards to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant currency.  
13. 
Definitions 
Definitions for certain terms found within the Terms and Conditions can be found in the ISDA 
Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as supplemented by the Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement, the CoCo Supplement and/or the Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement, as the case may be. 
In these Credit Security Conditions: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws. 
"Additional Credit Securities Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the Final Terms. 
"Additional LPN" means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for 
the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) 
Underlying Loan; or

--- Page 691 ---
691 
 
 
(b) 
Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(I) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of 
the Reference Entity; or 
(II) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such 
LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic 
Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of 
the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group 
Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-
cds.html. 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA for use 
in the over-the-counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity which may include: 
(a) 
the Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities, as published by ISDA on 
15 September 2014; or 
(b) 
any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Security Condition 9(d) above. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of 
a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
"Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities and any 
date, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to:

--- Page 692 ---
692 
 
 
(a) the aggregate of any Incurred Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up 
to and including such date; minus  
(b) the sum of all Aggregate Unwind Costs (for the avoidance of doubt, without double counting).  
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities and any date, the aggregate 
of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including such date. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities and any date, the 
aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including 
such date. 
"Aggregate Unwind Costs" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of "Credit Unwind 
Costs".  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realized or capable of 
being realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset 
Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Reference Entity, a Restructuring,

--- Page 693 ---
693 
 
 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect 
of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, the value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Issuer in the Auction Settlement Amount Notice. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Credit Securities which are not specified in the Final Terms to be ‘Partially 
Protected Credit Securities’ and any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PP, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C])]) 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and 
"PP" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount.

--- Page 694 ---
694 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to any Credit Securities which are specified in the Final Terms to be ‘Partially 
Protected Credit Securities’ and any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PP, N + Max [0, Min (R, [(R × B) – C])]) 
where: 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); 
“N” means the Non-Credit Linked Percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
"PP" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
"R" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount Credit Linked Percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices), on or prior to the date 
which is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option 
Cut-off Date) specifying: 
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the 
Issuer has elected to apply to the Credit Securities (provided that the Issuer may only elect to 
apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (for purposes of which all Deliverable 
Obligations (as defined in respect of the Final List) on the Final List will be Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations) in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the 
definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); and 
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by the Issuer 
of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) (or, if Credit Security Condition 2(b) is 
specified not to be applicable in the Final Terms or if the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the 
date falling fifteen Credit Security Business Days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement). 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 695 ---
695 
 
 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) above. 
"Basket Credit Securities" means any Credit Securities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of which the relevant Issuer purchases credit protection in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is 
in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans),

--- Page 696 ---
696 
 
 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money 
obligation. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Bonus Remuneration Attachment Point" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Bonus Remuneration Credit Securities" means any Credit Securities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Bonus Remuneration Day Count Fraction" means the relevant day count fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and to be read as though the terms relating to Day Count Fraction apply thereto; 
"Bonus Remuneration Detachment Point" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
"Bonus Remuneration Determination Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, or if not 
specified, the relevant Final Price Calculation Date. 
 
"Bonus Remuneration Implicit Portfolio Size" means the amount specified as such in the Final 
Terms.  
 
"Bonus Remuneration Payment Date(s)" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
"Bonus Remuneration Writedown Rate" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to 
a Reference Entity, the Incurred Loss Amount (if any) divided by the initial Notional Amount (the 
Incurred Loss Amount for such purpose only, to be determined as though the Attachment Point, 
Detachment Point and Implicit Portfolio Size were respectively references to the Bonus Remuneration 
Attachment Point, Bonus Remuneration Detachment Point and Bonus Remuneration Implicit Portfolio 
Size and further assuming that for such purpose, references in the definitions of Incurred Loss Amount 
and, if Incurred Recoveries are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, to Outstanding Notional 
Amount is to the initial Notional Amount multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Remuneration Rate). 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Capped Reference Entity" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, a Reference Entity 
having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which "60 Business Day Cap on Settlement" is 
expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
"Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three Business Days) immediately following 
the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if Credit Security Condition 2(b) (Settlement 
following Event Determination Date) is specified not to be applicable in the Final Terms or if the Final 
Price is specified in the Final Terms, the date falling fifteen Credit Security Business Days following 
the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement).

--- Page 697 ---
697 
 
 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or 
the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Securities or it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Credit Securities; 
or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Credit 
Securities in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the 
Credit Securities. 
"CoCo Supplement" means the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014.  
"Combination Credit Securities" means any Credit Security specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of 
the Relevant Valuation Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be 
a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if 
the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such 
novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified as applicable 
to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic

--- Page 698 ---
698 
 
 
shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Loans. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with respect to the 
Credit Securities in the Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to the 
Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions 
in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, 
Obligation 
Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring 
or 
Governmental 
Intervention as specified with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the Final Terms. The Credit 
Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means:

--- Page 699 ---
699 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Credit Securities which are not specified in the Final Terms to be ‘Partially 
Protected Credit Securities’ and any Reference Entity and unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PP, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C]))] 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Price or such other price specified therein; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and  
"PP" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
(b) 
in relation to any Credit Securities which are specified in the Final Terms to be ‘Partially 
Protected Credit Securities’ and any Reference Entity and unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PP, N + Max [0, Min (R, [(R × B) – C]))] 
where: 
"B" means the means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the Final Terms, 
the Final Price or such other price specified therein;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); 
“N” means the Non-Credit Linked Percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
"PP" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
"R" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount Credit Linked Percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer that describes a Credit 
Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation Period 
End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension

--- Page 700 ---
700 
 
 
Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in 
respect of the full Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date has 
occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need 
not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms or, 
if no such date is specified, the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Securities" means Certificates linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities. 
"Credit Security Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or 
places and on the days specified for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, and/or (ii) a T2 
Settlement Day (if "TARGET" or "T2 Settlement Day" is specified with respect to such Reference 
Entity), or (b) if a place or places or such terms are not so specified, (i) if the related Reference Entity 
Notional Amount is denominated in the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal 
financial city in the jurisdiction of the currency of denomination of the related Reference Entity 
Notional Amount. Business Days referenced in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall be deemed to be 
Credit Security Business Days. 
"Credit Security Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may 
be) for which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the 
Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Securityholder or its Affiliate or as may otherwise be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Security Settlement Date" means either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Settlement Date; or

--- Page 701 ---
701 
 
 
(b) 
where an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date falling two London 
Business Days prior to the Scheduled Settlement Date, the date falling two Business Days after 
the latest to occur of the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period, the expiry of the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period or the latest date on which it would be possible for the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to deliver a Credit Event Notice under paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii) of the definition 
of "Event Determination Date". 
"Credit Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or if "Standard Credit Unwind 
Costs" are specified in the Final Terms (or in the absence of such specification), an amount (such 
amount prior to any apportionment pro rata, the "Aggregate Unwind Costs"), determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of 
funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the exercise, settlement, cancellation 
and/or termination of the Credit Securities (and/or the reduction in the Outstanding Notional Amount 
thereof) and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction, such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding principal amount outstanding of each Credit 
Security. Any reference in the Conditions to the Credit Unwind Costs as the sum to be deducted from 
any amount due by the Issuer must be construed and read as (i) the sum to be deducted from that 
amount, if the Credit Unwind Costs are a positive number or (ii) the sum to be added to that amount, if 
the Credit Unwind Costs are a negative number. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation that is denominated in a 
currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency 
using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) 
using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised 
Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount into the currency of denomination of the relevant 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either:

--- Page 702 ---
702 
 
 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing 
Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date 
that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation 
Period End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to 
Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in 
the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.

--- Page 703 ---
703 
 
 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Settlement Date, a Delivery Date, the Credit Security 
Settlement Date or other settlement date of the Credit Securities or the date on which instructions are 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such settlement or any date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, of termination, settlement, replacement or re-
establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge Transaction (or entry into a binding commitment in 
respect of any of the foregoing) by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), as applicable. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. At the date hereof, ISDA is the DC 
Secretary. 
"Deemed Remuneration Reduction" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Security Condition 
5(iv). 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a 
Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means:  
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation 
and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) 
and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the Issuer or the Securityholders, as the case 
may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the Reference 
Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation 
in favour of the Issuer or the Securityholders, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the 
Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, (A) "Deliver" means to 
Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap and (B) those claims shall be deemed to be Deliverable 
Obligations). "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly.

--- Page 704 ---
704 
 
 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time, provided further that the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall include any market advisory that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such 
documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment 
obligations of the parties hereunder. The Issuer agrees, and each Securityholder is deemed to 
further agree, that compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation 
shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this 
definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery 
should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall be permitted to request 
that any party take nor shall the Issuer or any Securityholder be required to take, any action or 
make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise 
contemplated by such documentation. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliver" and the relevant provisions on delivery shall be 
deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a 
Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is 
zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date 
on which the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) has notified the Securityholders of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the 
definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make 
Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery 
of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations;

--- Page 705 ---
705 
 
 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable 
Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject to Credit Security 
Condition 8 (Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in respect of the Reference Entity, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. If any of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more 
than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies 
any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum 
Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 706 ---
706 
 
 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered under 
paragraph (b)(iii) of the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Detachment Point" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, the value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Securityholder that provides each Securityholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified 
share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Securityholder and either: 
(a) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) (in either case, to the extent that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable), is then a lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Distribution End Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Distribution Period Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Basket Credit Securities and 
any Reference Entity, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date with respect to such Reference 
Entity prior to the Distribution End Date. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity and any 
successor currency thereto. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful 
currency and any successor currency of: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion

--- Page 707 ---
707 
 
 
of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each 
case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS 
Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralized debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (II) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least USD 100,000,000: 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by 
an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; and 
(d) 
any: 
(i) 
Sovereign; or

--- Page 708 ---
708 
 
 
(ii) 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event:  
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding sub-paragraph 
(a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date), either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either:  
A. 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(I) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
B. 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(I) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date; or  
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including 
the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is 15 
Business Days thereafter, 
provided that: 
(i) 
no Physical Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) has occurred on 
or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(ii) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion

--- Page 709 ---
709 
 
 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amount, if any, with respect to which no Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(iii) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
A. 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is 
also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date;  
B. 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such 
Credit Event Notice was less than the then outstanding Reference Entity 
Notional Amount; or 
C. 
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are 
identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent 
that, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event that, but for such DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, prior to the DC Resolution 
Reversal Cut-off Date. 
Where the Credit Securities are Basket Credit Securities, Tranched Credit Securities or Nth-to-Default 
Credit Securities and an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference 
Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the order in which such Event 
Determination Dates occurred acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner. 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Securityholders but which was not due on the Credit 
Securities, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, Event Determination Date 
or Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which the amount in question would 
otherwise have been required to be paid or as a result of any Writedown Amount not having been taken 
into account. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and

--- Page 710 ---
710 
 
 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of 
determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further 
Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Security Condition 11(a)(i). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
15 Credit Security Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if 
any; 
(c) 
15 Credit Security Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(d) 
15 Credit Security Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves.  
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th Credit Security Business Day following the 
Physical Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the 
Original Bonds or Original Loans (or Assets which form part of the Asset Package intended to 
be Delivered in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (the 
"Original Assets"), or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof), may not be received 
by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the Extended Physical Settlement Date 
but the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge 
Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain such Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other 
Bonds or Loans in lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu 
thereof on or before the date falling three Credit Security Business Days (in a case where

--- Page 711 ---
711 
 
 
Original Bonds may be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement 
Date) or ten Credit Security Business Days (in a case where Original Loans or other Loans or 
Bonds in lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof 
may be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after the 
Extended Physical Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up to 
three Credit Security Business Days or ten Credit Security Business Days, respectively, after 
the original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation 
Agent may determine; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may select, 
provided that such date falls no later than the 120th Credit Security Business Day following the 
Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such selection, such 120th Credit Security 
Business Day. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in relation 
to any Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; and  
(iii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof; 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if: 
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable in relation to any Reference Entity; 
and 
(ii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (c) of the definition thereof. 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer giving notice of the 
following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has occurred or 
may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation 
Period End Date; or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or

--- Page 712 ---
712 
 
 
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period.  
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. If “Credit Deterioration Requirement” is applicable with respect to a Reference 
Entity, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does 
not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, 
the Issuer has not delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution Date has occurred 
within three Business Days of such Event Determination Date. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List 
in respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
"Final Price" means:

--- Page 713 ---
713 
 
 
(a) 
the price specified in the Final Terms as being the Final Price with respect to a Reference 
Entity; or  
(b) 
the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, the Outstanding Amount of the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, determined in accordance with: 
(i) 
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance 
with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date (or, in 
the case of a relevant Asset other than Borrowed Money and other than a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, such other market value of the 
relevant Asset as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner); or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, 
the relevant Asset Market Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be 
zero. If the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price shall be the amount so specified. 
"Final Price Calculation Date" means an Auction Final Price Determination Date or, as the case may 
be, the date on which the Weighted Average Final Price or (as applicable) the Final Price is determined 
in respect of a particular Credit Event and the relevant Reference Entity.  
"Final Settlement Date" means the 10th Business Day following the latest to occur of the Final Price 
Calculation Dates in respect of the Reference Entities. 
"First Ranking Interest" means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", 
or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest 
may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN 
Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to 
the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit Security 
Dealers, each firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable) obtained from a Credit Security Dealer at the Valuation Time, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or,

--- Page 714 ---
714 
 
 
as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, 
as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation 
Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation 
be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity (private 
or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the 
financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; 
or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in (i) to (iii). 
"Governmental Intervention" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means 
of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in 
each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
A. 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
B. 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
C. 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
D. 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation;

--- Page 715 ---
715 
 
 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) to 
(a)(iii) above. 
(b) 
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date 
and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace 
period and the period specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the 
euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date,

--- Page 716 ---
716 
 
 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
"Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether 
in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Securities. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, or is no longer permitted pursuant to 
its internal policies in relation to dealings with sanctioned entities or territories to (A) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect to the Credit Securities, or (B) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Credit 
Securities. 
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means an amount equal to the aggregate Notional Amount as at the Issue Date 
divided by the Tranche Size. 
"Incurred Loss Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, 
an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) 
the Loss Amount; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the related Loss Amount for that Reference Entity and 
Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Loss Threshold Amount on such Final Price 
Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum of 
zero; and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Notional Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect of that Reference 
Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Incurred Recovery Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation 
Date, an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) 
the Recovery Amount; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the related Recovery Amount for that Reference 
Entity and Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount on such Final

--- Page 717 ---
717 
 
 
Price Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum 
of zero; and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Notional Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect of that Reference 
Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange 
risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Credit Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Relevant Annex, the index sponsor (if any) specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Indicative Quotation" shall mean each bid quotation obtained from a Credit Security Dealer at the 
Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation 
equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Credit Security Dealer's reasonable assessment of 
the price of such Undeliverable Obligation based on such factors as such Credit Security Dealer may 
consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Interest" means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security 
interest or other type of interest having similar effect. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or 
will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will 
be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Potential Cash Settlement Event 
in respect of a Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans where "Partial Cash Settlement of Consent

--- Page 718 ---
718 
 
 
Required Loans", "Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" or "Partial Cash Settlement of 
Participations" is specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, the date that is 15 
Credit Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, or, in respect of any other Potential 
Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Security Condition 9(c)(ii) 
above. 
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is an M(M)R Restructuring, the first of 
March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following the 
date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year 
Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years 
or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Securities" mean Credit Securities which are specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which an Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Securities will be settled in part in 
accordance with Credit Security Condition 2 (Settlement). Linear Basket Credit Securities include Nth-
to Default Linear Basket Credit Securities which have become Linear Basket Credit Securities pursuant 
to the definition of "Nth-to-Default Linear Basket Credit Securities". 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange and, 
if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall be 
applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if specified 
as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Bonds. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) 
100 per cent., minus unless the Credit Securities are Zero Recovery Credit Securities, either (i) 
the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, the Weighted Average Final Price

--- Page 719 ---
719 
 
 
(or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price or such other price specified therein) for 
that Reference Entity as of such Final Price Calculation Date; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, an amount equal to the 
Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by the Attachment Point. 
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
"LPN Issuer" means the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation 
which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an Underlying 
Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
"M" means in relation to Nth-to-Default Credit Securities where "Multiple Default Triggers" is 
applicable, such number as may be specified in the Final Terms.  
"Max" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Credit Observation Period End Date, the Issuer: 
(a) 
becomes aware that (i) a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Securityholder ("Reference 
Entity/Securityholder Merger"), or  
(b) 
itself consolidates or amalgamates with or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to a Reference Entity ("Reference Entity/Issuer Merger"). 
"Merger Event Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Min" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets.

--- Page 720 ---
720 
 
 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means unless where specified in the Final Terms, the lower of: 
(a) 
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(b) 
the Quotation Amount. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as appliStephcable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation Period End Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation Period End 
Date. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves) or such earlier date as the Issuer may designate by notice to the Calculation Agent 
and the Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than 
three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is 
required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, in relation to "Nth-to-Default Credit Securities", such number as may be specified 
in such Final Terms.  
“Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement” means the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA on 15 July 2019. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPs 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation 
Obligations.

--- Page 721 ---
721 
 
 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit Event, 
the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the over-the-counter 
market and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following a prior public 
announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either: 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference Entity. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
(with a copy to the Issuer), to the Securityholders notifying that the Calculation Agent is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has 
not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective).

--- Page 722 ---
722 
 
 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its 
behalf). 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Not 
Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within 
that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such 
purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether 
such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for 
sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic 
Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club 
debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation or 
(II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable, an effective Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
date 15 Credit Security Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final

--- Page 723 ---
723 
 
 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of 
such date and the Exercise Cut-off Date).  
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Securityholders on or prior to the latest of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 25 Credit Security Business Days after the last to occur of 
the Auction Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, the last Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date and the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (in each case if any 
and if applicable); and 
(c) 
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms to the 
Calculation Agent by the Movement Option Cut-off Date, 5 Credit Security Business Days 
following such Movement Option Cut-off Date;  
(d) 
30 calendar days following the Event Determination Date; and 
(e) 
10 calendar days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or of the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal,  
(the "NOPS Cut-off Date") that: 
(i) 
confirms that the Issuer intends to settle the Credit Securities by Physical Settlement 
in accordance with Credit Security Condition 7(Physical Settlement), and 
(ii) 
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Securityholders, including the Outstanding 
Amount and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligations. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding Amount 
(or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the Settlement 
Valuation Date at least equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as applicable, Exercise 
Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may, from time to time, deliver to the 
Securityholders in the manner specified above a NOPS Amendment Notice. A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and 
shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount 
of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be 
determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical

--- Page 724 ---
724 
 
 
Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Issuer 
(given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date, and (ii) if Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) shall, prior to the Delivery 
Date, notify the Securityholders of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that it intends 
to Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
it being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.  
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. In relation to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". The notice must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Security and a Reference 
Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by the Issuer, as 
Buyer (defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating the terms of the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the Final Terms and if not, the Issue Date; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(c) 
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(d) 
the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of such 
Credit Security; and 
(e) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Security as 
it relates to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Security" means any Credit Securities specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 725 ---
725 
 
 
"Nth-to-Default Linear Basket Credit Securities" mean Credit Securities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities and in respect of which "Multiple Default Trigger" is specified as applicable 
and whereby such Credit Securities will become and shall be treated, under and for the purposes of 
these Credit Securities Conditions, as Linear Basket Credit Securities, until, if M is specified as 
applicable in its applicable Final Terms, the number of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred is equal to M. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in respect 
thereof and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect thereof, in each 
case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the 
DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of 
the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance as 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.

--- Page 726 ---
726 
 
 
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in relation to the 
Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for purposes of the Reference Entity (other than for the purposes of determining the 
Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in the Final Terms by reference to 
this definition, or (b) the Reference Entity is a Reference Obligation Only Trade. 
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable. 
"Outstanding Bonus Remuneration Rate" means the rate equal to either:  
(a) if "Final Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Remuneration Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) less the aggregate of all Bonus Remuneration Writedown Rates 
determined on or prior to the Bonus Remuneration Determination Date; or 
(b) if "Averaging Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Remuneration Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) less the arithmetic average of the Bonus Remuneration Writedown Rates 
determined for each day during the period commencing as the previous Bonus Remuneration 
Payment Date (or if none, the Issue Date) and concluding on the Bonus Remuneration 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Outstanding Notional Amount" means, in respect of any Credit Security, such Credit Security's pro 
rata share of the initial aggregate Notional Amount less such Credit Security's pro rata share of all 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination 
Date has occurred (excluding where Credit Security Condition 2(h)(b) (Settlement at Maturity) applies) 
(or, in the case of a Tranched Credit Security, such Credit Security's pro rata share of the initial 
aggregate Notional Amount less such Credit Security's pro rata share of all Writedown Amounts 
determined on or prior to the relevant date of determination) subject, in each case, to a minimum of zero 
and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit 
Securities, the issuance of any further Credit Securities and any settlement of Credit Securities pursuant 
to Credit Security Condition 2(h)(a) (Distribution Period Settlement). If the Credit Securities are both 
Basket Credit Securities and Zero Recovery Credit Securities, the Credit Unwind Costs incurred in 
connection with the reduction (if any) in the Outstanding Notional Amount, will be deducted from such 
Outstanding Notional Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 727 ---
727 
 
 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit 
Security Condition 8(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of 
(A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed 
Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
A. 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) 
the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date, as 
applicable; and 
B. 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph B. above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is applicable with respect to a Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the 
above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under 
paragraph B. above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per 
cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five 
per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-

--- Page 728 ---
728 
 
 
Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price 
of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(a) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(b) in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the 
purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such 
allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
mutatis mutandis. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph 
(a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on 
which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. At the date hereof, the list of 
Package 
Observable 
Bonds 
is 
available 
on 
the 
IHS 
Markit 
website 
at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 729 ---
729 
 
 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions which would be applicable to the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction and for 
which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" means where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate, for each 
Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a) 
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations multiplied by; 
(b) 
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as 
applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" means the date falling three Credit Security Business Days (unless 
otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the calculation of the Final Price. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment 
or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 
or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either 
case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;

--- Page 730 ---
730 
 
 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, by an amount of 
Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Credit Unwind Costs (only if positive) 
rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Final Terms specify that Credit 
Unwind Costs are not applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value 
of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the Issuer by 
way of compensation for any Credit Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
NOPS Cut-off Date as specified in relation to a Reference Entity as the Calculation Agent may 
designate. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, as most 
recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in relation to a 
Reference Entity) and as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website 
thereto), provided that any reference therein to: 
(a) 
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final Terms;

--- Page 731 ---
731 
 
 
(b) 
"Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Specified 
Currency; 
(c) 
"Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined in this 
Annex 12; 
(d) 
"Section 1.33" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Security Condition 11(a); and 
(e) 
"Section 8.19" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as defined in 
this Annex 12. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Security Condition 2(e), the number of Credit 
Security Business Days specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of Credit 
Security Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number 
of Credit Security Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent (on its behalf) intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter (provided that 
the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as applicable, the Issue Date)). 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite consent 
with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents or any relevant 
participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to any law, regulation or 
court order, but excluding market conditions, or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction 
relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the failure of the Securityholder to give the 
Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the Securityholder to open or procure the 
opening of such accounts or if the Securityholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of 
Deliverable Obligations for any other reason).  
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to 
such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium".

--- Page 732 ---
732 
 
 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which 
such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, 
and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the related Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if 
any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set- off by or 
of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the related 
Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is 
organized and any other internationally recognized published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred and 
which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information);

--- Page 733 ---
733 
 
 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer and/or any other party receiving such information may assume that such information has been 
disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any 
action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the 
party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the "Downstream 
Affiliate" definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the 
relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit 
Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law).

--- Page 734 ---
734 
 
 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
A. 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the Reference Entity; or 
B. 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(a) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(b) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller.

--- Page 735 ---
735 
 
 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable 
Obligation, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant Valuation 
Date from five or more Credit Security Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more such Full Quotations on the same Credit Security Business Day within three Credit Security 
Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Credit Security Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Credit Security Business Day thereafter until the tenth Credit Security 
Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to 
obtain Full Quotations from five or more Credit Security Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations 
are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Credit Security Business Day on 
or prior to the tenth Credit Security Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Credit Security Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Credit Security Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Credit Security 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Credit Security Business Day with respect to the aggregate 
portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained 
on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligation, the amount specified in relation to a Reference Entity 
(which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to the 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as 
calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable Obligation; and

--- Page 736 ---
736 
 
 
(c) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such 
Undeliverable Obligation. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, a Reference Entity and a Final 
Price Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) 
the lesser of 100 per cent. and either (i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement 
applies, the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Price or such other price specified therein) for that Reference Entity as of such Final Price 
Calculation Date; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, an amount equal to 
(a) the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by (b) 100 per cent. minus the Detachment Point. 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities specified 
in the Final Terms or, where applicable, identified in a Relevant Annex, and any Successor to a 
Reference Entity either: 
(a) 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or 
following the Trade Date or, where applicable, identified by an Index Sponsor; or 
(b) 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit 
Securities, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Security Condition 9 (Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means in respect of any Reference Entity, the amount in which 
the Issuer has purchased credit protection in respect of such Reference Entity, as set out in the Final 
Terms or if no such amount is specified: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Securities, First-to-Default Credit Securities,or 
Nth-to-Default Credit Securities where "Multiple Default Triggers" is not applicable, the initial 
aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Securities; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Securities where "Multiple Default Triggers" is applicable, 
an amount equal to (i) the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Securities, divided 
by (ii) (M+1-N);

--- Page 737 ---
737 
 
 
(c) 
in the case of Basket Credit Securities, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies 
in respect of such Reference Entity, being the product of (i) such Reference Entity Weighting 
and (ii) the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Securities, or, if no such amount is 
specified (i) the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Securities, divided by (ii) the 
number of Reference Entities; and 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Credit Securities, the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity, 
subject to in each case Credit Security Condition 2 (Settlement), Credit Security Condition 9 
(Successors) and Credit Security Condition 11 (Restructuring Credit Event) and as adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Securities or the issuance 
of any further Credit Securities. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting (being a 
percentage) as specified in the Final Terms for such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity 
(or no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (ii) there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in relation to 
a Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference 
Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that 
the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as 
a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be 
the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference 
Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the 
new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference 
Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) shall be applicable 
where Reference Obligation Only applies.

--- Page 738 ---
738 
 
 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category and 
(b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable. If the event set out in paragraph (i) 
of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the 
Credit Securities on a date as specified by notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) on or after the Substitution Event Date, and at an amount (which may be 
zero) in respect of each Credit Security equal to the fair market value of such Credit Security taking into 
account the relevant Substitution Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the events set 
out in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall continue 
to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Portfolio " means the portfolio of Reference Entities comprised in the Relevant Annex. 
"Relevant Annex" means an annex setting out the Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit 
Securities, being the annex specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity.  
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount 
specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded;

--- Page 739 ---
739 
 
 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of 
the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of 
the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if 
the "Senior Transaction" were applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Valuation Date" means the Settlement Valuation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Remuneration Shortfall Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Security and any Remuneration 
Payment Date or the Final Settlement Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the shortfalls in the 
remuneration paid in respect of such Credit Security on any previous Remuneration Payment Date as a 
result of a Deemed Remuneration Reduction as against the remuneration which would have been 
payable in respect of such Credit Security on such Remuneration Payment Date on the basis of the 
actual Writedown Amount (if any) determined on the related Final Price Calculation Date or, as the 
case may be, on the basis of a determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event Determination Date 
has subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the relevant Reference Entity.  
"Remuneration Shortfall Payment Date" means, in respect of a Remuneration Shortfall Amount, the 
first Remuneration Payment Date to occur after the second Business Day following the related Final 
Price Calculation Date or the related date of determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event 
Determination Date has subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity, or, if there is no such Remuneration Payment Date, the Final Settlement Date.  
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced.

--- Page 740 ---
740 
 
 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
intends to, subject to Credit Security Condition 7 (Physical Settlement), Deliver to the Securityholders 
in lieu of each original Deliverable Obligation which has not been Delivered as at the date of such 
NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same 
Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than 
the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant Succession Date provided that in selecting any 
Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Securityholders, the 
Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria specified above, 
is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors. In making any 
selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Securityholders, the Issuer or any 
other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or 
indirectly from any such selection. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date: 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the 
date that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; and

--- Page 741 ---
741 
 
 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.  
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all 
holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each 
case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring:

--- Page 742 ---
742 
 
 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of 
the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; 
and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which 
is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above and Credit Security Condition 11(e), the term 
"Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in (b) above shall continue to 
refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
(a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring.

--- Page 743 ---
743 
 
 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date 
(such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Credit 
Observation Period End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"Scheduled Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" or 
"Subordinated Level" or “Senior Non-Preferred Level” as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, 
or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior 
Level". 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency.

--- Page 744 ---
744 
 
 
"Settlement Method" means the settlement method specified as such in the Final Terms and if no 
Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
"Settlement Preliminary Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched Credit Securities and any 
relevant date, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to:  
(a) 
the Outstanding Notional Amount of such Credit Security (for the avoidance of doubt as 
reduced at or prior to such time), minus  
(b) 
its pro rata share of the Unsettled Retention Amount.  
"Settlement Residual Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched Credit Security and any relevant 
date, its remaining Outstanding Notional Amount of the Credit Securities (after deduction of the 
aggregate Settlement Preliminary Amounts and for the avoidance of doubt, as otherwise reduced at or 
prior to such time).  
"Settlement Valuation Date" means the date being three Credit Security Business Days prior to the 
Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third Credit Security Business 
Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation Date shall be the date which is 
three Credit Security Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, is given. 
"Similar Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an 
equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available to the relevant Reference Entity), and as secondary 
criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity to such Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition, "Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the 
three rating agencies Moody's Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of 
Standard & Poor's Credit Market Service Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings or any of them, it being 
understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) 
will be taken into consideration. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Security" means any Credit Security specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof.

--- Page 745 ---
745 
 
 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" means the 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA on 15 
September 2014.  
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the 
euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously 
payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the Reference Entity 
(or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. At the date hereof, the list of Package Observable Bonds is 
available on the IHS Markit website at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities.

--- Page 746 ---
746 
 
 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First Obligation"), 
a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation, or (II) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
(y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking 
in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment 
of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of 
the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for

--- Page 747 ---
747 
 
 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
A. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
B. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 748 ---
748 
 
 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
C. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute 
Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and 
payment obligations of the Credit Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Substitute Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without further 
action, replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) and notwithstanding the 
fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference 
Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b), the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to 
identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the 
DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a 
Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly

--- Page 749 ---
749 
 
 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the definition of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred on or 
prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to such 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the 
definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange 
Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of the provisions relating to 
the determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a

--- Page 750 ---
750 
 
 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
(ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity 
which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a 
Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution Request Date, in 
circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the 
Calculation Agent determines, not more than fifteen Credit Security Business Days after the day on 
which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred. The Successor 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Security Condition 9(a)(ii), the entity or entities, if any, 
determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the

--- Page 751 ---
751 
 
 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no 
Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such 
succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds 
to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided 
that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, 
each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity 
(the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor for the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Security Condition 8(c)(ii) 
above. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 (the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem, or any successor system) is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities, the Detachment Point minus the 
Attachment Point.

--- Page 752 ---
752 
 
 
"Tranched Credit Securities" means Credit Securities where the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from the Securityholders in respect of a tranched basket of Reference Entities (other than on an Nth-to-
default basis), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related 
Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such 
Credit Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction Type" 
specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws 
of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an 
obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which, on the Settlement Date for such 
Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, 
where “Physical Settlement according to General Security Condition 21.1” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, failure by the Securityholder to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market 
conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is 
impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference 
Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.

--- Page 753 ---
753 
 
 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
"Unsettled Credit Event" means any Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity for 
which the related Final Price Calculation Date has not occurred.  
"Unsettled Retention Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Securities in respect of which 
one or more Unsettled Credit Events has occurred, the sum of the maximum aggregate Incurred Loss 
Amounts and maximum aggregate Incurred Recovery Amounts which could be determined (assuming 
an Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero in respect of each 
Unsettled Credit Event).  
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
any Credit Security Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Security 
Business Day following the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date 
occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above of the definition of "Event Determination Date", 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs, if later), or, following any 
Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later Credit Security 
Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); or 
(b) 
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any Credit Security 
Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Security Business Day following 
the Event Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later Credit Security Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(c) 
if Partial Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen Credit Security Business 
Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Security Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical Settlement were the 
applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion on or prior to the applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose:

--- Page 754 ---
754 
 
 
(a) 
any reference to "Delivery Date" or "NOPS Effective Date" in the definitions of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the terms 
comprising "Deliverable Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation Characteristic" and 
"Due and Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Relevant 
Valuation Date"; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal Balance", 
"Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final Price", "Full 
Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of "Valuation 
Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method. 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may 
be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be 
construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the 
equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any 
date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), shall 
not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each 
selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the Currency Amount 
of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the 
time of such determination). If Credit Security Condition 2(b) is specified not to be applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Weighted Average Final Price shall be zero and if the Final Price is specified in the 
Final Terms, such price shall be the Weighted Average Final Price.

--- Page 755 ---
755 
 
 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit 
Security Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the Credit Security Dealers at 
the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination), of as large a size as available 
but less than the Quotation Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least 
equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
"Writedown Amount" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a Reference 
Entity, the aggregate of the Incurred Loss Amounts (if any) and if Incurred Recoveries are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, Incurred Recovery Amounts (if any) for the related Final Price 
Calculation Date and any related Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
14. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
In respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which the Transaction Type is "European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate" or "Standard European Senior-Non Preferred Financial Corporate" the 
following provisions shall be applicable only in respect of such Reference Entity (and where there is 
any conflict between this Credit Security Condition 14 and any other provisions of these Credit 
SSecurity Conditions, this Credit Security Condition 14 shall apply).  
(a)  "Senior Non-Preferred Reference Entity Notional Amount" means a Reference Entity Notional 
Amount attributable to a Reference Entity in respect of which this Credit Security Condition 14 is 
specified as applicable. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated 
Reference Entity Notional Amount for the purposes of such definition.  
(b)  "Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligations of the Reference Entity but 
not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of such definition.  
(c)  "Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means (a) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; (b) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (c) any 
obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in 
(a) and (b) above shall each (without limitation) constitute a "Traditional Subordinated Obligation"

--- Page 756 ---
756 
 
 
in respect of a Senior Non Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall 
constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of such definition.  
(d)  "Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the 
conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the 
"CRR") or which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with 
the CRR.  
(e)  "Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Credit Security Condition 13 
above and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how 
the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation 
of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction.  
(f) 
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Security Condition 14 above is hereby 
amended by adding the following proviso to the end of paragraph (a) of such definition 
immediately following the words "if any":  
"Provided That, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the 
Final Terms, if (1) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to 
constitute the Reference Obligation, or (2) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard 
Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be 
no Reference Obligation applicable and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation".  
(g)  "Seniority Level" means Senior Non-Preferred Level.

--- Page 757 ---
757 
 
 
ANNEX A TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT SECURITIES 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below or in Annex B to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Securities). All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more auctions will be held in 
order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon a specified Auction 
Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure (each, an "Auction"). If an Auction is to be 
held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms 
first published as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction 
Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms"). 
Securityholders should note that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the power to amend the 
form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may 
therefore not be accurate in all cases. The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective 
investors must refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction 
methodology set forth therein (the "Auction Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply 
to credit default swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Securities. A copy of 
the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is also currently 
available at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). Examples of specific Auction Settlement Terms 
used for specific Credit Events are available on ISDA’s Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/credit-default-swaps-archive/. 
The 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will additionally make several related determinations, including the date on which 
the Auction will be held (the "Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the 
Auction (the "Participating Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also amend the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that a public comment period is necessary 
in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, an 
"Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of each 
Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if such 
Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders

--- Page 758 ---
758 
 
 
(determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant 
Pairing. If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three such rates are obtained 
by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such rates, without regard to the 
rates having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three rates are obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be 
the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more 
than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, then one of such rates shall be disregarded. If fewer than 
three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such 
Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market 
Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical Settlement 
Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into credit 
derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the Representative 
Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no more 
than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of the Relevant 
Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity). The Initial 
Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such commitment will be a 
"Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will be a "Physical Settlement 
Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of such Participating Bidder's 
knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. Each Customer 
Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated 
with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such customer), in the same direction as, and not 
in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a minimum 
number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the Auction recommencing at 
such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts

--- Page 759 ---
759 
 
 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment Amounts in 
respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical Settlement 
Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in descending 
order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for which bids are 
lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between Initial Market Bid and 
Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. The Initial 
Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers 
contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable market will 
be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology. Any payments of 
Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction that ISDA has 
coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit derivative 
transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding Period 
has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and the 
details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced during 
the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, Participating 
Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, Limit Offers, 
in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest 
against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology. If the Open 
Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest against all 
Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled

--- Page 760 ---
760 
 
 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or 
Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, 
provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the lowest matched bid 
exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the percentage that is equal to one 
half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then 
the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a 
bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the highest offer by more than 
the Cap Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, have 
been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will be: (a) if the 
Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest Limit Offer 
or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 100 per 
cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent bidding 
period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction Final Price; 
(b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical Settlement Requests 
and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such bids and offers submitted 
by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Restructuring 
Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be more than 
one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and depending on which 
party triggers the credit default swap. Deliverable obligations will be identified for each bucket (any deliverable 
obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all longer buckets). If the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for a particular bucket, then that auction will be held 
according to the existing auction methodology that has previously been used for Bankruptcy and Failure to Pay 
credit events as described in the summary below, except that the deliverable obligations will be limited to those 
falling within the relevant maturity bucket. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer 
Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a

--- Page 761 ---
761 
 
 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit Offer, or 
Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction with 
the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, each such Participating Bidder 
or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must deliver to 
the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched a Notice of Physical Settlement 
indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the 
buyer in exchange for payment of the Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction Date will 
occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant (endorsed by a 
member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether a Credit Event has 
occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will occur 
on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 762 ---
762 
 
 
 
ANNEX B TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT SECURITIES 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Securities, the Calculation Agent may but is not 
bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as 
published 
by 
ISDA 
on 
its 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules (or any successor website thereto) as of 28 September 
2018 as amended on 27 January 2020 (the "Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from time to 
time and as amended from time to time. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective investors 
should also read the Rules and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. A copy of the 
Rules published by ISDA is available at: https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ (or any 
successor website thereto). 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Final Terms or the 
Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each of the 
regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle East and Africa 
and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is neither a voting member 
nor a non-voting member on any of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, though it could 
potentially become a voting member or a non-voting member on future Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees (the list of members is updated in April of each year, see the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/about-dc-committees/ for 
information about them). See "Risk Factors – Conflicts of Interest – Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" for additional information regarding conflicts of interest. The Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and will make determinations that are relevant for Credit 
Derivative Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as amended from time to time (the "2014 Definitions") or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as supplemented by the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction 
Settlement and Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by ISDA 
on 14 July 2009 (the "Updated 2003 Definitions"). ISDA may serve as, or may, at any time and from time to 
time, appoint (including in order to replace a prior DC Secretary) a third party to serve as the secretary (the “DC 
Secretary”) of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. The terms of any such appointment shall be 
agreed between ISDA and such third party, but will require such third party to comply with the then-current 
Rules (as amended from time to time) in its role as DC Secretary. The DC Secretary will perform administrative 
duties and make certain determinations as provided for under the Rules. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees

--- Page 763 ---
763 
 
 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions (depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee) and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent 
with the provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its 
determination. As a result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not 
applicable to the Securityholders, unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit Securities. The Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of the Credit Securities. 
Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to the 
Securityholders. See "Risk Factors - Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for 
further information. The terms of the Credit Securities provide that the Securityholders will be subject to certain 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. The Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will be able to make determinations without action or knowledge by the Securityholders. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA by an 
identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question to ISDA by an 
unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) a question to ISDA by an 
eligible market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing entity) and such question is not 
designated as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible cleared Reference Entity with respect to 
such Eligible CCP and to certain specified matters such as a Credit Event, Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and/or Successor. ISDA will convene the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for the region to which 
the referred question relates, as determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a transaction that 
incorporates, or is deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions may refer a 
question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding 
determination may be made with respect to the Credit Securities without any action by the Securityholders. 
Securityholders (in their capacity as holders of the Credit Securities) will not be able to refer questions to the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees.  
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may result 
quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held with respect to 
such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating 
in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to limited abstention 
rights. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings held to 
deliberate such questions, meeting statements and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA 
website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to 
inform the Securityholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the Final Terms). 
Securityholders shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such information. See "Risk Factors – Risks 
Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees".

--- Page 764 ---
764 
 
 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may materially 
affect the Securityholders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make a broad 
range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit Securities and materially 
affect the Securityholders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under the 2014 Definitions or the 
Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial question referred. Since the terms 
governing the credit-linked elements of the Credit Securities are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions or, 
as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions, such determinations may affect the Securityholders, as further 
described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within the scope of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will also 
determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided. Each of 
these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided, requires 
the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the 
Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. The 
determination of whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires the agreement 
of at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules and 
is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether an Event Determination Date 
will occur under the Credit Securities. If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit Event Backstop 
Date, then an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred in respect of the Credit Securities.  
Successors 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any Successor or 
Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules. 
For a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will determine 
the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments required to be made if there is a 
Steps Plan), the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds and the 
Succession Date. For a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments to be made if there 
is a Steps Plan), whether a Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so the proportion of the Relevant 
Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession Date. Each of these 
determinations requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held 
in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as 
described further below, except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) for a Reference Entity (which

--- Page 765 ---
765 
 
 
only requires a majority and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation Agent may use the relevant DC 
Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the 
Reference Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances have 
occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may also make determinations in 
relation to (i) Standard Reference Obligations and if applicable replacement Standard Reference Obligations in 
accordance with the Standard Reference Obligation Rules and (ii) whether or not Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable pursuant to the 2014 Definitions and if so, any Asset Package relating to a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will be able to determine whether an entity that acts as seller of protection under one or more 
transactions (such entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or 
merged into, or transferred all or substantially all its assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as 
applicable, or that the Relevant Seller and the Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these 
determinations requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held 
in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as 
described further below. The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent 
determinations with respect to the Credit Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions that are 
relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral dispute. Such 
questions require the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in 
accordance with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee implicated by the relevant 
question, as determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the question to the 
external review process, as described further below. Furthermore, the question relating to such DC Resolution 
may also be referred to the external review process if at least a majority of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules agree. Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions or, as the case 
may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions are likely to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent 
provisions under the Credit Securities. 
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an unidentified 
eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee(s) will 
deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the deliberations on such question have 
commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with the 
procedures described above with respect to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the eligible 
market participant who submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the general public.

--- Page 766 ---
766 
 
 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the binding vote 
held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the question will be automatically referred to the 
external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review often require only a simple majority 
of participating voting members to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who will be 
selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at random. The default 
duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the referral of the 
question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any member of ISDA may 
provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made available to the public on the ISDA 
website, and the conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on the 
Securityholders. In instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was 
less than or equal to 60%, the decision of a majority of the external reviewers will be determinative. However, in 
instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60% and 
80%, all three external reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  
Securityholders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not 
available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the binding vote 
and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another vote if new 
information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision for any reason, 
the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated in certain 
situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Securityholders unresolved for a period of time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and up to three non-
voting consultative members (currently none). Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight 
serving across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer 
institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members would consist of one dealer 
institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could 
potentially vary by region. There may also be one or more CCP non-voting members for specific regions. 
Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Securityholders will have no role in establishing such criteria. In 
addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to time in 
accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be

--- Page 767 ---
767 
 
 
replaced. The Securityholders will have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent provided for in the Credit Securities, will be 
subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Securityholders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability 
arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the 
case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Securityholders and the Securityholders will be 
prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Securityholders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is 
based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts. 
Securityholders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA 
website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to 
inform the Securityholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the Final Terms). Failure by 
the Securityholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will have no effect under the Final Terms and Securityholders are solely responsible for obtaining 
any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Securityholders and the powers 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 768 ---
768 
 
 
ANNEX 13 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Certificates specified in the 
Final Terms as Secured Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of Securities (the "General Security 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Securities set out below (the "Secured 
Security Conditions") together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the Final Terms and 
subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Security 
Conditions and (ii) the Secured Security Conditions, the Secured Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Charged Agreement" means the agreement(s), if any, specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Additional Charging Document" means any non-English law governed security document entered into by 
MBFL for the purposes of granting security over or in respect of any part of the Mortgaged Property for the 
relevant Series; 
"Affiliate" means any entity which is (a) an entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by MBFL, (b) an entity that 
controls, directly or indirectly, MBFL or (c) an entity directly or indirectly under common control with MBFL; 
"Charged Agreement(s)" means the Transfer Agreement and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Credit Support Document, in each case in respect of such Series; 
"Collateral Assets" means the Initial Collateral Assets and any Eligible Collateral delivered (a) to MBFL or the 
Custodian (on behalf of MBFL) as additional Collateral Assets in accordance with the Charged Agreement(s) but 
which shall not include any Collateral Assets released in accordance with the Security Trust Deed or, as 
applicable, (b) by MBFL as additional Collateral Assets but shall not include any Collateral Assets released in 
accordance with Secured Security Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets); 
"Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement" will be satisfied at the relevant time if the aggregate Value (where 
Value Basis applies) or aggregate nominal amount (where Nominal Basis applies) of the Collateral Assets is at 
least equal to the relevant Coverage Percentage of the Value (where Value Basis applies) or aggregate notional 
amount (where Notional Basis applies) of all outstanding Securities of the relevant Series at such time, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Coverage Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Counterparty" means the entity designated as the counterparty in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Counterparty Priority Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Security Condition 3 
(Application of Proceeds); 
"Credit Support Document" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 769 ---
769 
 
 
"Eligible Collateral" means loans, cash, securities, which may comprise bonds or notes listed on a regulated 
market, shares listed on a regulated market, shares, units or other interests in a UCITS Fund, and/or other assets 
of the type or types as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Collateral Assets" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Instructing Creditor" means:  
(a) 
in the case where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
Securityholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding 
Securities of the relevant Series; or,  
(b) 
where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Securityholder Priority Basis, Securityholders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding Securities of the 
relevant Series; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Counterparty Priority Basis, the Counterparty; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Pari Passu Basis each of (i) the Counterparty and (ii) 
Securityholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the 
outstanding Securities of the relevant Series, 
"Mortgaged Property" means the assets over which the Security is created by MBFL from time to time in 
relation to such Series, including, as applicable, the Collateral Assets and the Rights under the Transaction 
Documents; 
"Securityholder Priority Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Security Condition 3 
(Application of Proceeds); 
"Pari Passu Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Security Condition 3 (Application of 
Proceeds); 
"Notional Basis" means that in the case of an Adjustment of Collateral Assets or a further issue of Securities the 
Calculation Agent will determine the aggregate notional amount of the Securities and the notional amount of the 
Collateral Assets for purposes of determining if the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied and for 
this purpose the notional/nominal amounts will be expressed in the Specified Currency (or, if applicable, 
converted into the Issue Currency at an appropriate exchange rate for such conversion), and no account will be 
taken of any accrued but unpaid remuneration or entitlement and in the case of Collateral Assets with no stated 
nominal amount the Calculation Agent will determine the appropriate amount with reference to such source(s) as 
it determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Realisation Amount" means the net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Mortgaged 
Property (following payment of (i) all amounts due to the Security Trustee and/or any receiver or other

--- Page 770 ---
770 
 
 
appointee, including any costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with such realisation or enforcement; 
(ii) all fees and expenses of the Liquidation Agent and (iii) all amounts due and unpaid to the Fiscal Agent under 
clause 11 of the Issue and Paying Agency Agency Agreement); 
"Rights" means, in relation to any agreement or asset, all rights, title and interest of the relevant person in, to and 
under such agreement or asset including, without limitation: 
(a) 
in the case of MBFL’s rights under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and each Charged 
Agreement, all its rights, title and interest under such agreement(s) and, in the case of the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement, all its rights in respect of all funds and/or assets held from time to time by the 
Fiscal Agent for payment in respect of the Securities or otherwise in relation to the Securities; and 
(b) 
in the case of MBFL's rights under the Collateral Assets, all its rights in respect thereof or relating thereto 
and any sums or assets derived therefrom whether or not against third parties, including, without 
limitation, MBFL's rights against the Custodian to redelivery of equivalent Collateral Assets and any 
proceeds of the sale of the Collateral Assets; 
"Security" means the Security Interests created, or intended to be created at any time, in favour of the Security 
Trustee under the Security Documents in respect of such Series; 
"Security Documents" means the Security Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed and any Additional 
Charging Documents in each case in respect of such Series; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, sub-mortgage, standard security, charge, sub-charge, assignment, 
assignation in security, pledge, lien, right of set-off or other encumbrance or security interest; 
“Security Termination Amount” means the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person (the 
second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
Person, or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Transaction Documents" means the Security Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement, the Account Bank 
Agreement, the Charged Agreement(s), the Additional Charged Agreement(s), the Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and any Additional Charging Document in each case entered into in 
relation to and as the same relate to such Series and all agreements incidental to the issue of the Securities of 
such Series;

--- Page 771 ---
771 
 
 
"Transfer Agreement" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Transfer Agreement Termination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"UCITS Fund" means an investment fund that qualifies as an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities within the scope of Council Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities (UCITS), as such directive is amended, superseded and replaced from time to time. 
"Value" has the meaning given in the definition of Value Basis. 
"Value Basis" means that in the case of an Adjustment of Collateral Assets or a further issues of Securities the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Value of the Securities and Collateral Assets for purposes of determining if 
the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied and for this purpose "Value" will be determined as 
provided in the Final Terms or, if not specified in the Final Terms, shall mean the fair market value of the 
Securities or Collateral Assets, as applicable, expressed in the Specified Currency and determined by the 
Calculation Agent with reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole 
and absolute discretion (and this will not require the Calculation Agent to obtain any "best execution" price). 
2. 
Security 
(a) 
Security: Pursuant to the Security Trust Deed, MBFL's obligations under the Securities and the Charged 
Agreement(s) will be secured by the following security, in each case save to the extent the relevant 
asset or right is charged under an Additional Charging Document: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge and a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's 
Rights in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and 
(ii) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights under each Charged 
Agreement, each Additional Charged Agreement and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement in 
respect of such Securities. 
(b) 
The applicable Final Terms will specify (i) any Charged Agreement(s), being a Transfer Agreement 
entered into together, if applicable, with a Credit Support Document (ii) any Additional Charged 
Agreement and (iii) whether any other security interest will be created under the Security Trust Deed 
and/or under an Additional Charging Document. 
(c) 
Realisation of Mortgaged Property upon early settlement or Event of Default:  If the Security in relation 
to any of the Mortgaged Property becomes enforceable where the Securities are declared immediately 
due and payable pursuant to Secured Security Condition 7 (Events of Default) or otherwise as specified 
in the Final Terms, the Security Trustee or, where permitted in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 9 (Disposal of Collateral Assets) the Liquidation Agent may in its discretion and, if requested 
by an Instructing Creditor, shall (in each case, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction) realise such Mortgaged Property and/or take such action as may be

--- Page 772 ---
772 
 
 
permitted under applicable laws against any obligor in respect of such Mortgaged Property. The 
Security Trustee and Liquidation Agent will not have any liability as to the consequence of such action 
and will not have regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders or the Counterparty. 
On the occurrence of any such event, the Charged Agreement(s) may, if so provided therein, terminate 
in accordance with its or their terms.   
3. 
Application of Proceeds 
The Security Trust Deed provides for the application of the Realisation Amount in accordance with the relevant 
Security Ranking Basis specified below (following payment of (i) all amounts due to the Security Trustee and/or 
any receiver or other appointee under or pursuant to the Security Trust Deed, including any costs, expenses and 
taxes incurred in connection with enforcement or realisation in accordance with the Security Trust Deed and 
thereafter (ii) the Liquidation Agent in respect of its fees and expenses and thereafter (iii) all amounts due and 
unpaid to the Fiscal Agent under clause 11 of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
Where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms the "Security Ranking Basis" 
means the Realisation Amount will be applied first, in the meeting claims of the Securityholders under the 
Securities on a pari passu and pro rata basis, and second, in paying any remaining amount to MBFL. 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the "Security Ranking Basis" in accordance with which the Realisation 
Amount will be applied being one of the following (or otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(i) 
"Securityholder Priority Basis", meaning first in meeting claims of the Securityholders under the 
Securities on a pari passu and pro rata basis and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty 
under the Charged Agreement(s); or 
(ii) 
"Pari Passu Basis", meaning in meeting the claims of the Securityholders and the Counterparty under 
the Charged Agreement(s) on a pari passu and pro rata basis; or 
(iii) 
"Counterparty Priority Basis", meaning first, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement(s) and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the Securityholders on a pari passu and 
pro rata basis. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Counterparty shall not have any claim in respect of the Issuer's Rights under the 
Charged Agreement(s). Where more than one Counterparty is specified in the Final Terms then the Security 
Ranking Basis will be as specified in the Final Terms. 
4. 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
In the event that, following the application of the Realisation Amount in accordance with the applicable Security 
Ranking Basis, the amount payable to a Securityholder in respect of each Security held by him or her is less than 
the Security Termination Amount (the difference being referred to as a "Shortfall"), MBFL (failing which, the

--- Page 773 ---
773 
 
 
Guarantor) shall remain liable for such Shortfall, but any such Securityholders shall not have recourse to the 
Mortgaged Property secured in respect of any other Series of Securities. 
5. 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets 
This Secured Security Condition applies where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the 
Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will specify whether “Adjustment of Collateral Assets” applies to Secured Securities and where 
this is applicable, MBFL may or, in some cases, will be obliged to adjust Collateral Assets from time to time as 
described below. If no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Adjustment of Collateral Assets will be 
deemed to be not applicable.  
Where Adjustment of Collateral Assets applies then MBFL may or must, as applicable, from time to time, at its 
own cost and subject to the Security Trust Deed, by giving not less than 2 Business Days' notice (an 
"Adjustment Notice") in writing to the Security Trustee exercise its rights or perform its obligations as follows: 
(a) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Optional Top Up Right” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
may at its option provide further Eligible Collateral and secure this in favour of the Security Trustee on 
the same terms mutatis mutandis, as the other Collateral Assets; and/or 
(b) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Excess Removal Right” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
may at its option require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being comprising the 
Collateral Assets are released from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security Trust Deed 
and transferred to it for its own account provided that immediately following such transfer the 
Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is met, even though this may not be the case subsequently; 
and/or 
(c) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Maintenance Obligation” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
must at all times ensure the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is met and where required in order 
to do so must provide further Eligible Collateral and secure this in favour of the Security Trustee on the 
same terms, mutatis mutandis as the other Collateral Assets; and/or 
(d) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Substitution Right (with coverage test)” is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms, MBFL may require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being comprising 
the Collateral Assets be replaced by Eligible Collateral and the Security Trustee shall accordingly 
release the Collateral Assets from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security Trust Deed to 
enable such adjustment, provided that upon any release of the substituted Collateral Assets from the 
Security Interests, the replacement Collateral Assets are secured by MBFL on the same terms mutatis 
mutandis as the substituted Collateral Assets and the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement must be 
met immediately following the adjustments, even if this is not the case subsequently; and/or 
(e) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Substitution Right (without coverage test)” is specified as applying in the 
Final Terms, MBFL may require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being

--- Page 774 ---
774 
 
 
comprising the Collateral Assets be replaced by Eligible Collateral and the Security Trustee shall 
accordingly release the Collateral Assets from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security 
Trust Deed to enable such adjustment, provided that upon any release of the substituted Collateral 
Assets from the Security Interests, the replacement Collateral Assets are secured by MBFL on the same 
terms mutatis mutandis as the substituted Collateral Assets and the aggregate Value of the Collateral 
Assets immediately following such adjustment must be at least equal to the aggregate Value of the 
Collateral Assets immediately prior to such adjustment, even if this is not the case subsequently. 
The Final Terms will specify whether Value Basis or Nominal Basis will apply and the criteria for the Eligible 
Collateral. 
In any of the above cases, all requirements of any relevant stock exchange or competent authority and any other 
conditions specified in the Final Terms must be complied with. 
Following its delivery of an Adjustment Notice to the Security Trustee, MBFL must also notify the Fiscal Agent, 
the Custodian, the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Liquidation Agent and the Securityholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable provided that any failure to do so will not affect the validity of the relevant adjustment 
to the Collateral Assets. 
6. 
Early Settlement 
6.1 
Early settlement upon termination of a Charged Agreement: If “Early settlement upon a Charged 
Agreement Termination” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Securities may be redeemed at 
the option of MBFL in whole, but not in part, any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice (or such other period of notice as set out in the applicable Final Terms) to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Security Condition 8 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in the event 
that, where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms, if 
any applicable Transfer Agreement, Credit Support Document or Additional Charged Agreement is 
terminated in accordance with its terms prior to its stated date of termination. 
6.2 
Early settlement upon a Regulatory Event: If “Early settlement upon a Regulatory Event” is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Securities may be redeemed at the option of MBFL in whole, but not in 
part, any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) to Securityholders in accordance with General Security Condition 8 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in the event that a change in applicable law or regulation 
occurs that results, or will result, solely by reason of the Securities being outstanding, in the relevant 
Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional jurisdiction or regulatory authority, or being 
subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation considered by the relevant Issuer to be materially 
onerous to it. 
6.3 
Early settlement amount: Each Security settled early pursuant  to  this Secured Security Condition 6 will 
be redeemed at its Security Termination Amount.

--- Page 775 ---
775 
 
 
7. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Security of 
any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Liquidation Agent and the Security Trustee each at its 
specified office that such Security is immediately repayable, whereupon the Security Termination Amount 
(calculated on the basis that MBFL and the Guarantor are obligors of the highest creditworthiness) such Security 
shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Default in payment: default is made for a period of (i) 5 Business Days or more in the payment of any 
Security Termination Amount, Automatic Early Settlement Amount, Optional Cash Settlement Amount 
(Call), Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put), Instalment Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or other 
payment amount (excluding any Remuneration Amount) on any of the Securities or (ii) for a period of 
15 Business Days or more in the payment of any Remuneration Amount due in respect of the Securities 
or any of them; 
(b) 
Failure to deliver: MBFL fails to deliver any Entitlement or Early Settlement Entitlement on the due 
date for delivery and such failure to deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar days of notice of 
such failure having been given to MBFL by any Securityholder, provided that an Event of Default shall 
not occur under this Secured Security Condition 7(b) if any of the conditions to settlement to be 
satisfied by the Securityholder have not been so satisfied as at the due date for delivery; 
(c) 
Failure to perform any other Obligation: MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) is in breach of 
or fails duly to perform any other obligation under or in respect of the Securities, the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Security Trust Deed, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
or Account Bank Agreement and such failure continues for more than 30 days after the service by a 
holder of a Security or the Security Trustee of notice on MBFL requiring the same to be remedied; 
(d) 
General suspension of payments: MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) suspends its payments 
generally; 
(e) 
Bankruptcy, composition or similar event: a court or administrative in the country of domicile of 
MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) institutes bankruptcy proceedings or reorganisation 
proceedings or administrative dissolution without liquidation or composition proceedings to avert a 
bankruptcy or MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) applies for institution of such proceedings or 
any event occurs in relation to MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) which under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy or Luxembourg has an analogous effect to such proceedings; 
(f) 
Cross-default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of MBFL or the Guarantor for or in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of any 
payment default thereon by MBFL or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, or (ii) any such indebtedness 
is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within an applicable grace period, or (iii) MBFL or the 
Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that an event of default pursuant to

--- Page 776 ---
776 
 
 
paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above of this Secured Security Condition 7 shall only occur if: (A) the 
aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of 
the events mentioned in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above have occurred and is continuing exceeds 
€35,000,000 and (B) MBFL or the Guarantor is not contesting in good faith in a competent court in a 
recognised jurisdiction that the relevant indebtedness or guarantee and/or indemnity is due and 
enforceable, as appropriate; 
(g) 
Insolvency: either MBFL or the Guarantor is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or 
bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) 
the debts of MBFL or the Guarantor as the case may be; 
(h) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration of MBFL or the Guarantor applies or petitions for a winding-up or administration order 
in respect of itself or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, in each case except for the purposes of and pursuant to or in connection with a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, deconsolidation or 
disposal or contribution in kind of assets or branches of business; 
(i) 
Ownership: MBFL ceases to be controlled by Mediobanca (except in the case of a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or similar transaction by which 
Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of MBFL under the Securities); 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for MBFL to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Securities;  
(k) 
Guarantee: the MBFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor 
or it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the MBFL Deed of Guarantee 
or the MBFL Deed of Guarantee is claimed by MBFL or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect 
(except in the case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation 
or similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of MBFL under the 
Securities); or 
(l) 
if specified in the Final Terms any Additional Event of Default occurs in respect of the relevant Series 
of Securities. 
For the purpose of paragraph (f) above, any indebtedness for borrowed money which is in a currency other than 
euro shall be translated at the spot rate for the sale of the relevant currency against the purchase of euro in 
Luxembourg as quoted by a leading bank selected by the Fiscal Agent for this purpose on the day in 
Luxembourg on which such premature repayment becomes due or, as the case may be, such default occurs (or, if 
for any reason such a rate is not available on that day, on the earliest possible date thereafter).

--- Page 777 ---
777 
 
 
8. 
Enforcement 
Following an Event of Default which is continuing the Security Trustee may, at any time, at its discretion and 
without notice, take such action under or in connection with any of the Security Documents as it may think fit 
(including, without limitation, enforcing the Security upon the Security becoming enforceable), provided that it 
shall not be bound to take any such action unless: 
(a) 
it shall have been so directed in writing by the Instructing Creditor; and 
(b) 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Securityholder shall be entitled to enforce the Security or to proceed directly against MBFL to enforce the 
other provisions of the Security Document(s) unless the Security Trustee, having become bound so to enforce or 
to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
In the event that the Realisation Amount is insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Securityholders, 
MBFL (failing which the Guarantor) shall remain liable for the Shortfall. No Securityholder shall be 
entitled to have recourse to the Mortgaged Property secured in respect of any other Series of Securities. 
9. 
Disposal of Collateral Assets 
(a) 
If an Event of Default has occurred or the Securities are otherwise declared immediately due and 
payable and, in either case, an Instructing Creditor has directed the Security Trustee to take action to 
enforce the Security, the Security Trustee will as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Liquidation 
Agent of this (such notice a "Collateral Liquidation Event Notice") and the Liquidation Agent will 
take action to dispose of the Collateral Assets pursuant to this Secured Security Condition 9 (such 
disposal being a "Collateral Liquidation Event").  
The Liquidation Agent shall not otherwise be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether 
a Collateral Liquidation Event might arise. Prior to receipt by it of a Collateral Liquidation Event 
Notice, the Liquidation Agent may assume that no such event has occurred.  
The Liquidation Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Collateral Liquidation Event Notice without 
investigation.  
(b) 
Following receipt by it of a valid Collateral Liquidation Event Notice the Liquidation Agent will on 
behalf of MBFL and the Guarantor, so far as is practicable in the circumstances effect a liquidation of 
the Collateral Assets for settlement as soon as reasonably practicable following the effective delivery of 
the related Collateral Liquidation Event Notice. 
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event and effective delivery of a valid Collateral 
Liquidation Event Notice, the security shall be released without further action on the part of the 
Security Trustee to the extent necessary for the Liquidation Agent to effect the disposal of the Collateral 
Assets. Nothing in this paragraph will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the 
proceeds of the liquidation of the Collateral Assets.

--- Page 778 ---
778 
 
 
The Liquidation Agent must account to the Security Trustee for all of the proceeds of disposal and 
apply these only as directed by the Security Trustee.

--- Page 779 ---
779 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐬" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝒏𝒆𝒕" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
 "𝒓𝒄𝒕" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒄𝒕−𝟏" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖
" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
 "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒃" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒓" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"1/1" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"10-year Limitation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"2-Way Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn); 
"30/360" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"30E/360 (ISDA)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"30E/360" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"360/360" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"A" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(jjj), in Formulas Condition 5.1(i), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (m), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (n), in Credit 
Security Condition 13 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b), in Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"a" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), in Formulas Condition 1.1(jjj), in Formulas Condition 5.1(m) 
and 5.1(n); 
"Accelerated or Matured" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"AC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"ACT Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s), in Formulas Condition 3.1(a) and in Formulas Condition 
8.1(e);

--- Page 780 ---
780 
 
 
"ACT(i,i-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (s); 
"ACT(t,t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Act(t-1,t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Actual Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Actual First Traded Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Actual/360" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Actual/365 (Fixed)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n);  
"Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Actual/Actual" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Additional Coupon" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 1(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 2(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Coupon 3(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Credit Securities Disruption Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Additional Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 781 ---
781 
 
 
"Additional Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional LPN" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Additional Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Additional Provisions" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Additional Switch Coupon Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (l); 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (l);  
"Adjusted Bear CV" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh);  
"Adjusted Bull CV" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Annex A to The Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities; 
"Adjustment" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(a) and in Fund Security Condition 4.2(a); 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(b); 
"Adjustment Factor K" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Adjustment" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(a) and Fund Security Condition 4.2(a); 
"Administrator" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"ADR" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions 
relating to GDR/ADR); 
"AES Calculation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES CSN Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Event 1 Underlying(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Event 2 Underlying(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c);  
"AES Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Knock-out Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c);

--- Page 782 ---
782 
 
 
"AES Knock-out" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Margin" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Rate(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c);  
"AES Reference Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Reference Rate Determination Date(s)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AF" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"AF(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Affected Basket Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Affected Commodity Reference Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3(b); 
"Affected Commodity" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3 (b); 
"Affected Component Security" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition 
of Strike Date and the definition of Valuation Date; 
"Affected Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 9 (d) and Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Affected ETI" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Affected ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Affected Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 9(b) and in Currency Security 
Condition 8(b); 
"Affected Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.2(b) (i);

--- Page 783 ---
783 
 
 
"Affected Index Component" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3(b); 
"Affected Item" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Averaging 
Date, Strike Date, Valuation Date Valuation Date and in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under 
the definition of Commodity Fallback Value; 
"Affected Reference Entity" is as defined in the Annex to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Securities - Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Affected Relevant Assets" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Affected Share" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2 (e); 
"Affiliate" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Aggregate Unwind Costs" is as defined in Credit Security Conditions 13 (Definitions); 
"AirbagPercentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(g) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(h),  
"Alternate Cash Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets 
or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Alternative Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Annex" is as defined in paragraph 1 of the Terms and Conditions of Securities; 
"Annexes" is as defined in paragraph 1 of the Terms and Conditions of Securities; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s), in Formulas Condition 1.2 
(Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Asset Instruments" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Asset Market Value" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Asset Package" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 784 ---
784 
 
 
"Asset Package Credit Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Asset Package Delivery" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 8(i); 
"Asset" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Assignable Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Attachment Point" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) and in the Annex to the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Securities - Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Cancellation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction Covered Transaction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction Date" is as defined in the Annex to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities - 
Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction Final Price" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction Methodology" is as defined in the Annex to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities 
- Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Settlement Amount" is as defined in in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) 
"Auction Settlement Date" is as defined in in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"AUM Level" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l) 
"Automatic Early Settlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General 
Security Condition 17.6 (Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1);

--- Page 785 ---
785 
 
 
"Automatic Early Settlement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security 
Condition 17.6 (Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security 
Condition 17.6 (Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (Automatic Early Settlement 
Payouts Formulas); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Percentage(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General 
Security Condition 17.6 (Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Automatic Exercise" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (b)(i); 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"Average Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Average Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Average Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b);

--- Page 786 ---
786 
 
 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(a); 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(a); 
"Average Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Averaging Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Averaging" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"B" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ggg), in Formulas Condition 
5.1 (m), in Share Security Condition 5.2(e), in ETI Securities Condition 6.2(b), and in Credit Security Condition 
13 (Definitions); 
"b" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg) and in Formulas Condition 5.1 (m); 
"Banking Day(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Bankruptcy" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Barrier Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Base Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Base Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 2.1(b); 
"Basket Companies" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Share Security Condition 
5.2(e); 
"Basket Component" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Basket ESt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 787 ---
787 
 
 
"Basket ESt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Basket Level0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Basket of Commodities" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Futures" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Indices" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Basket Price 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Basket Price 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Basket Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Basket Trigger Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Basket Trigger Level" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Basket" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"Basket Modified Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Basket Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Basket Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"BasketES0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"BasketESt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"BasketESt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e) 
"Baskett" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Baskett-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Baskett-st*" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 788 ---
788 
 
 
"Bear Certificate Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Bear CV0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bear CVt"" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Bear CVt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Benchmark" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Best Click Value" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Best Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"BestLockValue(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr);  
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(b); 
"Beta 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kk); 
"Beta 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kk); 
"BMR" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bond Basis" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Bond" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Coupon" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) 
"Bonus Level Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Attachment Point" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 789 ---
789 
 
 
"Bonus Remuneration Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Detachment Point" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Determination Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Implicit Portfolio Size" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Payment Date(s)" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bonus Remuneration Writedown Rate" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Borrowed Money" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Borsa Italiana Business Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Broken Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"BRRD" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Bull Certificate Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Bull CV0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bull CVt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Bull CVt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hh); 
"Business Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Buy Back Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"C" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c), Share Security Condition 5.2(e), in ETI Security 
Condition 6.2(b) and in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 
13.2(b) (ii); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(b) (ii); 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Index Security Condition 
5.2(ii), in Index Security Condition 5.4(ii), in Debt Security Condition 7(b), in Debt Security Conditions 9(a) (ii), 
in Currency Security Condition 6(b) and in Currency Security Condition 8(ii);

--- Page 790 ---
790 
 
 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.2(ii), in Index Security 
Condition 5.4(ii), in Debt Security Condition 7(b), in Debt Security Condition (a)(ii), in Currency Security 
Condition 6(b) and in Currency Security Condition 8(ii); 
"Calculated Currency Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 
3(b) (ii); 
"Calculated Currency Disruption Amount" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 3(b) (ii); 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(c) (ii); 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 
5.2(c) (ii); 
"Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1(b) (ii); 
"Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 
3.1(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Index Security Condition 
3.2(c)(ii) and in Debt Security Condition 5(b); 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2(c) (ii) and in Debt 
Security Condition 5(b); 
"Calculation Agent" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Calculation Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Calculation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c), General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), General Security Condition 22(n), Formulas Condition 3.1(f), Formulas Condition 4.1(e), 
ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Fund Security Condition 1(Definitions), and Formulas Condition 1.1(iii) 
"Calculation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and General Security 
Condition 22 (n); 
"Calculation Timet" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Calculation Timet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi);

--- Page 791 ---
791 
 
 
"Call 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Call 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Call 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call Option Condition Exercise Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in 
General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Condition(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (a); 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call 
Option); 
"Call Option" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Call Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1 (Issuer Call Option Payouts Formulas); 
"Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in 
Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"Call Spread 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Call Spread 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Call Spread 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii);

--- Page 792 ---
792 
 
 
"Call Spread(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Call Spread(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Call Trigger Barrier" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ccc) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Call(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Cancellation Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Cap Level Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Level Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Level Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Share Security 
Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) 
"Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Capital Ratio" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 10 (b) (iii); 
"Capitalised Exercise Price" or "CEPt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for 
Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Capped Reference Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Cash and Carry Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Cash Dividend Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment);

--- Page 793 ---
793 
 
 
"Cash Dividend Notice" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (b); 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Cash Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Cash Instrument" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Cash Settled Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.2 (Cash Settlement) and in General 
Security Condition 21.3 (Cash Settled Certificates); 
"Cash Settled Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Cash Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions)  
"CDS Components" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Centralised Custodian" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"CEPt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Cert(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Certificateholder" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"Certificates" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Change in Law" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions) and Credit Security Condition 
13 (Definitions); 
"Clearance System Days" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions) and Futures 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Clearance System" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions) and Futures 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Clearing System" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);

--- Page 794 ---
794 
 
 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Click Event" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Click Level" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Click Range Level" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Click Valuation Date" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Click Valuation Period" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Click Value" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Closing Level" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Closing Price" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"CMS Determined Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"CMS Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Condition 4; 
"CMS Reference Banks" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d) and in Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Condition 4; 
"CMS" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Coco Provision" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 10 (b) (iii); 
"CoCo Supplement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Combination Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Commencement Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Commodity Business Day" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Commodity Disrupted Day" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Commodity Fallback Value" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Commodity Index Adjustment Event" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(b); 
"Commodity Index Cancellation" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(b); 
"Commodity Index Disruption" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(b);

--- Page 795 ---
795 
 
 
"Commodity Index Modification" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(b); 
"Commodity Index" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Commodity Reference Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1(Definitions) and Commodity 
Security Condition 3(b); 
"Commodity Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Commodity Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 6 (Additional Terms And Conditions 
For Commodity Securities); 
"Commodity" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Commodity Security 
Condition 3(b); 
"Component Security Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Component Security" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Component" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Composite Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Compounded SOFR" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d) 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Consent Required Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Constant" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant AES Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(c); 
"Constant B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), and in Formulas Condition 1.1(jjj); 
"Constant Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 796 ---
796 
 
 
"Constant Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 5" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 6" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 7" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 8" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 9" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 10" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 11" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 12" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 13" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 14" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 15" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 16" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentagen" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and 
in Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Constant TAES Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(f); 
"control" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) under the definition of Affiliate;  
"Conversion Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"Conversion Rate Early" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Conversion Rate Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 797 ---
797 
 
 
"Conversion Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (d); 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (d); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Switch Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"Coupon Switch" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"Coupon Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Event Notice" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 798 ---
798 
 
 
"Credit Index" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Credit Security Business Day" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 12 (Additional Terms And Conditions For 
Credit Securities); 
"Credit Security Dealer" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Security Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Credit Unwind Costs" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Directive" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"CRR" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"CSR Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"Cum Reference Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cumulative Remuneration" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Currency Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Current ACS Remuneration Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l) 
"Currency Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Currency Pair" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation); 
"Currency Rate Source" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Currency Rate" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 799 ---
799 
 
 
"Currency Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Currency Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 8 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Currency Securities);  
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1, Currency Security 
Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), and in Debt Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation); 
"Current FX Memory Coupon Remuneration Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (p); 
"Current Remuneration Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Cut-Off Date" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Cut-off Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"CV Calculation Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"CV(0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"CV(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a);  
"CW" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (i);  
"D" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c); 
"D1" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"D2" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price 
Valuation) and in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Daily Settlement Price" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation) and in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation); 
"Daily Structuring Fee" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee Deduction); 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), General Security Condition 22(n), in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee Deduction); 
in Formulas Condition 1.1 (kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 800 ---
800 
 
 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Credit Event Question" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DCF" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (d); 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Resolution" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"DC Secretary" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Debt Instrument Correction Period" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Debt Instrument Issuer" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Debt Instrument Redemption Event" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation 
of a Debt Instrument); 
"Debt Instruments" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Debt Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Deed of Covenant" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Deed Poll is as defined in General Security Condition 11.1 (a) (ii); 
"Deemed Remuneration Reduction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 5(iv); 
"Default Requirement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Definitive Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities) 
"Delayed Index Level Event" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Delayed Payment Notice" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Settlement Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"De-Listing" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1;

--- Page 801 ---
801 
 
 
"Deliver" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Delivered" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Delivery Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 21.4 (Physical Delivery Certificates), in 
Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Delivery" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Derivative Component" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c); 
"Designated Maturity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 22(b)(ii), in General Security Condition 22(d) 
and Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Detachment Point" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Difference(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (cc); 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definition); 
"Direct Loan Participation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 
(Definitions);

--- Page 802 ---
802 
 
 
"Dispersion Value(k)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ss);  
"Dispute" is as defined in General Security Condition 12(b); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"Disrupted Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"Disrupted Day" is as defined in Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions), in Currency 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Disrupted Level Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"Disruption Fallback" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Currency Security 
Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
"Distributed Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Distribution End Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Distribution Period Event Determination Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Div Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"div reinvested factor(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Dividend Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Dividend Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 4 
(Dividend Event); 
"Dividend Expenses" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Dividend Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Domestic Currency" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 803 ---
803 
 
 
"Domestic Law" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Down Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Down Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Down Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Down Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Down Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Downside Participation Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Downstream Affiliate" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Dual Currency Certificates" are as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Dual Exchange Rate" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Due and Payable Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Early Closure" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1

--- Page 804 ---
804 
 
 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Early Settlement Entitlement" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"EDS" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"EDS 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"EDS 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"EDS 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi) and in in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (v), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii);

--- Page 805 ---
805 
 
 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"EDS(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"EDS(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Eligible Information" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Eligible Transferee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Entitlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 
6.1 (Entitlement Amount Formulas); 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Entitlement" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"Entity" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ES Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"essential characteristics" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.8 (General); 
"ES Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"Established Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 15 (b); 
"ETI Basket" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Documents" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"ETI Interest Correction Period" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 806 ---
806 
 
 
"ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"ETI Interest(s)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Related Party" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"ETI" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"EURIBOR" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"euro" or "€" is as defined in General Security Condition 15 (b); 
"Eurobond Basis" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Euroclear" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"EuroTLX" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Event Determination Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Excess Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Bonds" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 807 ---
807 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security 
Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security Condition 2 (Exchange Business 
Day); 
"Exchange Disruption" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Initial" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Previous" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Exchange Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange traded instrument" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Exchange" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation) and in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Excluded Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Ex-Dividend Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities) and in Share Security Condition 4 
(Dividend Event); 
"Ex-Dividend Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Exempt Securities" is as defined in paragraph 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Exercise Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 11(a)(i); 
"Exercise Business Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 808 ---
808 
 
 
"Exercise Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Exercise Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Expenses" is as defined in General Security Condition 9(a); 
"Express Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Extension Notice" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notice" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.1; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.1; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Extraordinary External Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notice" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.1; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.1; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events); 
"Extra-Yield" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"F" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is as defined in General Security Conditions 4.2 (Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity) and General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2; 
"Failure to Pay" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 809 ---
809 
 
 
"Fallback Bond" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Fallback Settlement Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Fallback Settlement Method" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"FCt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in 
Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas 
Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 
17.7 (Issuer Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas 
Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Fee ISDA Rate" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas 
Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer 
Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) 
and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Fee Range" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fee" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fees Accrued" is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer 
Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) 
and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"fees factor(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"fees" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Feest"is as defined in General Security Conditions 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call 
Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and 
in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"FI Basket 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 810 ---
810 
 
 
"FI Basket 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI CAES Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(h); 
"FI Constant Percentage " is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI DC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Cap Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Floor Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Plus Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Remuneration Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 811 ---
811 
 
 
"Final Calculation Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Final Coupon Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Remuneration Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(cc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(dd); 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(cc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(dd); 
"Final Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bb) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ff); 
"Final List Publication Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Final List" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (Final Payout Formulas); 
"Final Price Calculation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Final Price Early" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Final Price" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Final Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Final Reference Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Remuneration Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Remuneration Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definition); 
"Final Settlement Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 812 ---
812 
 
 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (qq) (i) and 1.1(qq) (ii); 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) 
and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Final terms" is as defined in paragraph 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Financing Component(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Financing Rate Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final 
Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 
and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Financing Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Financing Ratet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"First Calculation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security Condition

--- Page 813 ---
813 
 
 
17.7 (Issuer Call Option), in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); Formulas 
Condition 3.1(f) and Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"First Entity" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"First Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"First Ranking Interest" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"First Ranking" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"First Settlement Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"First Traded Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"First Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Fiscal Agent" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Fixed Cap" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Automatic Early Settlement Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Final Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Remuneration Rates" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);  
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(viii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ix), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(viii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ix), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificates" is as defined General Security Condition 22 (Remuneration);

--- Page 814 ---
814 
 
 
"Fixed Remuneration Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Fixing Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(e), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in General Security 
Condition 17.5(c) in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option) and in General Security Condition 
22(n); 
"Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Floating Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Floating Remuneration Amount Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 
(Remuneration); 
"Floor Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(v); 
"Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Floor Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Form of Auction Settlement Terms" is as defined in the Annex to the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities - Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Formula Constituent" is as defined in Formulas Condition 10 (Formulas Constituents And Completion); 
"Formula" is as defined in Formulas Condition 10 (Formulas Constituents And Completion); 
"Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"Forward 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii);

--- Page 815 ---
815 
 
 
"Forward 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Forward 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Forward(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Forward(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"freely tradable" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay 
the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"FS Barrier Value 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Calculation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS CSN Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Full Quotation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 816 ---
816 
 
 
"Fund Basket" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"Fund Business Day" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Documents" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Level0" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f), in Formulas 
Condition 4.1(e), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Fund Levelt " is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f), in Formulas 
Condition 4.1(e), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Fund Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Fund Securities Fees Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1 (b); 
"Fund Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 9 (Additional Terms And Conditions For 
Fund Securities); 
"Fund Service Provider" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Share(s)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Valuation Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Future" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Adjustment Event" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Contract" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Correction Period" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 817 ---
817 
 
 
"Futures De-Listing" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Instruments" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Futures Modification" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures or Options Exchange" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in 
Debt Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation), in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Replacement" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for 
Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Ratio" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Futures Rollover Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation), in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Index 
Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Rollover Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation), in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Index 
Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
 
"Futures Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 10 (Additional Terms And Conditions For 
Futures Securities); 
"Futures" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 818 ---
818 
 
 
"FX Digital Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"FX Digital Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"FX Knock-in Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Knock-out Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7 (ii) (A); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7 (i); 
"FX Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"FX Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fx(0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"FX(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(a), in Formulas Condition 6.1 (b), in Formulas Condition 6.1(c); 
"FX(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1 (d); 
"Fx(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Fx(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Fx(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"FXR_1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp);

--- Page 819 ---
819 
 
 
"FXR_2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp); 
"FXR_n" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp); 
"G" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Wi" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"GDR" is as defined Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type)  
"Gearing 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(x) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (vv), in Formulas Condition 5.1(j) and in Formulas 
Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(x) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (vv), in Formulas Condition 5.1(j) and in Formulas 
Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition in Formulas Condition 1.1(vv) and 1.1 (yy); 
"Gearing 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy); 
"Gearing Down 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Gearing Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Gearing Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gearing Up 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Gearing Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Gearing Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gearingn" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Gearingj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee);

--- Page 820 ---
820 
 
 
"Generic Percentage(n,2) " is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(j,1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(j,2)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Global Cap A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Cap B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1 (uu) (ii); 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Global Floor A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii); 
"Global Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Security" is as defined in paragraph 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Government Authority" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions); 
"Governmental Intervention" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Grace Period Business Day" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Grace Period Extension Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Grace Period" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Greatest Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b);

--- Page 821 ---
821 
 
 
"Greatest Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b);  
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(a); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b);  
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(a); 
"Greatest Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Gross div(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Gross div(ti)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Guarantee of the MBFL Securities" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Guarantee of the Mediobanca International Securities" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities; 
"Guarantee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee); 
"Guarantor" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"hc" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Hedge Disruption Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Hedge Provider" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Hedge Transaction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Hedge" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(a); 
"Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Hedging Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions);

--- Page 822 ---
822 
 
 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Security 
Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Liquidity Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.3 (a); 
"Hedging Party Default" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"holder of Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"Holding of Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Hybrid Business Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Hybrid Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type);  
"Hypothetical Investor" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"i" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (bb), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (cc) and Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"i" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"I" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (fff); 
"Illiquidity Disruption" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Illiquidity" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Implicit Portfolio Size" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions) and Credit Security 
Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Incurred Loss Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 823 ---
823 
 
 
"Incurred Recovery Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Index Adjustment Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of 
Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Cancellation" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Index Security 
Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Component Disruption Event" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index Component" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Commodity Security 
Condition 3 (b); 
"Index Correction Period" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of 
an Index); 
"Index Modification" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and in Index Security 
Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Index Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 2 (Additional Terms And Conditions For 
Index Securities); 
"Index Share" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Index Sponsor" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) and Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Index Sponsor" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index-Components Arbitrage" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Indicative Quotation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Indices" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Index Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1(Type);

--- Page 824 ---
824 
 
 
"Inflation Index Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 7 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Index Securities); 
"Inflation Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(base)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Indices" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial ACT Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Initial Calculation Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Remuneration Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Reference Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) in Share Security Condition 
5.1; 
"Insolvency" is as defined in Share Security Conditions 5.1; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities);

--- Page 825 ---
825 
 
 
"Interbank Rate 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Interbank Rate 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Interest Remuneration Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interest" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) 
"Interests" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Intervening Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.4 (Intervening Period); 
"Intraday Level" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Intraday Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Investment/AUM Level" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ISDA Definitions" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"ISDA Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (d)(i); 
"ISDA" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Issue" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 826 ---
826 
 
 
"Issue Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Issue and Paying Agency Agreement" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities; 
"Issue Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Issuer" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Italian Dematerialised Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Listed Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Listed Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Paying Agent" is as defined in paragraph 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
"Italian Stock Exchange" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"J" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and 1.1(eee); 
"j" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Joint Potential Successor" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 9 (a)(iv); 
"Joint Relevant Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 9 (a)(iv); 
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"k" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"K" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Determination Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Determination Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event);

--- Page 827 ---
827 
 
 
"Knock-in Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event) 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions)  
"Knock-out Determination Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating 
to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event);

--- Page 828 ---
828 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Range Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event) 
"L" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Largest Asset Package" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Latest Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 2.1 (b); 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Legacy Reference Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 9(c)(ii) and Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Levelk,t" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Levelk,t-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);  
"Leverage Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Ratet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leveraged Barrier" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c);

--- Page 829 ---
829 
 
 
"Limit Price Event" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Limitation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Linear Basket Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);  
"Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (Remuneration); 
"Listed" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Listing Change" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Listing Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Listing Suspension" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"ln" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Local Business Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Local Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1(n) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq) (i) 1.1(qq)(ii) and in Formulas Condition 
7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Local Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq) (i), 1.1(qq)(ii) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"London Business Day" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Loss Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Additional Disruption Events And

--- Page 830 ---
830 
 
 
Optional Additional Disruption Events) and ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Loss Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Loss Threshold Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Lower Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Lowest Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(a); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(a). 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"LPN Issuer" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"LPN Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"LPN" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"M" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr), in Credit 
Security Condition 13 (Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"m" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 831 ---
831 
 
 
"M1" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n);  
"M2" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"M(M)R Restructuring" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Management Fee Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Margin" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n) and in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee 
Deduction); 
"Market Disruption Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), in Share Security 
Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt Security Condition 3 
(Market Disruption), Commodity Security Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Futures Security Condition 2 
(Market Disruption); 
"Market Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Material Change in Content" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Material Change in Formula" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Maturity Extension Notice Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Maturity Extension Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Max Exposure" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Max" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Maximum Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Maximum Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.3 (a); 
"Maximum Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Maximum Maturity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Maximum MFP Call Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1 (d); 
"Maximum Payout Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Maximum AES Reference Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c);

--- Page 832 ---
832 
 
 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"MBFL" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"MBFL Deed of Guarantee" is as defined in paragraph 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Mediobanca International" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Mediobanca" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee" is as defined in paragraph 9 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Merger Event Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Merger Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1, in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in 
ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) 
"Method for Determining Obligations" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"MFP ACS Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"MFP ACS Valuation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"MFP ACS Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(l); 
"MFP AES Value 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"MFP AES Value 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"MFP AES Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"MFP APS Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"MFP APS Valuation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"MFP APS Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions);

--- Page 833 ---
833 
 
 
"MFP Call Calculation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Call Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Call Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Call CSN Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Call Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d);  
"MFP Call Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) 
"MFP Call Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Reference Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Settlement Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Spread Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Call Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d)  
"MFP Call Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d) 
"MFP Call Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Date Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);  
"MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions);

--- Page 834 ---
834 
 
 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions);  
"MFP EndDay Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"MFP Entitlement Amounts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP ES Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"MFP Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Memory Snowball Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Put Calculation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d) and Formulas Condition 3.1(e); 
"MFP Put CSN Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d);  
"MFP Put Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Put Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Reference Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Settlement Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Spread Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d);

--- Page 835 ---
835 
 
 
"MFP Put Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d); 
"MFP Put Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d) and Formulas Condition 3.1(e); 
"MFP Put Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1 (d) and Formulas Condition 3.1(e); 
"MFP Put Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(d) and Formulas Condition 3.1(e); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Remuneration Rates" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP StartDay Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"MFP Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d) and Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Call Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MID" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1 under the definition of Illiquidity; 
"Min Exposure" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Min" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Minimum Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Minimum Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh);

--- Page 836 ---
836 
 
 
"Minimum Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"MinimumAES Reference Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Mixed Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Barrier Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (iii); 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (iii); 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (j) and in in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k);  
"Mixed Coupon Constant 2(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (j) and in in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 3(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (j) and in in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k);  
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (j) and in in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 3(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (k); 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (iii); 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (iii); 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Modified Postponement" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Modified Underlying Percentage" s as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Monetisation Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c); 
"Monte Titoli Accountholder" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Moody's" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.25 and in Fund Security Condition 2.38;

--- Page 837 ---
837 
 
 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Multi-Exchange Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Multiple Default Trigger" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and in 
Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5 (c), in General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mutual Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"N" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd), 1.1(eee), in 
Formulas Condition 5.1 (f), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (n), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (o), in Formulas Condition 
7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"n" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ddd), 1.1(ddd), in formulas Condition 5.1 (f), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (n), in Formulas Condition 5.1 (o), 
in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"n(t-1,t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"NA" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in General Security Condition 15 (b); 
"Nationalisation" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"NAV per Fund Share" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Event" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Period" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 838 ---
838 
 
 
"Nearby Month" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"nEDS" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"nEDs 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"nEDS 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"nEDS 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"nEDS(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ccc) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"nEDS(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"nEnd days" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Net Proceeds" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(e); 
"New Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"New Certificate Ratio" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Next Currency Fixing Time" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"No Auction Announcement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non- Approval Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Debt Security 
Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation), and in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Index 
Security Condition 5.1; 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions);

--- Page 839 ---
839 
 
 
"Non-Contingent Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Financial Instrument" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Financial Rating Agency" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Non-Financial Rating" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and 
in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"NOPS Cut-off Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"NOPS Effective Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Bearer" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Domestic Currency" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Domestic Issuance" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Domestic Law" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Sovereign Lender" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Not Subordinated" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Notice Delivery Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Notice Delivery Period" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Notional Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"NSkt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 840 ---
840 
 
 
"nStart days" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Nth to Default Linear Basket Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Nth" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions) and Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Security" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Number of Value Publication Days" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Number(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1 (d); 
"Obligation Acceleration" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Obligation Category" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Obligation Characteristic" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Obligation Currency" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Obligation Default" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Observation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Observation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Observation Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Observation Price Source" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in Formulas Condition 1.2 
(Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities), in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Observation Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Observation Time(s)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities);

--- Page 841 ---
841 
 
 
"Official Settlement Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Omission" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (v), in Formulas Condition 
1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu) (vi), and in Formulas Condition 1.1(mmm); 
"Option 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Option 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Option 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Option Down 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Option Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Option Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz); in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa) 
"Option Up 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Option Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Option Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy); in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz); in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa);  
"Optionn" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Optionj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Call)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call 
Option); 
"Optional Cash Settlement Amount (Put)" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.8 (Securityholders

--- Page 842 ---
842 
 
 
Put Option); 
"Optional Settlement Date (Call)" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Optional Settlement Date (Put)" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Optional Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.7(a), in General Security 
Condition 17.8(a), in Formulas Condition 3.1(a) in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Optionj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Options Exchange" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(d) and in ETI Security Condition 6.2 (a)(ii); 
"Original Assets" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Original Bonds" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Original Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 15(a) (ii); 
"Original Loans" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Original Obligation(s)" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Outstanding Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Outstanding Bonus Remuneration Rate" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Outstanding Notional Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Package Observable Bond" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Paid Coupon" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Paid FX Memory Coupons" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (p); 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Parallel Auction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 843 ---
843 
 
 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Parity" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities), and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Participating Bidders" is as defined in the Annex to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities 
- Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in Formulas Conditions 1.1(jj) and 1.1(nn); 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in Formulas Conditions 1.1(jj) and 1.1(nn); 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c), in General Security Condition 17.7 
(Issuer Call Option), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(e), in Formulas Condition 
3.1(f), in Formulas Condition 4.1(e), and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions),  
"Payment Requirement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Payment" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Payout Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Rate Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Payout FX Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout Switch" is as defined in General Security Condition 19.1; 
"Performance of Components" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Performance of Underlying 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Performance of Underlying 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 844 ---
844 
 
 
"Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Permitted Contingency" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Permitted Transfer" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Physical Delivery Certificates" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.3 (Physical Settlement); 
"Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 21.1 (Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice Requirement); 
"Physical delivery securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Physical Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Physical Settlement Period" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Pk" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Post Reverse Split Cash Amount is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10; 
"Post Reverse Split Certificate Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Postponed Payment Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Settlement Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Postponed Settlement Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Settlement Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Postponed Redemption Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Postponement" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Event) and in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event);

--- Page 845 ---
845 
 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event) and in 
Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event); 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Potential Failure to Pay" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"PP" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"PRDC Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (r); 
"Premium Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (Definitions); 
"Premium" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (Definitions); 
"Preset" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Price Source Disruption" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Commodity 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Price Source" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Commodity Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Principal Financial Centre" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in 
Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Prior Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Private-side Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Proceedings" is as defined in General Security Condition 12(d); 
"Programme" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Prohibited Action" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Prospectus Regulation" is as defined in paragraph 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 846 ---
846 
 
 
"Protected Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions), in Futures Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Currency Security Condition 5 
(Futures Price Valuation), Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), 
Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Protection Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Protection Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Public Source" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Publicly Available Information" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi); 
"Put 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo) (iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Put 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo) (iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Put 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.8(c), and 17.8(d); 
"Put Option" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Put Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1 (Securityholder Put Option Payouts Formulas); 
"Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i), in 
Formulas Condition 1,1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (x), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (xi), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu) (vi);

--- Page 847 ---
847 
 
 
"Put Spread 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Put Spread 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (viii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt) (iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) (vii); 
"Put Spread 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Put Spread(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put Spread(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"PW" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg); 
"Q" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (fff) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"q" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Qualifying Guarantee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Quantum of the Claim" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Quotation Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Quotation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"r" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c); 
"Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Range 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp); 
"Range 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp);

--- Page 848 ---
848 
 
 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Cut-off Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range nth" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ppp); 
"Range Period End Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Ranked Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Rate 1(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate 2(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate Calculation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Rate Multiplier" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Rate Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate_1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Rate_2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv);

--- Page 849 ---
849 
 
 
"Rate_n" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Rebased Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Inflation Index Security 
Condition 4.5 (Rebasing); 
"Record Date(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition (n); 
"Recovery Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Redemption Proceeds" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Settlement Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Reference Amount" rate is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reference Amount Rate" rate is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reference Amount Spread Rate" rate is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reference Banks" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Reference Dealers" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Entity Weighting" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 
8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 
8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Reference Interest Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reference Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n), in General Security Condition 17.5, in 
General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 
3.1(f), in Formulas Condition 4.1(e), in Inflation Index Security 2.1(b);

--- Page 850 ---
850 
 
 
"Reference Level0" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n), in General Security Condition 17.5, in 
General Security Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Formulas Condition 
3.1(f), in Formulas Condition 4.1(e), in Inflation Index Security 2.1(b); 
"Reference Month" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Obligation Only" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reference Price" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n) and in Debt Security Condition 
(Definitions); 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Reference Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Reference Rate(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Reference Ratet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
“Reference Time” is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (d); 
"Regular Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Rejection Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Related Bond" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Related Exchange" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Relative Performance Basket" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in General Security Conditions 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event), 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement) and 22(n); 
"Relevant Annex" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Asset" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Authority" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 851 ---
851 
 
 
"Relevant Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.6 
(Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1); 
"Relevant Basket" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Relevant Basket(i)"is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr); 
"Relevant Business Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final 
Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 
and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Relevant City Business Day" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.7 (vi); 
"Relevant Determination Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Relevant Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.20, Fund Security Condition 2.28,  
"Relevant Financial Centre" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n) 
“Relevant Governmental Body” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"Relevant Guarantee" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Holder" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Relevant Obligations" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Observation Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Relevant Period" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Relevant Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Screen Page" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Relevant Swap Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d) and in Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Condition 4; 
"Relevant Valuation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Remuneration Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n);

--- Page 852 ---
852 
 
 
"Remuneration Barrier Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Barrier Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Barrier Observation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Barrier Observation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Commencement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Commencement" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Determination Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (b)(iv), in General 
Security Condition 22 (c) (iii), in General Security Condition 22(d) and in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Observation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Payment Condition Observation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Payment Condition" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Payment Date(s) " is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Remuneration Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Remuneration Range 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Remuneration Range 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Remuneration Range nth" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (aa)(iv); 
"Remuneration Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Remuneration Rate Settlement Value" rate is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Remuneration Shortfall Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Remuneration Shortfall Payment Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Remuneration Valuation Date(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);

--- Page 853 ---
853 
 
 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Replacement Reference Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Replicating CDS" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Representative Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d), in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 4; 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reset Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA 
Determination); 
"Reset Event Determination Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Event" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Threshold Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Threshold" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Resettable Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Resolve" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Resolved" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Resolves" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Restructuring Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 854 ---
854 
 
 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Restructuring" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Reverse Capped Securities Percentage 5" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Reverse Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reverse Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reverse Split" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Effective Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Notice Period is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10;  
"Reverse Split Valuation Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.10 
"Revised Currency Rate" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"rm" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rollover Costst" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rollover Costst-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rollover Ratio(0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"Rollover Ratio(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a);

--- Page 855 ---
855 
 
 
"Rules" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"S&P" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.25 and in Fund Security Condition 2.38; 
"S" is as defined in General Security Condition 20 (c); 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of 
Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Scheduled Ex-Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Scheduled Remuneration Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Settlement Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 1

--- Page 856 ---
856 
 
 
(Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in 
Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Screen Determined Rate" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (d) (ii); 
"Screen Page Reference Rate(s)" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (d) (ii); 
"Second Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Second Settlement Currency" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"Securities" is as defined in paragraph 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities,  
"Security and Securities" is as defined in paragraph 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"General Security Conditions" is as defined in paragraph 1 of Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas) 
"Security Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Security Threshold" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Security" is as defined in paragraph 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Securities Act" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions);  
"Securityholder" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"SeDeX" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in 
Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, 
Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities); 
"Senior Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Senior Transaction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Seniority Level" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Series" is as defined in paragraph 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 857 ---
857 
 
 
"Settled Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(b); 
"Settlement Business Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Currency Barrier Condition" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised 
Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities) and in Credit Security Condition 
13 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Cycle" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security Condition 11 
(Definitions), in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price 
Valuation), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), and in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Method" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Settlement Preliminary Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Premium" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(w), and in Formulas Condition 1.1(x); 
"Settlement Price Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Settlement Price Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) 
and 5.1, in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security 
Condition 1 (Settlement Price) and Debt Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation), in Commodity Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 
4 (Settlement Price) and Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), and in Futures Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Settlement Residual Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 858 ---
858 
 
 
"Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"SFP Call Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SFP Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SFP Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SFP Put Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Share Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Share Correction Period" is as defined in Share Security Condition (Definitions); 
"Share Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 11 (Share Event); 
"Share Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Share" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 5.2(c) and in Fund 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions)  
"Significant Alteration Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1(Definitions); 
"Simple Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Security" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Snowball Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Snowball Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
“SOFR” is as defined in General Security Condition 22(d); 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions);

--- Page 859 ---
859 
 
 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Sovereign Succession Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Sovereign" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Specified Currency" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Specified Duration" is as defined in General Security Condition 22(n); 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), ETI 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Specified Number" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Specified Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Speed Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Spread Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i) 
and in Formulas Condition 1.1. (oo)(iv); 
"Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Spread Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv); 
"Spread Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv); 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Spread(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SRM Regulation" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"SRO List" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq) (ii);

--- Page 860 ---
860 
 
 
"Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii); 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Standard Specified Currencies" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Steps Plan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Strategy Business Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Strike Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Inflation Index Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Strike Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv); 
"Strike Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo) (vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (ii) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt) (iv); 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(rr); 
"Strike Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (ddd), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (eee); 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and 
1.1(eee); 
"Strike Period" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 861 ---
861 
 
 
"Structuring Fee" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee Deduction); 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee Deduction); 
"Subordinated Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Subordinated Transaction" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Subordination" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Substitute Asset" is as defined in General Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay 
the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Substitute Commodity Reference Price" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3 (b); 
"Substitute Commodity" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3 (b); 
"Substitute ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Substitute Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 8(b) and in Debt Security 
Condition 9(b); 
"Substitute Index Component" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 3 (b); 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and 
Inflation Index Security Condition 2.1 (Delay in Publication); 
"Substitute Inflation" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 2.1; 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions). 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Substitute" is as defined in General Security Condition 11.1 (a); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.2, in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions), in Commodity Security Condition 3(b), Share Security Condition 5.2(e), ETI Security Condition 
6.2(b); 
"Substitution Event Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Substitution Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 862 ---
862 
 
 
"Substitution" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b) and in Fund Security Condition 4.2(b); 
"succeed" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"succeeded" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Succession Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"succession" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Successor Backstop Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Successor Commodity Index" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(a); 
"Successor Index Sponsor" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 4(a) and in Index Security 
Condition 3.1 (Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index); 
"Successor Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.1 (Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and 
Reports an Index); 
"Successor Inflation Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and Inflation 
Index Security Condition 3 (Successor Inflation Index); 
"Successor Provisions" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 12(c); 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Successor" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Surviving Reference Entity" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 9 (c)(ii) and Credit Security Condition 
13 (Definitions); 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" is as defined in General Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"T" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"t" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.3 (Structuring Fee Deduction) and in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
 
"Target Coupon Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Target Determination Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Target Final Remuneration Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 863 ---
863 
 
 
"T2 Settlement Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n) and in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"T2 Settlement Day" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"T2" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Target Volatility" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"T2" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Tax Disruption" is as defined in Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Tax Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.18 and in Fund Security Condition 2.26;  
"Tender Offer" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 5.1 and in 
Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Termination Amount" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Termination Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Termination" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(c) and Fund Security Condition 4.2(c); 
"Tolerance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Trade Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Trading Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Commodity Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and 
Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Tranche Size" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Tranche" is as defined in paragraph 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Tranched Credit Securities" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Transaction Type" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Transferable" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 864 ---
864 
 
 
"Treaty" is as defined in General Security Condition 15 (b); 
"Trigger Percentage" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 10 (b)(iii); 
"U(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"U(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"U.S. Volcker Rule" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 2.31; 
"Undeliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 4 
(Determination of Underlying Interest Rate); 
"Underlying Interest Rate 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (cc); 
"Underlying Interest Rate 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 5.1 (cc); 
"Underlying Interest Rate Securities" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Underlying ISDA Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Underlying Loan" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Underlying Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Underlying Obligor" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Underlying Price(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Underlying Price(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Underlying Reference 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1 (c) and 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1 (d); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b);

--- Page 865 ---
865 
 
 
"Underlying Reference FX Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Initial" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage " is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c); 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in General Security Condition 17.5(c) and in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b);  
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b);  
"Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b);  
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 866 ---
866 
 
 
"Underlying Reference Value Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b);  
"Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(d); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Underlying Reference Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in General Security Conditions 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event), General Security Condition 17.5 (Automatic Early Settlement), General Security 
Condition 17.7 (Issuer Call Option), Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) Formulas Condition 
1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, Automatic Early 
Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities); 
"Underlying Share" is as defined in General Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Underlying Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"Underlying Transactions" is as defined in General Security Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Universal Successor" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Unsettled Credit Event" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Unsettled Retention Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Unwinding Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Up Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas Condition 
1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Up Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Up Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Up Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 867 ---
867 
 
 
"Up Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (yy), in Formulas Condition 
1.1 (zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Up Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Upper Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Upside Participation Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"UR(0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"UR(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"UR(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"UR(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 3.1(a); 
"UR(ti-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Valid Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Valuation Date" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in 
Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Securities, 
Automatic Early Settlement Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities), in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions), in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions), 
in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Valuation Obligation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Valuation Time" is as defined in General Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Credit Security Condition 13 
(Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Business Day" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 868 ---
868 
 
 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Trigger Percentage" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Trigger Period" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Vanilla Call Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Voting Shares" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"VWA Closing Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under the definition of Closing 
Price; 
"VWA Settlement Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under the definition of 
Settlement Price; 
"W(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii); 
"W Target0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"W(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (qq) (i) and 1.1 (qq)(ii) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr); 
"W*1 = W1 = W0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W*t+1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W*t+2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Final Price" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Weighted Average Quotation" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions);

--- Page 869 ---
869 
 
 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(a); 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighting" is as defined General Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Worst Click Value" is as defined in in Formulas Condition 8.1(c);  
"Worst Greatest Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Worst Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1 (a); 
"Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Writedown Amount" is as defined in Credit Security Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Wt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt+1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt-1Target" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"WtTarget" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Y1" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"Y2" is as defined in General Security Condition 22 (n); 
"YoY Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions).

--- Page 870 ---
870 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Security will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Securities represented 
by a Global Security, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities to "Securityholder" are 
references to the bearer of the relevant Global Security which, for so long as the Global Security is held by a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
will be that common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Security (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Security and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Security. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Security will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Securities are represented by the Global Security, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due under the 
Securities and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global 
Security. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Securities 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Security is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Security, the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Security, duly authenticated to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the number of Securities represented by such 
Permanent Global Security, where applicable, in accordance with its terms, 
as specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) 
surrender of the Temporary Global Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Security is to be exchanged for Definitive Securities, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the relevant number of Definitive Securities, duly 
authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security against the surrender of the Temporary Global 
Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
If:

--- Page 871 ---
871 
 
 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Security has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof, where applicable, 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global 
Security has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Security for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Security; or 
(b) 
Definitive Securities have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Temporary Global Security has requested exchange of the Temporary Global 
Security for Definitive Securities; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Security (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the date for final settlement of a Temporary Global Security 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amounts falling due thereunder has not been 
made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Security on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Security (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Security or increase 
the number of Securities represented thereby, where applicable, or deliver Definitive Securities, as the case may 
be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on 
such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Security will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Security or 
others may have under the Deeds of Covenant. Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Temporary Global Security will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Security became void, they had been 
the holders of a number of Definitive Securities equal to the number of Securities they were shown as holding in 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Security for Definitive Securities pursuant to General Security Condition 
8 (Notices). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Securities 
Whenever a Permanent Global Security is to be exchanged for Definitive Securities, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the relevant number of Definitive Securities, duly 
authenticated to the bearer of the Permanent Global Security against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Securities have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Permanent Global Security has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Security for Definitive Securities; or

--- Page 872 ---
872 
 
 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Security (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the date for final settlement of the Securities has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amounts falling due thereunder has not been made to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Security in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Security 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Security (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Securities) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Security will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Security 
or others may have under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Permanent Global Security will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Security became void, they 
had been the holders of a number of Definitive Securities equal to the number of Securities they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Security for Definitive Securities pursuant to General Security Condition 
8 (Notices)  
Conditions applicable to Global Securities 
Each Global Security will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as they 
apply to the Global Security. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Security will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Security to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
Notices: Notwithstanding General Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the Securities, while all the Securities are 
represented by a Permanent Global Security (or by a Permanent Global Security and/or a Temporary Global 
Security) and the Permanent Global Security is (or the Permanent Global Security and/or the Temporary Global 
Security are) deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, notices to Securityholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) of the Securities on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system; provided, however, that, so long as the Securities are listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation 
in 
Ireland 
or 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(http://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 873 ---
873 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of 
Securities will be used for the general corporate purposes of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 874 ---
874 
 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 2022. 
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial deed 
drawn up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company 
incorporated under Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies’ Register under 
Registration no. 00714490158 having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico 
Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: 
PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction 
over any disputes arising against it. At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
444,515,142,5, represented by 849,948,824 registered shares. 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history 
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially affected or 
that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s ability to meet its obligations towards third 
parties. 
On 24 May 2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved its 2023-26 Strategic Plan One Brand – One 
Culture (the “Strategic Plan”), which identifies a series of actions across all divisions to contribute to a more 
sustainable future in terms of reducing environmental impacts, attention to inclusion and diversity and 
community support. The Strategic Plan contains certain targets to be reached (the “Plan Objectives”) relating to 
Environmental, Social and Governance issues. As at the date hereof, the Plan Objectives and strategic targets 
were generally confirmed.  
Mediobanca has been assigned with the following rating levels: 
Rating agency 
Short-term debt 
Long-term debt 
Outlook 
Most 
recent 
rating action 
S&P’s 
A-2 
BBB 
Stable 
25 October 2023 
Fitch Ratings 
F3 
BBB 
Stable 
5 March 2024 
Moody’s 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
21 November 2023 
 
Mediobanca will publish updated information on its ratings on its website www.mediobanca.com in the specific 
section www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.

--- Page 875 ---
875 
 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one 
year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The 
obligor’s 
capacity 
to 
meet 
its 
financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
AA 
The 
obligor’s 
capacity 
to 
meet 
its 
financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The 
obligor’s 
capacity 
to 
meet 
its 
financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor’s capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor’s) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one 
year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has

--- Page 876 ---
876 
 
 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, 
financial, or economic conditions which could lead to 
the obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment than 
obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has the 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor’s capacity or 
willingness to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In the event 
of adverse business, financial, or economic conditions, 
the obligor is not likely to have the capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are currently 
highly vulnerable to nonpayment, obligations that 
have payment arrearages allowed by the terms of the 
documents, or obligations of an issuer that is the 
subject of a bankruptcy petition or similar action 
which have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation; 
however, 
it 
faces 
major 
ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor’s 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s believes that

--- Page 877 ---
877 
 
 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s believes that 
such payments will be made during such grace period. 
such payments will be made during such grace period 
NB:  ratings from “AA” to “CCC” inclusive can be modified by adding the “+” or “-” minus sign to specify 
the position. 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG 
TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one 
year 
SHORT 
TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They are 
assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong capacity 
for payment of financial commitments. This capacity 
is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions 
than is the case for higher ratings. 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. 
The 
capacity 
for 
payment 
of 
financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an added 
“+” to denote any exceptionally strong credit feature. 
 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments is adequate. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings)

--- Page 878 ---
878 
 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one 
year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which supports 
the servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited 
margin 
of 
safety 
remains. 
Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration 
in 
the 
business 
and 
economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings’ opinion has 
entered 
into bankruptcy filings, 
administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up 
procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more of 
its financial commitments, although it continues to 
meet other financial obligations. Applicable to entity 
ratings only. 
 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, or 
the default of a short-term obligation. 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody’s please see below the Moody’s rating scale: 
LONG TERM

--- Page 879 ---
879 
 
 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
Baa 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal 
or interest. 
Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid 
securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody’s) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) ("S&P"), 
Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which are established 
in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are included in the

--- Page 880 ---
880 
 
 
latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA – see www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk.  
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
As provided in Article 3 of the company’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are segmented as follows: 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset administration and management 
services provided to clients as indicated at pages 38-43 of the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca.  
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to 
corporate clients as indicated at pages 44-50 of the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for 
the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca. It should be noted that in October 2023 the 
closing of the acquisition of Arma Partners (which entered into the Group's perimeter within the 
Wholesale Banking area starting from the second quarter of the 2023/2024 financial year) occurred. 
• 
Consumer Finance (CF): this division brings together all the activities described at pages 51-54 of the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of 
Mediobanca.  
• 
Insurance – Principal Investing (PI): this division comprises the Group’s portfolio of equity 
investments and holdings, as indicated at pages 55-56 of the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca.   
• 
Holding Functions (HF): this division brings together all the activities described at pages 57-58 of the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of 
Mediobanca.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca has a market capitalization of approximately €11.8 billion.  
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
Wealth Management 
Premier – Mediobanca Premier

--- Page 881 ---
881 
 
 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Premier clients through its subsidiary Mediobanca Premier 
(previously CheBanca!). 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between MB Private Banking, CMB Monaco (“CMB”) and Spafid 
(the latter provides fiduciary services). 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Polus Capital, RAM and 
Mediobanca SGR. 
For further information in relation to the Wealth Management segment, please refer to pages 38-43 of the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them 
grow and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into Client Business and Proprietary Trading. Client Business 
includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division and Market Division. 
1. 
Client Business - Investment Banking 
Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial 
advisory services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés, in 
which it holds an 100% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial 
issues and a consolidated track record in executing deals.  
Mid Corporate 
The activity traditionally addressed to large corporates is accompanied by that aimed at mid corporates. This 
activity has been developed in collaboration with Private Banking and allows the bank to assist the Group's 
clients both in the management of their personal assets and in business consultancy.  
Messier & Associés 
Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in France, with clients at both 
national and international level, it specializes in M&A advisory services and in financial sponsors activity. The 
company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring activities. 
Equity capital markets

--- Page 882 ---
882 
 
 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has an important role internationally in structuring, co-ordinating and 
executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and ABOs, and 
bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares). 
2. 
Client Business - Debt division 
Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams operate through the branch offices located in Paris, London and Madrid. The main Lending 
& Structured Finance area products are, respectively: (i) bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans; and (ii) 
financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of leveraged transactions to 
acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies. Mediobanca International’s business is mainly focused in this 
area. 
Debt capital market 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its clients’ needs for financing. 
3. 
Client Business - Market division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income securities, foreign exchange 
products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. The division’s activities are divided into the 
following areas: (i) CMS; (ii) Equity derivatives institutional marketing; and (iii) MB Securities. 
4. 
Proprietary Trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: (i) Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, 
Global Macro); and (ii) Equity & Derivatives Trading. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities are 
managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit Solutions. 
For further information in relation to the Corporate and Investment Banking segment, please refer to pages 57-62 
of the consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2023 of Mediobanca. 
Consumer Finance – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has been operating in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. In 
the first quarter of the 2022-23 financial year, the intense activity in digital innovation resulted in two 
acquisitions that consolidate Compass' presence in the non-onerous payment deferrals for customers business 
(so-called "Buy Now Pay Later" or "BNPL"): the acquisition of HeidiPay, a Swiss-based fintech company that 
has been operating since 2021 which has brought agreements with distributors and luxury brands capable of 
accelerating international development, and the acquisition of Soisy, a fintech company operating in Italy and 
characterized by a know-how in offering loans aimed at purchasing goods and services on e-commerce

--- Page 883 ---
883 
 
 
platforms. The two transactions will allow Compass to continue its BNPL growth strategy. The expansion and 
diversification of the customer base will also make it possible to cross-sell Compass products to younger target 
clients that are oriented towards online purchases. The acquisition of HeidiPay will also make it possible to 
launch a geographical diversification activity, with an international presence as well.  
For further information in relation to the Consumer Finance segment, please refer to pages 51-54 of the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca. 
Insurance 
The Insurance division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali, which is 
consolidated using the equity method. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital as at 
31/12/23 
Book value as at 
31/12/23 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali  
Insurance 
13.25% 
3,599.5 
 
For further information in relation to the Insurance segment, please refer to pages 55-56 of the unaudited 
consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca. 
Holding Functions 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca 
Popolare di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralized at parent company level with the objective of optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding unit is responsible for the Group’s funding. With regard 
to the issuance of securities, the Group Funding Unit is responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt 
products, the proceeds from which are used to finance the Bank’s activities. Funding operations take the form 
primarily of the issuance of securities, both plain vanilla and structured. Securities are placed with retail 
investors through public offerings implemented via the Wealth Management division companies’ proprietary 
network or third-party banking networks and via direct sales on the MOT bond market. Demand from 
institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of 
bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific requirements. 
NPL management 
For further information on the NPL portfolio acquisition business, please refer at page 58 of the unaudited 
consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca.

--- Page 884 ---
884 
 
 
For further information in relation to the Holding Functions segment, please refer to pages 57-58 of the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 of Mediobanca. 
For the main data relating to the Group companies which have not been previously indicated, please refer to 
pages 63-64 of the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 
of Mediobanca. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have been 
introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Main markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approximately 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular: 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Polus Capital (which operates in the United Kingdom) 
and as at 31 December 2023 employs 2,233 staff, with approximately 1,253 financial 
advisors/relationship managers and 206 branches/financial shops; 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): in WB, half the revenues and loan book is originated by the 
Italian market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain and the United Kingdom); while 
Specialty Finance activities are focused on the domestic Italian market. As at 31 December 2023 the 
division employs 730 staff; 
• 
Consumer Finance (CF): activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and as at 31 December 2023 
the division employs approximately 1,533 staff at 259 branches/agencies; 
• 
Leasing activities primarily target the domestic market. 
Mediobanca is currently authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the United 
Kingdom (UK) to provide investment services both from its London branch and on a cross-border basis into the 
UK. As at 31 December 2023 the total number of staff employed by the London branch is 63.  
As far as regards UK-based Group company Polus Capital Management Group Limited (“Polus”), the company 
has delegated management of its funds to an Ireland-based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland 
Limited), which in turn has sub-delegated management back to Polus itself. Polus will therefore continue to 
handle the investment strategies and portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, 
though, will be performed by a company in the process of being set up to be owned by Polus. 
Basis of any statement made by the Issuers in the Base Prospectus regarding their competitive position 
The Base Prospectus contains no statement by the Issuers regarding their competitive position.

--- Page 885 ---
885 
 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof.

--- Page 886 ---
886

--- Page 887 ---
887 
 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus is shown below: 
 
Group Companies included in the area of consolidation 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Name 
Registered 
Office 
Ownership 
 
 
 
 
Controlling 
entity 
% ownership 
Voting 
rights in 
% 
A.1 
Line-by-line method 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO 
FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
Milan 
- 
- 
- 
2 
SPAFID S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
3 
MEDIOBANCA 
INNOVATION 
SERVICES - S.C.P.A. 
Milan  
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
4 
CMB MONACO S.A.M. 
Monaco 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
5 
CMG MONACO S.A.M. 
Monaco 
A.1.4 
99.92 
99.92 
6 
MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.1 
A.1.7 
99.0 
1.0 
99.0 
1.0 
7 
COMPASS BANCA S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
8 
MEDIOBANCA 
PREMIER 
S.P.A. 
(formerly CHEBANCA! S.P.A.) 
Milan 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
9 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.7 
100.0 
100.0 
10 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.1 
60.0 
60.0 
11 
MB FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
12 
MEDIOBANCA 
SECURITIES 
USA 
LLC 
New York 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
13 
MB FACTA S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
14 
QUARZO S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.7 
90.0 
90.0

--- Page 888 ---
888 
 
 
15 
MEDIOBANCA 
COVERED 
BOND 
S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.8 
90.0 
90.0 
16 
COMPASS RE (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.7 
100.0 
100.0 
17 
MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
IMMOBILIERE S. A R.L. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.6 
100.0 
100.0 
18 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
GROUP LIMITED 
London 
A.1.1 
89.07(*) 
63.8 
19 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
LIMITED 
London 
A.1.18 
100.0 
100.0 
20 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
(US) INC. 
Wilmington 
(USA) 
A.1.18 
100.0 
100.0 
21 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
INVESTMENTS 
LIMITED 
(non-
operating) 
London 
A.1.18 
100.0 
100.0 
22 
POLUS INVESTMENT MANAGERS 
LIMITED (non-operating) 
London 
A.1.18 
100.0 
100.0 
23 
BYBROOK 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT 
LIMITED 
Grand 
Cayman 
A.1.18 
100.0 
100.0 
24 
BYBROOK 
CAPITAL 
BURTON 
PARTNERSHIP (GP) LIMITED 
Grand 
Cayman 
A.1.23 
100.0 
100.0 
25 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM 
Milan 
A.1.2 
100.0 
100.0 
26 
SPAFID TRUST S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.2 
100.0 
100.0 
27 
MEDIOBANCA 
MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY S.A. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
28 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.P.A. 
Milan 
A.1.1 
100.0 
100.0 
29 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS S.A. 
Geneva 
A.1.1 
98.3(**) 
93 
30 
RAM 
ACTIVE 
INVESTMENTS 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Luxembourg 
A.1.29 
100.0 
100.0 
31 
MESSIER ET ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
Paris 
A.1.1 
100.0(***) 
79.5 
32 
MESSIER ET ASSOCIES L.L.C. 
New York 
A.1.31 
100.0(***) 
50 
33 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.10 
100.0 
100.0 
34 
COMPASS RENT S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.7 
100.0 
 
35 
COMPASS LINK S.R.L. 
Milan 
A.1.7 
100.0

--- Page 889 ---
889 
 
 
36 
RAM 
ACTIVE 
INVESTMENTS 
LIMITED (UK) (in liquidation) 
London  
A.1.29 
100.0 
 
37 
CMB 
REAL 
ESTATE 
DEVELOPMENT S.A.M. 
Monaco 
A.1.4 
A.1.1 
60.0 
40.0 
 
38 
ARMA PARTNERS LLP 
London 
A.1.1 
100.0 
 
39 
ARMA 
PARTNERS 
CORPORATE 
FINANCE LTD 
London 
A.1.38 
100.0 
 
40 
ARMA DEUTSCHLAND GMBH 
Munich  
A.1.38 
100.0 
 
41 
HEIDIPAY SWITZERLAND AG 
Geneva  
A.1.7 
100.0 
 
* Taking into account the put and call option exercisable as from the third anniversary of the closing date of the transaction. 
** Taking into account the put and call options exercisable from the third to the tenth anniversary of the closing date of the transaction. 
*** Taking into account the put and call option exercisable from the fifth anniversary of the closing date of the transaction. 
 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
No material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca’s or the Group’s prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2023. 
No material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group 
since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2023. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could reasonably be 
expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts known 
which could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current financial year. 
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that in the Republic of Italy an extraordinary tax on banks’ 
extra-profits has been introduced with Italian Law Decree No. 104 of 10 August 2023, as converted into Italian 
Law No. 136 of 9 October 2023. The amount of such extraordinary tax is determined by applying a rate of 40% 
on the amount of the interest margin included in item 30 of the income statement prepared in accordance with 
the formats approved by the Bank of Italy for the financial year preceding the one in progress as of 1 January 
2024, which exceeds by at least 10% the same interest margin for the financial year preceding the one in 
progress as of 1 January 2022. The amount of such extraordinary tax may not exceed 0.26 per cent of the total 
amount of risk exposure on an individual basis determined at the end of the financial year preceding the one in 
progress as of 1 January 2023. As an alternative to paying the tax, the law provides for the possibility to allocate 
to an unavailable reserve an amount of not less than two and a half times the same tax. If the reserve thus 
established is subsequently used to distribute profits, the suspended tax becomes payable again and payment -

--- Page 890 ---
890 
 
 
plus interest accrued from 31 January 2024 - must be made within thirty days of the resolution approving the 
profits distribution being adopted. On the basis of the above, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has taken up 
the option provided for in the new measure and proposed to the shareholders' meeting - which approved such 
proposal on 28 October 2023 - the establishment of a reserve of non-distributable profits of €210 million (vis-à-
vis a tax estimated at €82.6 million), without having any impact on the income statement. 
The long-term consequences of the health crisis due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian-Ukrainian and 
Israeli-Palestinian conflicts could impact further on the Italian economic situation and hence on the credit 
quality, capitalization and profitability of Mediobanca, which operates mainly on the domestic market.  
Stagflation has been confirmed as a likely factor in the next financial year, with an increase in the level of prices 
coupled with weak growth in the second half of the year especially. 
The following events, occurred after the end of the financial year as at 30 June 2023, should be noted: 
– the completion of the acquisition by Compass Banca of 100% of Heidi Pay Switzerland AG (a subsidiary of 
the associate company Heidi Pay which was acquired in the first few months of the new financial year), 
specializing in BNPL with over 400 commercial agreements with major distributors, luxury brands and 
technology operators. The closing of the acquisition occurred on 16 October 2023; 
– the completion of the sale to Banca Ifis of Revalea S.p.A. as part of a broader co-operation agreement for the 
management of non-performing loans involving MBCredit Solutions (which will work alongside the purchaser 
in the management and recovery of non-performing receivables and NPLs). The closing of the transaction 
occurred on 31 October 2023; 
– the launch in December 2023 of MB Speed-Up, a joint venture set up in conjunction with London-based 
company builder and early-stage investor Founders Factory, with the aim of facilitating the promotion of, and 
investment in, fintech companies; and 
– on 15 January 2024 CheBanca! changed its name in Mediobanca Premier and operates as a bank specialized in 
wealth management and investment services for Italian households. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing its new 2023-26 Strategic Plan One Brand – One Culture.  
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION  
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided below, 
as updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2023. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published from 
time to time on the Issuer’s website in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set out under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 891 ---
891 
 
 
The Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2023 for the 2024, 2025 and 2026 financial years until the date 
on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2026 will be approved, is made up of fifteen members, twelve of 
whom qualify as independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian Legislative Decree 58/98 and also under 
Article 19 of Mediobanca’s Articles of Association. Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms 
of gender balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term of office 
expires 
Independenc
e 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Renato 
Pagliaro 
Chairman 
Milan, 20/2/57 
28/10/26 
 
 
Alberto 
Nagel1 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/26 
 
- 
Virginie 
Banet 
Director 
Neuilly sur 
Seine (France), 
18/1/66 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Chairperson, Iolite 
Financial Consulting 
Director, Lagardère 
Francesco 
Saverio 
Vinci1 
Group 
General 
Manager 
Milan, 10/11/62 
28/10/26 
 
- 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata, 
10/7/63 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Sirti 
Director, Sofina 
Angela 
Gamba 
Lead 
Independent 
Director, 
Director 
Palazzolo 
sull'Oglio (BS), 
15/8/70 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments 
S.r.l. 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay (France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, Socfinasia 
Director, Financiére de 
L’Odet 
Maximo 
Ibarra 
Director 
Calì (Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Engineering 
Ingegneria Informatica,  
Chairman, Engineering D 
HUB S.p.A. 
Chairman, Cybertech 
Chairman, Overlord Bidco 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
Deputy 
Chairperson
, Director 
Rome, 14/9/57 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Co-Founder and Executive 
Chairman of Trilantic 
Europe 
Laura Penna 
Director 
Lecco, 26/12/65 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, Compass  
 
Angel Vilà 
Boix 
Director 
Barcellona 
(Spain), 
29/7/64 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
COO Telefónica S. A. 
Director, Virgin Media O2 
Ltd. 
Marco 
Giorgino 
Director 
Bari, 11/12/69 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, Terna 
Director, Real Step SICAF 
Mana Abedi 
Director 
Teheran (Iran), 
06/11/68 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
- 
Sandro 
Panizza 
Director 
Monclassico 
(TN), 
02/7/58 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
- 
Sabrina Pucci Deputy 
Chairperson
, 
Director 
Rome, 
30/8/67 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
-

--- Page 892 ---
892 
 
 
1 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at the 
time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
The Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2023 for the 2024, 2025 and 2026 financial years until 
the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2026 will be approved, is made up of three Standing 
Auditors and three Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer as significant with respect to 
the Issuer 
Mario Matteo Busso 
Chairman 
Turin, 
01/3/52 
28/10/26 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of TERNA  
Statutory Auditor of TERNA Plus  
Standing Auditor of AVIO  
Standing Auditor of TEMIS  
  
Director of CUB LABS 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing 
Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 10/5/63 
28/10/26 
Standing Auditor of ITS Controlli 
Tecnici S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of “Digital Technologies 
società benefit” 
Standing Auditor of “Engie Italia” 
Ambrogio Virgilio 
Standing 
Auditor 
Bari, 05/1/56 
28/10/26 
- 
Anna Rita de Mauro 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Foggia, 24/1/70 
28/10/26 
Chairperson Statutory Audit Committee 
of Madre Holding  
Chairperson Statutory Audit Committee 
of Nedcomunity Value 
Standing Auditor E-Geos  
Standing Auditor Leonardo  
Standing Auditor Treccani Reti  
Standing Auditor Acea Molise 
Vieri Chimenti 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Florence, 
23/10/1966 
28/10/26 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of Aprile  
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of Copernico Holding 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of Easy trip 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of Centrale Risk  
Chairman of the Statutory Audit

--- Page 893 ---
893 
 
 
Committee of Halldis 
Chairman of the Statutory Audit 
Committee of Maria Fittipaldi Menarini 
Holding 
Director of Astaris  
Standing Auditor of Commercial 
Department Containers 
Standing Auditor of EL Gadyr 
Standing Auditor of Elite Firenze 
Gestioni 
Standing Auditor of Immobiliare Tobor 
Angelo Rocco 
Bonissoni 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Bollate (MI), 
13/4/59 
28/10/26 
Standing Auditor Telecom Italia 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in terms 
of fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors in the list instituted by 
the Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finances with the exception of Elena Pagnoni who is registered as a 
lawyer with the Register of Lawyers of Rome. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Mediobanca’s knowledge, with regard to the members of the Board 
of Directors and the Statutory Audit Committee, there are no potential conflicts of interest between their 
obligations arising out of their duties to Mediobanca or the Group and their private interests and/or other duties. 
In Mediobanca any conflict of interest is managed in accordance with the applicable procedures and in strict 
compliance with existing laws and regulations. In particular, a ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian 
Law Decree 201/11, as converted into Italian Law No. 214/11, on representatives of banks, insurers and financial 
companies from holding positions in companies which operate in the same sectors. Each year the Board of 
Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may have changed as a result of changes in the 
activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To this end, each director, including in order to 
avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any changes in the positions assumed by them in 
the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act for approval 
of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in other companies 
controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to comply 
with the following provisions: 
• 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in 
particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests);

--- Page 894 ---
894 
 
 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved 
under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure compliance with 
the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders  
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information as at 28 October 2023, the following 
individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with voting 
rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below: 
Shareholder 
No. of shares 
(millions) 
% of share capital 
Delfin S.à r.l.(1) 
167.7 
19.74 
F.G. Caltagirone group(1) 
84.7 
9.98 
BlackRock group (2) 
27.9 
4.16 
Mediolanum group  
29.3 
3.45 
(1) Shares deposited for the shareholders’ annual general meeting held on 28 October 2023.  
(2) BlackRock Inc. (NY) through fifteen asset management subsidiaries (form 120 B of 6 August 2020), of which 0.69% pontential holding 
and 0.13% other long positions with cash settlement. 
 
For completeness, the Issuer holds owns shares for an amount equal to approximately 2% of its share capital. 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer’s website 
www.mediobanca.com in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-
shareholders/main-shareholders.html, without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Consultation Agreement 
On 1 January 2019, certain shareholders (representing approximately 10.98% of the share capital)3 entered into a 
consultation agreement (the “Consultation Agreement”) with no right of veto or voting restrictions in respect of 
the shares involved. The parties to the Consultation Agreement have confirmed their shared interest in the 
Group’s growth, with a view to ensuring unity management in accordance with its traditions of autonomy and 
independence. The Consultation Agreement regulates the means by which the parties meet to discuss 
observations and considerations regarding the Group’s performance, in a situation of parity of information with 
respect to the market. The parties to the Consultation Agreement acknowledge that the preferred practice is for 
 
3  
Mediolanum, FIN.PRIV., Monge & C., Gavio group, Ferrero group, Pecci group, Finprog Italia (Doris), Lucchini group, Valsabbia 
Investimenti (Brunori, Cerqui e Oliva), Fin.Fer. (Pittini), Vittoria Assicurazioni, Mais, PLT Holding (Tortora), Romano Minozzi.

--- Page 895 ---
895 
 
 
the outgoing Board of Directors to submit its own list of candidates for the position of Director (as already 
provided by Mediobanca’s Articles of Association). The Consultation Agreement expires on 31 December 2024 
and is automatically renewed for three-year periods among participants who have not given at least three 
months’ notice of their intention to withdraw from the Consultation Agreement ahead of the original expiry or 
extension date. 
The Consultation Agreement is filed with the Companies’ Register of Milano-Monza-Brianza-Lodi and an 
excerpt 
from 
it 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
in 
the 
relevant 
section 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 28 October 2020, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed EY S.p.A. to 
audit Mediobanca’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial statements from and including the 
financial year ending 30 June 2022 up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2030. 
EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy 
Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is 
also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors 
Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. has audited 
the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and the Group as at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 
2022. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the independent 
auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal of 
the engagement of the independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, appointed the auditing firm EY S.p.A. to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 
to 30 June 2030. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position or

--- Page 896 ---
896 
 
 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which 
may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending. 
As at 31 December 2023, the item “Provisions for risks and charges” amounted to €156.5m (down compared to 
€161.1m in the previous year) with the component of commitments and guarantees issued being down (from 
€21.6m to €19.9m). The drop in “Other provisions for risks and charges” is attributable to the personnel 
component due to the use of provisions set aside last year to encourage turnover (from €28.2m to €25.7m), while 
the component covering ongoing legal and tax disputes essentially remained steady (€111m). The stock at the 
end of the half year under review was divided as follows: Mediobanca €64.3m (€67.3m), Compass €27.6m 
(€29m), Mediobanca Premier €33.2m (€32m), SelmaBPM €7m (€6.1m), CMB Monaco €2.2m (€2.2m), and 
other Group companies €2.2m (€2.3m). 
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings there is the following should be noted: 
• 
regarding the effects of the so-called “Lexitor” ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union, Law 
No. 136/2023 was published in the Official Journal on 9 October 2023 after the Constitutional Court, by 
ruling dated 22 December 2022, declared the partial unconstitutionality of Article 11-octies, paragraph 2, of 
the “Sostegni Bis” Decree, thus enacting, with amendments, Law-Decree No. 104 of 10 August 2023 
(referred to as “Asset Decree”), whose Article 27 added a new regulation of early repayment under 
consumer credit contracts concluded before 25 July 2021 (date of entry into force of Law No. 106 of 23 
July 2021, thus amending the “Sostegni Bis” Decree which, in turn, had amended Article 125-sexies of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act). As a result of such regulation, consumers will be entitled to a 
proportional reduction of all costs incurred in relation to consumer credit contracts, including if they were 
concluded before 25 July 2021, without prejudice to the statute of limitations under the law (10 years). 
After amounts withdrawn for the period, this provision amounted to €11.7m as at 31 December 2023. 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were no significant changes 
with respect to the previous year: 
• 
with reference to the alleged failure to apply tax rules according to transparency, as required by legislation 
on Controlled Foreign Companies (CFC), to income earned by CMB Monaco and CMG Monaco in the 
three years 2013, 2014, and 2015 (for a total of €53.7m in disputed taxes, plus penalties and interest), it 
should be noted that Mediobanca won the cases in the first and second instance of judgement, while 
expecting the case to be heard before the Court of Cassation in regard of the first year; 
• 
with reference to the dispute over Mediobanca’s failure to apply withholding taxes on interest paid as part 
of a secured financing transaction between financial years 2014/2015 and 2017/2018 (for a total of €8.1m

--- Page 897 ---
897 
 
 
in disputed taxes, plus penalties and interest), for the first two years after the adverse judgements in the first 
instance, a favourable judgement in the second instance was given for the second disputed year, while 
publication of the judgement for the first year is still pending; in the meantime, a favourable first instance 
ruling was published for the third year and a first instance ruling is awaited for the fourth year; 
• 
three minor disputes regarding leasing activities (for a value just under €3m), for which appeals from the 
Revenue Agency are pending; 
• 
a dispute pending in the Court of Cassation concerning Mediobanca SGR, sued in its capacity as manager 
of a real estate fund in relation to alleged failure to pay substitute taxes of €746,000 (to be borne by the 
fund). On 25 September, applications for a facilitated settlement of pending tax disputes were filed with the 
Italian Revenue Agency and the tax was eventually paid. The documentation was later lodged with the 
Court of Cassation in order to request the discontinuation of the case; 
• 
five disputes involving direct and indirect taxes for minor amounts and at different stages of the ruling 
process, involving a total assessed tax amount of €1m. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement for Group 
members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of 
financial instruments issued or to be issued. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly result as at 30 September 2023 
On 26 October 2023, the press release related to the approval of the consolidated quarterly results as at and for 
the three-month period ended 30 September 2023 was published. 
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders’ meeting 
On 28 October 2023 the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer (i) examined and approved as ordinary meeting the 
Issuer’s financial statements as at 30 June 2023 and the amount of profit for the period being allocated to 
reserves and (ii) appointed the members of the Board of Directors and Statutory Audit Committee for the 2024, 
2025 and 2026 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2026 will be 
approved. 
Qualification as O-SII entity 
On 24 November 2023, the Bank of Italy published a press release where, inter alios, the Mediobanca Group has 
been qualified as an O-SII entity. Please see the section headed “Regulatory Aspects” for further details. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated half-yearresults as at 31 December 2023

--- Page 898 ---
898 
 
 
On 19 February 2024, the press release related to the approval of the consolidated half-year results as at and for 
the six-month period ended 31 December 2023 was published.

--- Page 899 ---
899 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022 were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and 
International Accounting Standards (“IAS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), 
and the respective interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), which were adopted 
by the European Union. 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the six months ended 31 
December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The annual consolidated financial statements referred to above have both been audited by EY S.p.A., whose 
reports thereon are attached to such annual financial statements.

--- Page 900 ---
900 
 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
The Mediobanca Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
ECB and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). The banking laws to which the 
Mediobanca Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Mediobanca Group 
must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation 
and regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Mediobanca Group, 
including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Mediobanca Group's capital 
requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures consistent 
with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the Mediobanca Group has in place specific procedures and 
internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and 
detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and 
registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no 
assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Mediobanca Group's 
results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain 
laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in 
the process of being developed. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(“BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better 
risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity 
standards. The Basel III framework adopts a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over 
time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of 
concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio with 
a full implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets to include lower 
quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding the other liquidity 
requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the BCBS published the final rules in October 2014 which took effect 
from 1 January 2018. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit

--- Page 901 ---
901 
 
 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) 
and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the “CRD IV Regulation” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the 
“CRD IV Package”). The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (“CRD V”). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time 
(the requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the Banking Reform Package (as 
defined below) are provided in the paragraph “Revision to the CRD IV Package” below.  
National options and discretions that were so far exercised by national competent authorities are now exercised 
by the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. 
In this respect, on 14 March 2016, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) adopted Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options and discretions, as subsequently amended. Depending on the manner in 
which these options/discretions had been exercised by the national competent authorities and on the manner in 
which the SSM will exercise them in the future, additional/lower capital requirements may result. 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as subsequently amended, (“BRRD”) introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times 
a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the “Minimum Requirement for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities”, or “MREL”). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on a consolidated 
basis. MREL constrains the structure of liabilities and may require the use of subordinated debt, which would 
have an impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing capacity. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 12 May 2015 (“Decree 72/2015”) implementing the 
CRD IV Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. 
Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of 
the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 of 
the CRD IV Directive); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy, (the “Circular 
No. 285”) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and the Banking 
Reform Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. The CRD IV Package is also supplemented in

--- Page 902 ---
902 
 
 
Italy by technical rules relating to the CRD IV Directive and the CRD IV Regulation published through 
delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
As part of the CRD IV Package, certain transitional arrangements as implemented by the Circular No. 285 have 
been gradually phased-out. The transtionational arrangements which provide for the regulatory capital 
recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier I and Tier II capital instruments under the 
framework which the CRD IV Package replaced but which no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD 
IV Package have been gradually phased out.  
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, institutions shall at all times 
satisfy the following own funds requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio 
of 6 per cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per cent, and (iv) the Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. These minimum 
ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent 
authority considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction 
from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities 
judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, 
Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the 
CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2023; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G- 
SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of 
the CRD IV Regulation and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of 
at least 0,5 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the 
CRD IV Regulation. G-SIBs is determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and 
complexity) and, being phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 
2019. Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board 
(“FSB”), neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Mediobanca Group) is a G-SIB and therefore 
they do not need to comply with a G-SIBs capital buffer requirement (or a leverage ratio buffer); 
and

--- Page 903 ---
903 
 
 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): up to 3.0% as 
set by the relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher 
risk that such banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has recently identified the 
Mediobanca Group as an O-SII entity, therefore the Issuer does comply with an O-SII capital buffer 
requirement equal to 0.125% in 2024 and 0.250% from 2025. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by 
the CRD V, each Member State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
financial sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical 
systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of 
disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial 
system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter alia, 
the introduction of:  
(i) the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (“SyRB”) for banks and banking 
groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common 
Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered 
with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, 
the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic 
risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets of 
banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii)  some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called “borrower-
based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European level, which can be 
used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and from high or rising 
levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the 
amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the 
introduction of:  
(i) A clear differentiation between components of Pillar 2 Requirements estimated from an ordinary perspective 
and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may require 
banks to hold; and 
(ii) The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive leverage 
risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage 
Ratio).

--- Page 904 ---
904 
 
 
Failure by an institution to comply with buffer requirements described above (“Combined Buffer 
Requirements”) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distribuitable 
Amounts (“MDA”) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions 
(Articles 140 to 141c of the CRD IV Directive).  
In addition, Mediobanca Group is subject to the Pillar 2 Requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that 
institutions have adequate arrangements and strategies in place to maintain liquidity and capital, including in 
particular the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, in order to 
ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
The quantum of any Pillar 2 Requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting 
such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is “stacked” below the capital buffers (i.e. the 
bank’s capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be 
applied to meeting the capital buffers) or “stacked” above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources can 
be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank’s ability to 
comply with the Combined Buffer Requirement. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a distinction 
between “Pillar 2 requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” (stacked 
above the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication stated that, in response to the 
stress test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider “setting capital guidance, above the 
combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such 
guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, confirming 
this distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking 
order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. In case of further losses, they 
would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally Pillar 1 requirements”. 
The distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” has been codified by the CRD V. 
Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks not covered or not 
sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the possibility for competent 
authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of its 
capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined Buffer Requirements in order to cope with forward-
looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only Pillar 2 requirements, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, 
will be relevant in determining whether an institution is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital requirements, 
but should be considered as a "pre alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk management process. If capital 
levels go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which should be promptly 
informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 2 capital guidance, will take 
into consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example,

--- Page 905 ---
905 
 
 
the possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements including 
capital strengthening requirements). 
On 23 July 2020 the EBA published Guidelines for competent authorities for the special procedures for the 
SREP 2020, identifying how flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in 
the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2020 SREP cycle focused on the ability of the supervised entities to 
handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on their current prospective risk profile.  
The Bank of Italy notified to the EBA its intention to comply with the abovementioned Guidelines on 23 
September 2020. The Bank of Italy in fact announced to the supervised entities that only in exceptional cases, 
due to a significant increase in their current and prospective risk profiles, it would have updated the banks’ 
current requirements.  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised Guidelines on common procedures and 
methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP Guidelines in 
order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II (as defined below). In particular, the revision of 
the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among other 
things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the methodology 
for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the enhancement of the 
principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential supervisory authorities and 
AML/CFT supervisors, as well as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy reported its intention to comply with 
the Guidelines and amended the Circular No. 285 accordingly. The guidelines applies from 1 January 2023. 
The CRD IV Package introduced a leverage ratio with the aim of restricting the level of leverage that an 
institution can take on, to ensure that an institution’s assets are in line with its capital. The Leverage Ratio 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/62 was adopted on 10 October 2014 and was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015 amending the calculation of the leverage ratio compared to the 
current text of the CRD IV Regulation (“Leverage Ratio Regulation”). Institutions have been required to 
disclose their leverage ratio from 1 January 2015. The CRD IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA 
to develop draft regulatory or implementing technical standards as well as guidelines and reports related to 
liquidity coverage ratio and leverage ratio in order to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the 
Single Rule Book. The CRR II complemented the system of reporting and disclosure, as envisaged in the 
Leverage Ratio Regulation, by the introduction of the Leverage Ratio as own fund requirement. 
Liquidity and leverage requirements 
The CRD IV Package also introduced the LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with 
regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (“LCR Delegated Act”) was adopted in October 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, 
amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has 
been introduced to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the

--- Page 906 ---
906 
 
 
general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover 
pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council. The NSFR is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time 
horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on 
an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is 
applicable from June 2021. 
Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (“Banking Reform Package”). The Banking 
Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRMR. 
These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission 
and were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even 
though most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the 
new provisions. 
The Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement pending 
the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) published in January 
2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to 
risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available 
stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by 
appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a 
percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable 
funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. 
The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 
2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two 
years after the date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking sector have 
been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the BRRD

--- Page 907 ---
907 
 
 
and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRD IV Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international 
developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 2 
shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be 
applicable subsequently. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (“Decree 182/2021”) 
implementing the CRD V Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 entered into force 
on 30 November 2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of 
the CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies 
(Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and  
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” 
(Article 21c of the CRD V Directive). 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the BCBS concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, 
counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, 
including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a 
minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, 
to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance 
consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and 
finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in 
December 2017. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (“CRR III” and jointly the “2021 Reform 
Package”). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 
2017 Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework contributing to financial 
stability and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This 
general objective can be broken down in four more specific objectives:

--- Page 908 ---
908 
 
 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to institutions 
prudential data. 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for internal 
MREL (i.e. “daisy chain approach”). 
In June 2023, the European Parliament and Council reached a provisional agreement on the 2021 Banking 
Reform Package. The new rules amending the CRR II are expected to apply from 1 January 2025 with certain 
elements of the regulation phasing in over the coming years. Changes to the CRD IV will have to be transposed 
by Member States by mid-2025. Once implemented in the Union, the regulatory changes brought by the 2021 
Banking Reform Package will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in 
the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. 
This reform is relevant for Mediobanca as it should allow, starting from 2025, to definitively apply the so-called 
“Danish Compromise” to its equity holding in Assicurazioni Generali. It would therefore allow Mediobanca to 
weight at 370% such equity holding, instead of deducting it from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, in compliance 
with the concentration risk limit. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III framework 
on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS (“Basel III 
Monitoring Exercise”). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments at BCBS level 
in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems; (b) the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio framework and disclosure 
requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that bansks 
need to filfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the monitoring of Basel 
supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021, as subsequently amended, (“EBA Decision”), the Basel 
III Monitoring Exercise is mandatory, on an annual basis, for a representative set of EU and EEA credit 
institutionsss identified by the relevant competent authorities.

--- Page 909 ---
909 
 
 
On 26 September 2023, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the impact 
that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the full Basel III 
implementation would result in an average increase of 12.60% of the current Tier 1 minimum required capital. 
Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 0.6 billion of additional Tier 1 capital.  
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for market 
risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (“ITS”) introduced uniform reporting templates, the template 
related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions for the 
specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS 
submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 
March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
As a final note, on 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and social risks in 
the prudential framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-based approach, the report 
recommends targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of environmental and social risks across the 
Pillar I. In particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) including environmental risk as part of stress testing programmes 
under both the internal ratings-based (IRB) and the internal model approaches (IMA) under the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book; (ii) encourage inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of external 
assessment by the credit rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of environmental and social factors as part 
of the due diligence requirements and evaluation of immovable property collateral; (iv) require institutions to 
identify whether environmental and social factors constitute triggers of operational risk losses; and (v) 
progressively develop environment-related concentration risk metrics as part of supervisory reporting. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and the 
SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated only by 
using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets ("RWA") 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, with 
the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 1

--- Page 910 ---
910 
 
 
January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee to January 
2025 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with the 
other Basel IV reforms. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the SSM Regulation for the establishment of SSM. The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, 
in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with 
direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of 
significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds 
€30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the 
national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of 
significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State 
and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Mediobanca has 
been classified as a significant supervised entity pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 
468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, is 
subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of the Mediobanca Group, for 
supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment 
services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively responsible for the 
prudential supervision of Mediobanca, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential 
requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to 
protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate 
governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages 
when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may 
exercise options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to Mediobanca. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The BRRD, entered into force on 2 July 2014, is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation 
tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action

--- Page 911 ---
911 
 
 
is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the 
institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to 
allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down 
(this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer 
ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the “general 
bail-in tool”). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future application of 
the BRRD. For more details on the implementation in Italy please refer to the paragraphs below. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of non-viability and 
before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of 
subordinated notes upon any such conversion may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. 
The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the 
institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution 
or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued by an 
institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the 
interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the 
termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having 
assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into 
public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require 
a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write- down, conversion or otherwise, in an 
amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to 
the costs of restructuring.

--- Page 912 ---
912 
 
 
An SRF (as defined below) was set up under the control of the SRB (as defined below). It ensures the 
availability of funding support while the bank is resolved. It is funded by contributions from the banking sector. 
The SRF can only contribute to resolution if at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities, including own funds, of the 
bank have been bailed-in.  
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at least 
1 per cent. of covered deposits by 31 December 2024. The National Resolution Fund for Italy was created in 
November 2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and 
investment firms.  In the Banking Union, the National Resolution Funds set up under the BRRD were superseded 
by the single resolution fund, established by the European Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 
(“Single Resolution Fund” or “SRF”) and those funds have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 
2016, the Single Resolution Board calculates, in line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU 
(the “Council Implementing Act”), the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States 
participating in the SSM and the SRM.  The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. The total target 
size of the Fund is equal to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States 
participating in the Banking Union. The SRF is to be built up over eight years, beginning in 2016, to the target 
level of EUR 55 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the 
Banking Union). Once this target level is reached, in principle, the banks will have to contribute only if the 
resources of the SRF are actually used in order to deal with resolutions of other institutions.  
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and calculated on 
the basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is 
European and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in the participating Member 
States. This results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to the 
BRRD. As a consequence of this difference, when contributions would have been paid based on a joint target 
level starting as of 2016, contributions of banks established in Member States with a high level of covered 
deposits could abruptly have decreased, while contributions of those banks established in Member States with 
fewer covered deposits could abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the Council 
Implementing Act (i.e. Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment mechanism to 
remedy these distortions during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. 
Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”), both of 
which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution 
actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Act and deals principally with 
recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy.  The BRRD Decrees entered into force 
on the date of publication on the Italian Official Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the general bail-
in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a “depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those

--- Page 913 ---
913 
 
 
protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs is effective from 
1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities may 
not exercise the write down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their 
related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the 
assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu 
ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of 
shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such 
protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of 
the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency 
proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities 
may have been excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool, but also that the safeguard referred to 
above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially 
excluded claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal 
treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other 
application of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency 
proceedings.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 44(2)(g) of 
the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to employees benefit 
from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the context of 
liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in 
normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the 
case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation 
procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of 
senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits 
exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the 
Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process 
Article 108 of the BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and 
publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the 
creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018.

--- Page 914 ---
914 
 
 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of 
the standard on total loss absorbing capacity for systematically important banks (“TLAC”) applying from 
January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 
January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The Banking Reform 
Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria 
for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional 
reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-
SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the contractual 
stays in resolution; and 
(iv) amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (“Decree No. 193”), implementing the 
BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 (Decree no. 
180) and the Italian Banking Act. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is calculated, to the provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by the 
Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:

--- Page 915 ---
915 
 
 
(a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to meet the 
resolution’s objectives; 
(b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group subject 
to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or write- down or 
conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed and that it is possibile to 
restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue 
to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if 
the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in 
or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to the 
interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial system. 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify 
(and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own funds 
items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also apply to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree No. 
193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 200,000 for 
subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non Preferred debt instruments 
(“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as their 
object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 1 December 2021, that 
do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the Financial 
Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in force on 
the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been repealed by 
Article 5 of Decree No. 193.

--- Page 916 ---
916 
 
 
Also, certain provisions of the BRRD II remain subject to regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards to be prepared by the European Banking Authority. In addition to the BRRD II, it is possible 
that the application of other relevant laws, the CRD V and the CRR II and any amendments thereto or other 
similar regulatory proposals, including proposals by the FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution actions, 
could be used in such a way as to result in the Securities absorbing losses in the manner described above. Any 
actions by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the powers granted to it as a result of the transposition of 
the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD II, or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution of financial 
institutions, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the Securities, the price or value of an investment in the 
Securities and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Securities. 
In such a context, it is worth mentioning that on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a legislative 
proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance (“CMDI Reform”) framework. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals that would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme Directive (“DGSD”) and the SRMR. New aspects of the framework could include: i) 
expanding the scope of resolution through a revision of the public interest assessment to include a regional 
impact so more eurozone banks could be brought into the resolution framework, ii) the use of deposit guarantee 
schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet a key threshold for bearing losses of 8% of their own 
funds and liabilities, which then allows them to have access to the Single Resolution Fund, also funded by bank 
contributions, and help sell the problem banks’ assets and fund their exit from the market, iii) amending the 
hierarchy of claims in insolvency and scrapping the “super-preference” of the DGS to put all deposits on equal 
pegging in an insolvency, but still above ordinary unsecured creditors with the aim of enabling the use of DGS 
funds in measures other than pay out of covered deposits without violating the least cost test. The proposal will 
need to be agreed by the Member States and the European Parliament, a process which could take one year if 
they aim to finalise it before the current European Commission’s mandate ends in spring 2024.    
Implementation of the BRRD in Luxembourg 
The BRRD has been implemented in Luxembourg by the law of 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (loi du 18 décembre 2015 relative aux mesures de 
résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines enterprises 
d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et d'indemnisation des investisseurs, telle que 
modifiée), as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg BRRD Law”) which entered into force on 28 
December 2015. The Luxembourg BRRD Law gives power to the CSSF in its capacity as a resolution authority 
to take certain early intervention measures and gives certain resolution tools and resolution powers to the CSSF 
as the Luxembourg resolution authority and acknowledges the power of the SRB as central resolution authority 
within the banking union to implement resolution measures. The CSSF has, inter alia, the power to impose, in 
certain circumstances, a suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by 
the CSSF, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by 
Mediobanca International. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism

--- Page 917 ---
917 
 
 
On 19 August 2014, SRMR entered into force. The SRMR became operational on 1 January 2016. There are, 
however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions 
relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 
2015. The SRMR was subsequently updated with the Banking Reform Package in June 2019. The SRMR, which 
complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the 
SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM II 
Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there will 
be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being 
supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions 
to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
In this context, as mentioned above, it is also worth mentioning that, as part of the CMDI Reform, amendemnts 
to the SRM, have been recently proposed by the European co-legislator. The main purpose of this legislative 
reform is to build on the objectives of the crisis management framework and to ensure a more consistent 
approach to resolution so that any bank in crisis can exit the market in an orderly manner, while preserving the 
financial stability, taxpayer money and ensuring deposit confidence. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial market 
to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking Association 
(“ABI”) and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to 
loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized 
companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be 
requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to 
medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to 
property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital 
instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, 
the moratorium was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of 
mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, 
protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted 
longer term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for the 
economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP).

--- Page 918 ---
918 
 
 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during the 
period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. Throughout this 
period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the average rate applied in 
the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the end of 2021) as well 
as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply deficiencies and trade disruption, mainly due to 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a material rise in inflation which call for a reassessment of the 
appropriate monetary policy stance.  As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing 
Council adopted decision no. 2022/2128 (“ECB Decision No. 2128”), whereby it decided that from 23 
November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III operations 
(“TLTRO III Operations”), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average 
applicable key ECB interest rates over this period and no longer over the entire life of the program tranche. The 
measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 have modified the TLTRO III program in a more restrictive way 
by removing almost all remuneration incentives and resulted in a sharp worsening of the funding rate and thus 
ECB introduced a new early repayment window on the date of the change effectiveness to allow banks to exit the 
program before relative conditions change. 
The Governing Council also added a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of Euro 120 billion 
until the end of 2020, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase programmes. On 18 March 
2020 this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750 billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program 
(“PEPP”), increased with a further Euro 600 billion on 4 June 2020. The Governing Council intends to reinvest 
the principal payments from maturing securities purchased under the PEPP until at least the end of 2024. In any 
case, the future roll-off of the PEPP portfolio will be managed to avoid interference with the appropriate 
monetary policy stance.  
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency due 
to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Italian Law Decree No. 18 (“Cura Italia Decree”) was adopted. The 
Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention 
of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that 
can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE (“Aiuto alla Crescita Economica“) 
notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 
December 2020. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (“GHOS”), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 
on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards:

--- Page 919 ---
919 
 
 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Italian Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (“Liquidity Decree”) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules for 
accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as 
increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to 
the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. The 
Government extended such measures until 30 June 2022. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 related developments, and they imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period 
January 2020 and December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration 
for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of 
software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements);

--- Page 920 ---
920 
 
 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR Quick-
Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the following day 
(27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published in 
the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, as well 
as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 December 
2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. Particular reference 
is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new bonds issued by SME 
corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per 
cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in 
such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses 
which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and 
the so-called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds 
(mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Italian Law Decree "August" (Italian Law Decree 14 August 
2020, No. 104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of 
health, work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the 
extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist 
sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary 
company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Italian Law Decree “Cura Italia” 
No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated and 
transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, extending the 
FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary 
difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 
30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement 
procedure with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not 
classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the date of submission of the application), they don't present 
amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the full repayment of the exposure at maturity.

--- Page 921 ---
921 
 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.  
 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
("Mediobanca 
International"). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated on 13 September 1990 and 
its registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a resolution of 
the Shareholders before a notary on 21 December 2005 and the 
articles of incorporation were published in the Mémorial Recueil des 
Sociétés et Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles 
of association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were published in 
the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 
December 2007. The articles of association were further amended on 
30 January 2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 
2017. 
The 
LEI 
code 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 
267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B 112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International's financial year ends on 30th June of each 
year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 as at 30 June 2023 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary 
shares of EUR 10.00 each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 327,315,797 as at 30 June 2023. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed at 
bringing about future changes regarding the ownership structure of 
Mediobanca International. 
 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors 
consisting of at least three members elected by the general meeting of 
shareholders for a term of office not to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation levels, 
defining organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank's 
accounts and interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 19 October 2023 and is 
composed as follow:

--- Page 922 ---
922 
 
 
 
Director 
Place and date of birth 
Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Chairman 
& 
Director 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan  
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969  
Director 
 
Erika Botticella 
Benevento  
on 26 May 1979 
Director 
 
Vanessa Labèrenne 
Paris 16e 
Arrondissement on 8 
January 1978 
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard Joseph II, 
L-1840 Luxembourg, with the exception of Massimo Amato whose 
business address is 20, Rue C. Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, Erika 
Botticella and Lara Pizzimiglia whose business address is Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy, and Vanessa Labèrenne whose business 
address is Cité Martignac, 4, 75007, Paris, France. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors' duties to Mediobanca International and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and CEO) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
Approved independent auditors: 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E, 
Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with 
the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number 
B47771 (“EY Luxembourg”) has been appointed, during the meeting 
of the Board of Directors held on 20 October 2021, as Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé), for 
a period ending at the shareholders’ annual general meeting which be 
held in 2027. 
EY Luxembourg has audited the non-consolidated financial statements 
of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 
2023 and 30 June 2022. 
EY Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of 
Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in

--- Page 923 ---
923 
 
 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory corporate 
governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. 
The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, does not make the application of a corporate 
governance code mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten 
Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange do not apply because the shares of Mediobanca 
International are not listed on a regulated market operated by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International's articles of association 
provides, among other things, that the object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations authorised by the 
law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on corporate lending 
operations and on raising funds on international markets via specific 
short and medium-term notes programmes guaranteed by Mediobanca.  
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed within 
the Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See "Taxation - (B) Tax regimes applicable to Securities issued by 
Mediobanca International and MBFL ".

--- Page 924 ---
924 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2023 and 2022 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.  
The unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the six 
months ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union. 
All of the above financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022  
have been audited by Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 925 ---
925 
 
 
INFORMATION ON MB FUNDING LUX SA 
History and Current Business  
Incorporation, Duration and Domicile 
MBFL was incorporated on 13 September 2016 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public 
limited liability company (société anonyme) and was originally subject as an unregulated securitisation company 
(société de titrisation non-agréée) to the provisions of the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the Securitisation Act 2004). Further to an amendment of the articles of 
incorporation of MBFL on 24 April 2017, MBFL is no longer an unregulated securitisation company (société de 
titrisation non-agréée) and subject to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004. MBFL has been incorporated 
for an unlimited duration and is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B209165. MBFL has been established as a special 
purpose vehicle, among others, to offer securities. 
The articles of association of MBFL (the Articles) were first published on 27 September 2016 in the 
Luxembourg official gazette (RESA, Recueil électronique des sociétés et assocíations), number 
RESA_2016_103566. The Articles of MBFL were most recently amended and restated on 23 January 2019 
by a notary deed published on 31 January 2019 in the Luxembourg official gazette (RESA, Recueil 
électronique des sociétés et assocíations), number RESA_2019_02668. Each amendment to the Articles will 
be published in the official gazette (RESA, Recueil électronique des sociétés et assocíations) in Luxembourg. 
The registered office of MBFL is at 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. The telephone number of MBFL is +352 264 491 and the fax number of MBFL is +352 264 
49167.  
Principal activities of MBFL 
The principal activities of MBFL are those which are set out in MBFL's corporate objects clause, which is 
Article 4 of the Articles. 
The corporate objects of MBFL are (i) to lend on a secured or unsecured basis to its sister company (Mediobanca 
International Luxembourg SA) or to Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario – SpA, its parent company (the 
Parent Company), or to purchase assets based in Luxembourg and/or in foreign countries, under the format of 
loans or securities, whose performance is directly or indirectly guaranteed by its sister company (Mediobanca 
International Luxembourg SA) or by its Parent Company, (ii) to borrow funds on a secured or unsecured basis, 
via the issuance of securities or by entering into loan agreements and (iii) to enter into other transactions, or to 
perform other activities, ancillary or necessary to facilitate the performance of points (i) and (ii) above, including 
subscribing derivative instruments (which, to avoid any doubt, can be of funded or unfunded type) or granting 
any kind of security interests or guarantees over all or part of its assets in order to secure all or part of its 
obligations, provided that (x) at each point in time, the aggregate cashflows expected to be received by MBFL 
under the transactions described at point (i) are at least equal to the aggregate cashflows due by MBFL under the 
obligations described at points (ii) and (iii), (y) that all obligations described at point (ii) will be directly or 
indirectly guaranteed by the Parent Company and that (z) MBFL shall not carry out any activity in the financial

--- Page 926 ---
926 
 
 
sector on a professional basis which requires the granting of a licence under the Luxembourg act dated 5 April 
1993 relating to the financial sector, as amended. 
Share Capital and Ownership 
The share capital of MBFL is EUR 831,000 divided into 831,000 Ordinary Shares having a nominal value of 
EUR 1.0 each (the MBFL Shares) all (100%) of which are fully paid up. All issued MBFL Shares are held by 
Mediobanca (the Shareholder). 
MBFL is part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of MBFL as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholders' Funds: share capital (issued 831,000 Ordinary Shares having a nominal value of EUR 1.0: EUR 
831,000 
Indebtedness 
As at 30 June 2023, MBFL has an indebtedness amounting to EUR 1,101,012,103.91. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of MBFL is 1st July to 30th June. The first financial year of MBFL was from the date of its 
incorporation to 30th June 2017. 
Approved Statutory Auditors 
Approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) were lastly appointed with effect from June 2021 to 
audit the financial statements of MBFL published from June 2022. The mandate of the approved statutory 
auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agréés) is renewed on an annual basis. The approved statutory auditor of MBFL 
is Ernst & Young S.A., with registered office at 35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, registered 
with the R.C.S Luxembourg under number B 47771. Ernst & Young S.A. is registered as a cabinet de révision 
with the public register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of Justice and is a member 
of the Institute of Independent Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as amended. 
Ernst & Young S.A. has audited the non-consolidated financial statements of MBFL as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023. 
Financial Statements 
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 462-1 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, MBFL is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis 
following the approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of the shareholders.

--- Page 927 ---
927 
 
 
Any published annual audited financial statements prepared for MBFL will be obtainable free of charge from the 
registered office of MBFL and such other entities as described in "General Information". MBFL does not publish 
interim financial statements. 
Management Bodies of MBFL (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of MBFL is composed as follows: 
Director principal outside activities   
 
Mr. Alessandro Ragni 
Chief Executive Officer at Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A.* 
Mr. Alessandro Linguanotto 
Manager Legal and Corporate at Intertrust (Luxembourg) SARL 
Ms. Reena Shayne-Gonzales 
Senior Manager Accounting Services at Intertrust (Luxembourg) 
SARL 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is: 
Alessandro Ragni – 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg 
Alessandro Linguanotto- 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Reena Shayne-Gonzales - 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
No corporate governance regime to which MBFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the Directors' duties to MBFL and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Annual General Meeting 
The ordinary general meeting of shareholders of MBFL shall take place annually at the registered office of 
MBFL or at such other place as may be specified in the convening notice.

--- Page 928 ---
928 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF  MB FUNDING LUX SA 
MBFL only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of MBFL as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 
were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  
All of the above financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 
have been audited by Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 929 ---
929 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Mandated Dealer(s)" are to the entity listed in the paragraph headed 
"Dealer" in the section headed "Description of the Issuance Programme" above and to such additional entities 
which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated). References to "Dealers" are to all entities appointed from time to time as a dealer 
solely in respect of one or more Tranches, which may include but is not limited to, any Mandated Dealer(s). 
The Issuers may from time to time appoint one or more Dealer(s) in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
single Tranche only during the term of the Securities. Any such new Dealer(s) shall accede to the Dealer 
Agreement by execution of a dealer accession letter substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of 
Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Manual (the "Dealer Accession Letter") and will become a party to 
a dealer agreement dated 6 June 2024 between the Issuers, Guarantor and Mandated Dealer, as further amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") with all the authority, rights, powers, duties and 
obligations of a Dealer as if originally named as a Dealer thereunder.  
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the Securities will be offered on a continuous basis 
by each Issuer to the Mandated Dealers. However, in respect of single Tranches, the relevant Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Mandated Dealers.  
The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement of any 
Dealer.  
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing which, where 
applicable, the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Securities. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of 
them by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days' notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be supplemented or modified by the agreement of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or 
directive. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme has agreed that it will comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or

--- Page 930 ---
930 
 
 
delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a leged entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities does not include a leged entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), the Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in 
that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State,

--- Page 931 ---
931 
 
 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of the Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall require any of the Issuers 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
It being understood that, any offer of Securities whose Final Terms does not include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” could be subject to further selling restrictions to retail investors 
and consequently no key information document, under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended), may be 
available. Therefore, offering or selling the Securities, or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Securities, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
With reference to any Securities issued by MBFL, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
issued by MBFL which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
Ireland 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do 
anything in respect of, the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with (i) the provisions of the 
European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (the 
“MiFID II Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, and in connection with the MiFID II 
Regulations, it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct or practice,

--- Page 932 ---
932 
 
 
conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, (ii) all applicable provisions of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU 
(together, “MiFID II”) and if acting under an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of MiFID II, 
the terms of that authorisation and any applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice in connection 
with the foregoing and (iii) the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland and the 
Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 of Ireland to the extent applicable; 
(b) it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do 
anything in respect of, the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “2014 Act”), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and 
any rules or codes of conduct or practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of 
Ireland, the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019) and any 
regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of 
Ireland; 
(c) it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of, the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) and any delegated or implementing acts adopted 
thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) and any other 
Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, and any rules made or guidelines issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland in connection with the foregoing, including any rules made or guidelines issued under 
Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(d) it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of, the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 596/2014), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal 
sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 (S.I. No. 349 of 2016) and any other Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or in 
the 2014 Act and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection with 
the foregoing including any rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) 
shall be deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, 
supplemented, varied, restated, consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing 
acts or measures, delegated acts, statutory instruments, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the 
U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, subject to certain exemptions. Terms used in this

--- Page 933 ---
933 
 
 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations 
thereunder. 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer sell or deliver the Securities (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Securities 
comprising the relevant Tranche as determined, and certified to the relevant Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, or the 
Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Securities), by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of 
a Tranche of Securities to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Securities of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it in which case the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Securities), or the relevant Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers 
have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Securities within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act (if available). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Dealer represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8)

--- Page 934 ---
934 
 
 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law” as defined in the EUWA (UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
Dealer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or the 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Securities in the UK means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
With reference to any Securities issued by MBFL, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
issued by MBFL which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any

--- Page 935 ---
935 
 
 
Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
 it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 936 ---
936 
 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial 
Regulator (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme and each other Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that no 
Securities may be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the 
Republic of Italy, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to the 
Securities be distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(1) 
if it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in the Republic of 
Italy, that each Dealer may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute copies of any prospectus relating 
to such Securities, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in another Relevant State and 
notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) expressly contemplating such 
non-exempt offer, in an offer of financial products to the public in the period commencing on the date 
of approval of such prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 as amended from time to time (the "Italian Financial Services 
Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 as amended from time to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971"), until 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(2) 
to "Qualified Investors" (Investitori Qualificati) as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express applicable exemption from compliance with the 
restrictions on the offer of financial products to the public applies, as provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Italian Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (1), (2) or (3) above must 
be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, and CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (each as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy which came into force on 1 October 2016, as amended from time to time, pursuant to 
which the Bank of Italy requests periodic information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy to be provided by uploading such information on the Infostat platform of the Bank of 
Italy; and

--- Page 937 ---
937 
 
 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis of the Italian 
Financial Services Act, where applicable) or requirement or limitation which may be imposed from time 
to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian competent authority. 
France 
Please refer to paragraph “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
Switzerland 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA") and are not subject to the authorisation or supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. Therefore, investors in the Securities are not eligible 
for the specific investor protection under the CISA. The Securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss 
financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuers, respectively of the Guarantor. 
The Base Prospectus will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation AG pursuant to Article 54 para. 2 of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of charge on the 
websites of the Issuers (www.mediobanca.com) and copies may be obtained free of charge from the Issuers upon 
request at their registered addresses. 
In the case of offerings of Securities that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such 
expression is understood under the FinSA and its implementing ordinance) that will be made to private (retail) 
clients in Switzerland, a key information document prepared in accordance with the PRIIPs Regulation or FinSA 
will be made available. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree) 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
.

--- Page 938 ---
938 
 
 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the "Authorised Offeror Terms") will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of 
Securities, if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable". They are the Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the "Acceptance 
Statement" to be published on the website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to 
make such offers under MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on 
its website. 
 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the 
Securities by an Investor and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(ii) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in 
this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further 
relevant requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and consider the 
relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels identified under 
the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms and the 
target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the “UK MiFIR product 
governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, 
rebate received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the 
Securities does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(iv) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the 
Securities under the Rules; 
(v) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant 
Dealer if at any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation 
of any Rules; 
(vi) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate steps 
in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and 
"know your client" Rules, and does not permit any application for Securities in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the 
purchase monies; 
(vii) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the 
Rules, make such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to

--- Page 939 ---
939 
 
 
comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" Rules applying to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(viii) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
(ix) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest 
or in any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the 
Securities; 
(x) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base 
Prospectus (as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make 
any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest 
in, the Securities; 
(xi) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes 
any announcement published by the Issuer (via any relevant applicable methods) at the end 
of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be 
fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must state that such 
Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must expressly 
confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any such 
communication; 
(xii) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, 
the Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective 
groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any 
statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the 
Securities; 
(xiii) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 12 of Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer or the Guarantor incurs any 
liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and 
any value added tax thereon) (a "Loss") arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of 
any of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings 
then the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) on 
demand an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer and the Guarantor to

--- Page 940 ---
940 
 
 
use this Base Prospectus with their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract) and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, 
be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the 
Authorised Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any 
person not a party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror 
Contract at any time.

--- Page 941 ---
941 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Securities will be in the following form completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Securities and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.  
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] [Always include this language in case of Securities issued by MBFL] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] [Always include this 
language in case of Securities issued by MBFL] 
[Insert the following additional language in case of an offer in Switzerland: The Securities do not constitute a 
participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes 
Act ("CISA") and are not subject to the authorisation or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA. Therefore, investors in the Securities are not eligible for the specific investor protection 
under the CISA. The Securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are

--- Page 942 ---
942 
 
 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuers, respectively of the Guarantor. These Final Terms must be read together 
with the Base Prospectus which was filed with SIX Exchange Regulation AG pursuant to Article 54 para. 2 of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"). These Final Terms will also be deposited with SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd. 
In case of offerings of Securities that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such 
expression is understood under the FinSA and its implementing ordinance) that will be made to private (retail) 
clients in Switzerland, a key information document prepared in accordance with the PRIIPs Regulation or FinSA 
will be made available.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – [Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process], the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Consider to amend the legend above if necessary] 4 [Always include this language in case of Securities issued 
by MBFL] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] [Consider to include information on 
the product approval process]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
"Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
 
4 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Professional Investors 
and Eligible Counterparties only".

--- Page 943 ---
943 
 
 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary] 5 [Always 
include this language in case of Securities issued by MBFL] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – [Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process,] the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market and amend the list if 
necessary]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [Consider to amend the 
legend above if necessary].] 6 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
 
5 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Professional 
Investors and Eligible Counterparties only".  
6 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Retail Investor Target 
Market".

--- Page 944 ---
944 
 
 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary].] 7 
 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44/ 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279/ 
MB Funding Lux SA  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400R5IHFIXBKVMS16] 
[insert title of Securities] 
[guaranteed in the case of Securities issued by  
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A./ MB Funding Lux SA by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
under the 
Issuance Programme 
 
7 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Retail Investor Target 
Market".

--- Page 945 ---
945 
 
 
SERIES NO:  [      ] 
TRANCHE NO:  [      ] 
 
Issue Price: [      ] per [Security] 
 
[Dealer(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of these Final Terms is [      ] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 11 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that the 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the 
use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or  
(ii) 
otherwise] 8 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
[Neither][None of] the Issuer [nor], [the Guarantor or] any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, 
as the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the 
original publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined 
below) prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case 
may be, (the "Publication Date") have the right within three working days of the Publication Date to withdraw 
their acceptances.]9 
 
8 Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Securities is anticipated. 
9 Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 946 ---
946 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 June 2024[, [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or 
before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the issue of any 
additional amount of Securities (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is 
published and approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of 
the Securities such changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Securities to which these 
Final Terms relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus"). The Base Prospectus has been 
passported into Italy, France and Luxembourg in compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. [Insert for Non-EEA 
Securities: Provided that the Prospectus Regulation does not apply in respect of the particular offer [and listing] 
of the Securities described herein.] Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.] (the "Issuer") [, Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] [listing] of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Securities is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus [and any Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these 
Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge from [address].]]  
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2018 or the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2019 or the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 May 2020 or the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2021 or the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 
2022 or the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2023. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[24][25] May] [201[8][9]][2020][2021][2022]][7 June 2023] [, 
[the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or before the date of these Final 
Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
which may have been published and approved before the issue of any additional amount of Securities (the 
"Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved after the date of 
these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the Securities such changes shall have no 
effect with respect to the Conditions of the Securities to which these Final Terms relate)] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2024 [and any Supplement[s] to it], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including

--- Page 947 ---
947 
 
 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux SA] (the 
"Issuer") [, Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer] [and/or] 
[listing] of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. [A summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus [and any 
Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] 
[and] [website] and copies may be obtained free of charge from [address].]] 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2024[,[the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published 
and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below)] 
[notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 2024 Base Prospectus (each a 
"2024 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved ([together,] the "2024 Base 
Prospectus")] after the date of these Final Terms and before the issue of the Securities to which these Final 
Terms relate)] [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (any Supplement(s) thereto, each a "2025 Future 
Supplement"), which will replace the 2024 Base Prospectus (the "2025 Base Prospectus")] (the date of any 
such publication and approval, each a "Publication Date"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and [(i) prior to any 
Publication Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2024 Base Prospectus, or (ii)] on and after any 
Publication Date must be read in conjunction with [the 2024 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2024 
Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2025 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2025 
Future Supplement as at such date],] save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2024 Base 
Prospectus. The 2024 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, constitutes [, and the 2025 Base Prospectus will 
constitute,] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on [Mediobanca - 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux SA] (the 
"Issuer") [,Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] 
[listing] of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and [(i) prior to 
any Publication Date, the 2024 Base Prospectus, or (ii)] [on or after any Publication Date, [the 2024 Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2024 Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2025 Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2025 Future Supplement as at such date], save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the 2024 Base Prospectus. [The Issuer has in the 2024 Base Prospectus given consent 
to the use of the 2024 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Securities. Such consent will be valid 
until the date that is twelve months following the date of the 2024 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2025 
Base Prospectus give consent to the use of the 2024 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the 
Securities.] [The 2024 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented,] [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available[, and 
the 2025 Base Prospectus will be available] for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be 
obtained free of charge from [address].]

--- Page 948 ---
948 
 
 
[Pursuant to Regulation EU 2016/1011 the Issuer produces and maintains plans setting out the actions to take in 
the event that the [include the name of the relevant Benchmark] materially changes or ceases to be provided. 
Details of the plans may be provided upon written request.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where individual paragraphs 
or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Securities and 
words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms in 
so far as they relate to such series of Securities, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Securities have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum redemption 
value may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[These Final Terms relate to the series of Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Securities that are the subject 
of these Final Terms and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
SERIES 
NUMBER 
NO. OF 
SECURITIES 
ISSUED  
NO. OF 
SECURITIES 
ISIN 
COMMON 
CODE 
[CFI 
[FISN 
ISSUE PRICE 
PER 
SECURITY 
[CALL/PUT 
[[SCHEDULED]] 
[SETTLEMENT 
DATE] 
[PARITY 
[Insert 
other 
identifier code or 
variable] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Up to] [•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[[insert 
currency][•]]/[[•
]% of the 
Notional 
Amount] 
 
[call/put] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of Securities, the table above should be completed for all 
vabiables which will differ across the different series of Securities. The relevant line item for any such variable 
in the General Provisions below should include the following language: "See the Specific Provisions for each 
Series above".)]

--- Page 949 ---
949 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of Securities: 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Mediobanca 
- 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux SA] 
2. 
Guarantor: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
[Not applicable] 
3. 
Series Number 
[specify] 
4. 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
5. 
Issue Currency: 
[specify] 
6. 
Notional Amount of Security: 
[specify /[Not applicable]]. 
Aggregate Notional Amount 
[specify] [[The Aggregate Notional Amount will not 
exceed [●] and will be determined at the end of the 
Offer Period (as defined in paragraph 11 of Part B 
below) and such final amount will be filed with the 
Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority [and 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/)] [provided that, during the 
Offer Period the Issuer will be entitled to increase the 
Aggregate Notional Amount as more fully described 
under paragraph 12 of Part B below.]] (The Aggregate 
Notional Amount of Certificates is equal to the number 
of Certificates issued multiplied by the Notional 
Amount of each Certificate) 
7. 
Issue Price per Security 
[specify] 
8. 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
9. 
Issue 
Date 
[and 
[Remuneration 
[specify]

--- Page 950 ---
950 
 
 
Commencement Date]10: 
10. 
[Date [Board] of approval for issuance of 
Securities [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[Not applicable] [      ] [and [      ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Securities or related Guarantee) 
11. 
Consolidation: 
[Not applicable] [The Securities are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert title of 
relevant series of Securities] issued on [insert issue 
date] with effect from [insert date on which the 
Securities become fungible].] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Securities which are fungible with an 
existing series of Securities) 
12. 
Type of Securities: 
(a) 
Certificates.  
 
(b) 
The 
Securities 
are 
[Index 
Securities/Share 
Securities/ETI 
Securities/Debt 
Securities/Commodity 
Securities 
/Inflation Index Securities/Currency 
Securities/Fund 
Securities/Futures 
Securities/Underlying Interest Rate 
Securities/Credit 
Securities/Hybrid 
Securities/]]. 
 
 
 
10 In the case of Certificates which pay remuneration and the Remuneration Commencement Date is the Issue 
Date.

--- Page 951 ---
951 
 
 
 
[The provisions of Annex 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 3 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 4 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETI Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 5 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Debt Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 6 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity Securities) shall apply.] 
[The provisions of Annex 7 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Index Securities) shall apply.] 
[The provisions of Annex 8 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Currency Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 9 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 10 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Futures Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 11 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities) 
shall apply] [The provisions of Annex 12 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Securities) shall 
apply.] [The provisions of Annex [2/3/4/6/8/10] 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
[Index/Share/ETI/Commodity/Currency/Futures] 
Securities)] 
[Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
[⚫]][Standard Unwind Costs: Applicable] 
[Essential Trigger: Applicable] 
 
13. 
Exercise Date 
[The Exercise Date is [specify]] or, if [any] such day is 
not 
a 
Business 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Business Day].]

--- Page 952 ---
952 
 
 
14. 
Form of Securities: 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Security which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Securities only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Security] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Securities on or after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Securities only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Security][TEFRA C 
Rules shall apply.] [ TEFRA D Rules shall apply.] 
[The Securities will be issued and held in 
dematerialised form by [Euronext Securities Milan 
(also known as Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli") 
("Italian Dematerialised Securities")/ include the 
name of any other custodian appointed by the relevant 
Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
[CREST Dematerialised Securities] 
15. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in 
General Security Condition 3 [is/are] [⚫]. 
16. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash 
Settled 
Securities)] 
[and/or] 
[physical 
delivery 
(Physical 
Delivery 
Securities)]. 
(N.B. 
Italian 
Dematerialised Securities may only be Cash Settled 
Securities) 
[Physical Settlement according to General Security 
Condition 21.1: Applicable] / [Alternative Physical 
Settlement: Applicable] 
[Settlement Disruption Option [1][2]: Applicable]

--- Page 953 ---
953 
 
 
[Postponement End Date: [●] Settlement Business 
Days after the originally designated Delivery Date] 
 
[Issuer's Option to Substitute: Not applicable] 
17. 
Settlement Date: 
[Not applicable] [specify] [The settlement date for the 
Securities is [  ] [the [   ]th Business Day following the 
Valuation Date] [as adjusted in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following] 
[Following] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified Preceding] Business Day Convention].]]  
18. 
Rounding Convention for Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[Rounding Convention 2]/[Not applicable] 
19. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Securities. (N.B. the 
Issuer's option to vary settlement is not applicable to 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) 
 
(N.B. If the Issuer does not have the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Securities, delete the 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 19) 
(b) 
[Variation of Settlement of Physical 
Delivery Securities: 
Notwithstanding the fact that the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer may make 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the 
Settlement Date and the provisions of General 
Security Condition 4.3 will apply to the Securities/The 
Issuer will procure delivery of the Entitlement in 
respect of the Securities and the provisions of General 
Security Condition 4.3 will not apply to the Securities.  
] 
20. 
Redenomination:  
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 954 ---
954 
 
 
(a) 
Redenomination 
in 
National 
Currency: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
21. 
FX 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Event 
Determination:  
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[FX Settlement Disruption Expenses: Not applicable] 
22. 
Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Securities.) 
(i) 
Guaranteed 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount: 
[Not applicable] [  ] [As specified in General Security 
Condition 2] 
(ii) 
Maximum Amount 
[Not applicable] [  ] 
(iii) 
Minimum Amount 
[Not applicable] [  ] 
23. 
Final Payout 
(in case the relevant Final Payout contain an 
"Additional 
Final 
Payout" 
and/or 
an 
"Additional Final Payout 1" and/or an 
"Additional Final Payout 2", repeat all the 
relevant items in the Final Terms necessary to 
calculate such additional final payouts) 
(in case the Payout Switch is specified as 
applicable, repeat all the relevant items in the 
Final Terms necessary to calculate such 
Switched Payout)  
 
[SFP Payouts 
 
 
[[Capital Protection Securities:

--- Page 955 ---
955 
 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Protected Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1 (a).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Securities] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(b).]]] 
 
[Yield Enhancement Securities: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(c).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(d).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(e).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout- Leveraged Capped Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(f).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 956 ---
956 
 
 
1.1(g).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(h).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(i).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(j).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(k).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(l).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus 
Parity Exchange Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(m).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus 
Securities

--- Page 957 ---
957 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(n).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(o).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level 
Parity Exchange Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(p).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(q).]] 
 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Memory Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(r).]]] 
 
[Participation Securities: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(s).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored 
Exchange Parity Securities

--- Page 958 ---
958 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(t).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(u).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse 
Level Parity Exchange Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(v).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Upside and Downside 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(w).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(x).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(y).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Continuous Bonus 
Barrier Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 959 ---
959 
 
 
1.1(z).]]] 
 
[Leverage Securities: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(aa).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(bb).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(cc).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(dd).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ee).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 960 ---
960 
 
 
1.1(ff).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(gg).]]] 
 
[Constant Leverage Securities: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(hh).] 
[Maturity Extension: [Applicable]]11  
[If Maturity Extension is specified as "Applicable": 
Maturity Extension Notice Period:  
Maximum Notice Period: [specify]  
Minimum Notice Period: [specify]] 
[Reverse Split: [Applicable] 
[If Reverse Split is specified as "Applicable":  
Reverse Split Notice Period:  
Maximum Notice Period: [specify]  
Minimum Notice Period: [specify] 
(If "Reverse Split" is specified as "Applicable" insert 
 
11 Specify as "Not applicable" if the Certificates are CREST Dematerialised Securities

--- Page 961 ---
961 
 
 
related provisions from General Security Condition 
17.10.)]]]]] 
[MFP Payouts 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage 
Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage 
Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Securities 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(jj).]] 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(kk).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Securities 
 
 [Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ll).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Securities 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 962 ---
962 
 
 
1.1(mm).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(nn).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI –Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 963 ---
963 
 
 
1.1(oo)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout –KIKO Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(iii).]]

--- Page 964 ---
964 
 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla 
Call Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla 
Call Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(qq)(i).]]

--- Page 965 ---
965 
 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian 
Spread Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(qq)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(rr).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ss).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities:

--- Page 966 ---
966 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Extended Securities 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ix).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(x).]]

--- Page 967 ---
967 
 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier 
Down Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(xi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
(tt)(xii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(xiii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(xiv).]]  
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out 
Bonus Performance Securities:

--- Page 968 ---
968 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In 
Bonus Performance Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2–Step KI Multi Bonus 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3–Step Multi Bonus 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3–Step Flexi Bonus 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus 
Performance Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus 
Performance Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition

--- Page 969 ---
969 
 
 
1.1(uu)(ix).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(x).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Twin -Win Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(vv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance 
Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ww).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(xx).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance 
Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(yy).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance 
Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(zz).]] 
 
[Multiple 
Final 
Payout 
– 
Flexi 
Knock-Out 
Performance Securities:

--- Page 970 ---
970 
 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(aaa).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In 
Performance Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(bbb).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out 
Performance Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc).]]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In 
Performance Securities: 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ddd).]]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out 
Performance Securities  
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(eee).]]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored 
Ratchet Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(fff).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas

--- Page 971 ---
971 
 
 
Condition 1.1(ggg).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(hhh).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(jjj).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(kkk).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(lll).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Autocall Standard 
Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(mmm).]] 
[Single Fixed Income (FI) Final Payouts 
[Single FI FX Vanilla Securities:

--- Page 972 ---
972 
 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(nnn).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Floor Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ooo).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Cap Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ppp).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Plus Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(qqq).]] 
 
[Continuous FX Wedding Cake Securities: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(rrr).]] 
 
[Single FI Inflation Securities:  
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1 (sss).]] 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.3.]] 
[Payout Switch: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• 
Payout Switch Election 
[Applicable / Not applicable]

--- Page 973 ---
973 
 
 
[If 
applicable 
Insert 
related 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
• 
Automatic Payout Switch 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
Insert 
related 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
• 
Target Switch Payout:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
Insert 
related 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
24. 
Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Physical Delivery Option 
[1/2/3]] 
[MFP Entitlement Amounts: Applicable] 
 
(a) 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each 
Security is: 
 
[an amount equal to [•]] 
[Entitlement 
Units; 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Entitlement Multiplier; [multiplied by the 
Weighting]; (if MFP Entitlement Amounts is 
not Applicable)] 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(a).]] 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
applicable:

--- Page 974 ---
974 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(b).]] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable:  
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(c).]] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying Strike Dirty 
Price applicable:  
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(d).]] 
 
[Rounding and Residual Amount Option 
[1][2]: Applicable] 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(e).]] 
 
(b) 
[Relevant Asset(s): [The relevant asset to 
which the Securities relate [is/are] [•].]/[Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation 
to Physical Delivery Securities that are not 
Credit Securities)] 
(c) 
[Entitlement Units: [[ ] unit[s] of the Relevant 
Asset[s] relating to the [Component which is 
[   ]] [Underlying Reference] (where the 
intention is to deliver a basket, insert details 
of the units of the Relevant Asset[s] relating 
to each Component); [ ]/ [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable where Entitlement stated 
above and definition not required. Where 
Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement Multiplier below where relevant)]

--- Page 975 ---
975 
 
 
(d) 
[Entitlement Multiplier: [  ] [The quotient of 
[the Notional Amount] [100] [  ] (as 
numerator) 
and 
the 
Strike 
Level 
(as 
denominator) 
/ 
[Not 
applicable] 
(Not 
applicable where Entitlement stated above 
and 
definition 
not 
required. 
Where 
Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement Multiplier where relevant] 
(e) 
[The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert 
details of how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced].] 
 
(f) 
[The 
Entitlement 
will 
be 
[delivered] 
[Delivered] [insert details of the method of 
delivery of the Entitlement]. 
(g) 
[The manner in which the Issuer will deliver 
the relevant Entitlement and pay the cash 
adjustment and the dividends, if any, due to 
the Securityholder is detailed below: [●].]] 
(Applicable where “Alternative Physical 
Settlement” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. To include the 
relevant methods of delivery/payment of the 
assets/amounts due) 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Securities) 
25. 
Exchange Rate 
[The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of any 
amount 
into 
the 
relevant 
[settlement 
currency]/[Settlement 
Currency 
or 
Calculation 
Currency, as applicable] 12  for the purposes of 
determining the [Settlement Price (as defined in the 
 
12 
Insert where Single Final Payout – Leverage Factor Securities is applicable

--- Page 976 ---
976 
 
 
relevant Annex to the Terms and Conditions)[,] [or] 
the Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in General 
Security Condition 3)[,] [or] [the Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 17.5)] [,] 
[or][the Remuneration Amount(s)] is [insert rate of 
exchange and details of how and when such rate is to 
be ascertained]/[specify]/[Not applicable]. 
26. 
Settlement Currency: 
[[Dual 
Currency 
Certificates: 
Applicable.] 
The 
settlement currency for the payment of [the Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities)/[the Settlement Disruption Amount] (in the 
case of Physical Delivery Securities) is [⚫]. 
[Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Selection: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Selection 
is 
applicable:  
Applicable to: [Cash Settlement Amount] [and] 
[[Remuneration Amount]] 
First Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Second Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Condition: 
[Less 
than]/[Less than or equal to]/[Greater than]/[Greater 
than or equal to]  
Settlement Price Date(s):  [specify] 
Settlement Currency Barrier Rate(s): [specify]] 
27. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [  ] / (specify other). 
[Insert address of Calculation Agent]

--- Page 977 ---
977 
 
 
28. 
Governing law: 
[English/Italian] law. [Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg 
law 
dated 
10 
August 
1915 
on 
commercial companies, as amended, are not applicable 
to the Securities.] 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
29. 
Hybrid Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[If applicable: 
 
(a) 
The Securities are linked to each of the types 
of Underlying Reference (each a "Type of 
Underlying Reference") set out in the table 
below. The terms and conditions of the 
Securities will be construed on the basis that 
in respect of each separate Type of 
Underlying Reference, the relevant terms 
applicable to each such separate Type of 
Underlying Reference will apply, as the 
context admits, separately and independently 
in respect of the relevant Type of Underlying 
Reference[, subject as provided in (b) below]. 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
 
Type of Underlying Reference 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]] 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]] 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]]

--- Page 978 ---
978 
 
 
 
(b) 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the 
relevant Annex and completed in the 
applicable Final Terms) for each Type of 
Underlying 
Reference 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable Final Terms 
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which 
is the subject of the Hybrid Securities 
provisions should be expressed to be "[⚫] or 
if that is not a Hybrid Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding/preceding] Hybrid 
Business Day"]] 
30. 
Index Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[specify name of Index/Indices] 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[The [⚫] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]13 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
13  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any).

--- Page 979 ---
979 
 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(d) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(e) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(f) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(g) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2]/[specify 
other]. ]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Securities relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
(h) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level 
at the Valuation Time]/[Index Securities Condition 5 
(Futures Price Valuation) applies] 
[First Traded Price Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify] Scheduled Trading Days]. 
(j) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is [the Valuation 
Time].] [specify].] 
 
(N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the Valuation

--- Page 980 ---
980 
 
 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as defined in 
General Security Condition 3.). 
(k) 
Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition 3.2(c)(vi) applies] 
(l) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Security Condition 5.1/specify] 
(m) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[Related Hedging: Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Index Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Index Security Condition 5.2 
applies]

--- Page 981 ---
981 
 
 
(iii) 
Delivery or expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(Not applicable in the case of Index Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(iv) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Index Securities that are 
Futures Rollover Securities) 
(v) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(vii) 
Relevant FTP Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Settlement on Occurrence 
of a Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest

--- Page 982 ---
982 
 
 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition [5.2(vi)] [and] [5.4(vi)] applies] 
31. 
Share Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
 
[Insert details of GDR/ADR]14 
(b) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(c) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(d) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [Shares must be traded on a regulated, 
regularly operating, recognised open market] 
(f) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(g) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(h) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
14  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Securities relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share 
Securities Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 983 ---
983 
 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(i) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 3]/[specify 
other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Securities 
relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
(j) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time]]  
[AQR: Applicable. The Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(k) 
Closing Price: 
[Official closing price] [VWA Closing Price] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Closing Price is [specify]] 
(l) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify] Scheduled Trading Days]. 
(m) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is the Scheduled 
Closing Time as defined in General Security 
Condition 3.] [specify] (N.B. If no Valuation Time is 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time as defined in General Security Condition 
3)] 
(n) 
Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: [Applicable /Not applicable/] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount:

--- Page 984 ---
984 
 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Extraordinary Event constitute a force majeure, Share 
Security Condition [5.2(b)(iii)] [or] [5.2(c)(vi)] 
applies] 
(o) 
Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Security Condition 1/specify] 
(p) 
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(q) 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(r) 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(s) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(t) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]15 
(u) 
CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v) 
Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level: [[⚫] per 
 
15  
Only to be disapplied for Tokyo EQD Securities.

--- Page 985 ---
985 
 
 
cent.]/[As per Share Security Condition 5.3]] 
(w) 
Dividend Protection: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(N.B. Only applicable if Normal Performance applies 
to the Securities)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Adjustments: 
If a Dividend Event occurs during the period from, the 
Issue Date, excluded, to the Exercise Date, included, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, adjust: 
[the Strike Level, the Cap Level and the Initial 
Reference Level by multiplying such levels by the 
Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth decimal 
digit);] 
[    ] 
• 
Cap Level 
[    ] 
• 
Scheduled Dividend: 
[The 
Scheduled 
Dividend 
is, 
for 
each 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
specified 
below, 
an 
amount per Share equal to:] 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
Scheduled Dividend Amount 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]

--- Page 986 ---
986 
 
 
[      ] 
32. 
ETI Securities 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
(b) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(c) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(d) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(i) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(j) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(k) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] /[Not applicable] 
(m) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(n) 
Value per ETI Interest Trading Price 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not

--- Page 987 ---
987 
 
 
Barrier: 
applicable] 
(o) 
Number of Value Publication Days: 
[[⚫] calendar days] [[⚫] Value Business Days]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days 
is calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(p) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(q) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(r) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(s) 
Settlement Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest]/ [price 
at the Valuation Time] 
(t) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising 
the 
ETI 
Basket 
is 
[specify]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(u) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(w) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETI 
Event(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [⚫].]/[Not 
applicable]

--- Page 988 ---
988 
 
 
(y) 
ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(z) 
Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Not applicable] 
(aa) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(bb) 
Termination Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(cc) 
Delayed Settlement on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(dd) 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per cent. 
of the Notional Amount] 
33. 
Debt Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Debt Instruments: 
[specify] [Single debt instrument must be traded on a 
regulated, regularly operating, recognised open 
market] [Not applicable] [Not applicable – Synthetic 
Debt Instrument applies – see item (l)(iii) below] (Not 
applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(b) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 1]/[ Settlement Price 
Option [1][2]: Applicable.] / [[⚫]] / [If Future Price 
Valuation is “Applicable”: as per Debt Security 
Condition 6] 
(c) 
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [⚫] and the Relevant

--- Page 989 ---
989 
 
 
Screen Page is [⚫].] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(d) 
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [insert relevant Debt 
Instrument(s)] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(e) 
Exchange Business Day Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days.] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(h) 
Delayed Settlement on Occurrence 
of Debt Instrument Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: [Applicable/ 
Not applicable] 
 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount]] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(i) 
Debt Instrument Correction Period: 
[As 
per 
the 
Debt 
Security 
Condition 
11]/ 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(j) 
Debt Instrument Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 990 ---
990 
 
 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(k) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Debt Instruments to 
ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫]. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment.] /[specify 
other] 
(l) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Debt Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Debt Security Condition 7 
applies] 
(iii) 
Synthetic Debt Instrument: 
[include description of the key terms of the synthetic 
debt instrument] 
(iv) 
Delivery or expiry month: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Debt Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(v) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Debt Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(vi) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[Specify] 
(vii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Not applicable]/[Specify]

--- Page 991 ---
991 
 
 
[Date/Period]: 
(viii) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Non-
Commencement 
or 
Discontinuance 
of 
an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount] 
(ix) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per the Debt Security Condition 11][Specify] 
34. 
Commodity Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/Commodity 
Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [⚫]] 
(b) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify]

--- Page 992 ---
992 
 
 
 
The Price Source is/are [⚫]16 
(f) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(g) 
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(h) 
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(i) 
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(j) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Security Condition 1] 
(k) 
Trading Disruption: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(m) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[⚫] Commodity Business Days]17/[As per 
Commodity Security Condition 1] 
(n) 
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [specify] 
(o) 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Futures Rollover [Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(p) 
Settlement 
following 
Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Commodity 
Security 
Condition 
3(c)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
 
16  
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices. 
17  
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Securities linked to a single Commodity.

--- Page 993 ---
993 
 
 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Commodity 
Security 
Condition 
[3(c)(v)] 
[or] 
[4(b)(v)], 
[respectively,] applies]  
35. 
Inflation Index Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
(b) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(c) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(e) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Annex 7] [specify]. 
(h) 
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is 
[specify] Business Days prior to such [Valuation 
Date]. 
(i) 
Valuation Date/Settlement Valuation 
Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 994 ---
994 
 
 
(j) 
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(k) 
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(l) 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(m) 
Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation 
Index 
Security 
Condition 
4.7(b)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, Inflation 
Index Security Condition 4.7(b)(v) applies] 
36. 
Currency Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) 
The 
relevant 
alternative 
[currency/currencies] ([the]/[each a] 
"Alternative Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days

--- Page 995 ---
995 
 
 
Disruption: 
(g) 
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Settlement on Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable]  
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Security 
Condition 3(b)(vi) applies] 
(j) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 996 ---
996 
 
 
(ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Currency Securities are Rolling 
Futures Contract Securities: Currency Security 
Condition 6 applies] 
(iii) 
Currency Pair: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
ISIN: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(vi) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Currency Securities 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(vii) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(ix) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Non-
Commencement 
or 
Discontinuance 
of 
an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional

--- Page 997 ---
997 
 
 
Amount] 
(x) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per Currency Security Condition 5]/[specify] 
37. 
Fund Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify Fund/Fund Basket] [Note for a Security to be 
listed on certain regulated markets: the underlying 
must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, 
recognised open market, unless the underlying or 
ultimate underlying is a currency, index, interest rate, 
commodity, a combination of these, or credit linked, or 
the underlying is a UCITS fund or an investment fund 
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland or the 
competent authority of another EU member state 
deemed equivalent by Euronext Dublin. Similar 
restrictions 
are 
applicable 
also 
in 
other 
circumstances.] 
 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(b) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(d) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify]  
(f) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(g) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 998 ---
998 
 
 
(h) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(i) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(j) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(k) 
AUM Level: 
[specify] 
(l) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify] 
(m) 
NAV Trigger Period:  
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(n) 
Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(o) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(p) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(q) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(r) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(s) 
Delayed Settlement on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(t) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(u) 
Fund Event Force Majeure 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[NAV per Fund Share][The sum of the values 
calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the 
NAV per Fund Share of such Basket Component

--- Page 999 ---
999 
 
 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting] 
(w) 
[Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [specify]] 
(x) 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event and Principal Protected Termination Amount 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
(y) 
Settlement on Occurrence of a Fund 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
 
38. 
Futures Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Future(s): 
[insert type of Future(s)] 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 1000 ---
1000 
 
 
(c) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(e) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
(f) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫]. 
Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance with Annex 10]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to Securities relating to a 
Basket)] 
(g) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Futures Security Condition 1]/[[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days]. 
(h) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on the Valuation Date, Observation Date 
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is the 
Scheduled Closing Time as defined in General 
Security Condition 3.] [specify] (N.B. If no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time as defined in General 
Security Condition 3)] 
(i) 
Futures Correction Period: 
[As per Futures Security Conditions 1]/[specify] 
(j) 
Settlement on Occurrence of a 
Futures Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Futures 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:

--- Page 1001 ---
1001 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Futures 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Futures 
Security Condition 3.1(b)(vi) applies] 
39. 
Credit Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
General Terms relating to type of Credit Security 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Securities 
 
(i) 
Single Reference Entity Credit Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Credit Securities 
(Delete the remainder of (ii) if Not 
Applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
N: 
 [•] 
 
Multiple Default Triggers: 
 Multiple Default Trigger:

--- Page 1002 ---
1002 
 
 
 
M: 
 [•] 
 
Substitution: 
 [Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Zero Recovery Credit Securities: 
 [Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Basket Credit Securities: 
 [(Delete remaining paragraphs if Basket 
Credit Securities are not applicable) 
 [Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Distribution End Date: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
[For this purpose, [Distribution Period Settlement] 
[Settlement at Maturity] [Distribution Period Event 
Determination Date Disapplication] shall apply. ]] 
 
Linear Basket Credit Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
Remuneration Reset Credit Securities: 
[Applicable. The Reference Entity Coupon Rate in 
respect of each Reference Entity is as set out in the 
Relevant Annex][Not applicable] 
(v) 
First-to-Default Credit Securities: 
(Delete below paragraph if First-to-Default 
Security is Not applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Substitution 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Tranched Credit Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Combination Credit Securities: 
(Delete remaining paragraphs if Combination 
Credit Securities are Not applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Credit-linked Principal Type: 
[Single Reference Entity Credit Securities] [Nth-to-
Default Credit Securities N:[⚫] [Multiple Default

--- Page 1003 ---
1003 
 
 
Triggers: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
[M:[⚫]] 
[Basket Credit Securities: [Linear Basket Credit 
Securities] 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]][Zero 
Recovery Credit Securities] [First to Default Credit 
Securities] 
[Substitution: 
[Applicable]] 
[Not 
applicable] [Tranched Credit Security] 
Credit-linked Remuneration Type: 
[Single Reference Entity Credit Securities] [Nth-to-
Default Credit Securities N:[⚫] [Multiple Default 
Triggers: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
[M:[⚫]] 
[Basket Credit Securities: [Linear Basket Credit 
Securities] 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]][Zero 
Recovery Credit Securities] [First to Default Credit 
Securities] 
[Substitution: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable]] [Tranched Credit Security] 
(viii) 
Partially Protected Credit Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Hybrid Securities (Principal): 
(Delete remaining paragraphs if Hybrid Securities are 
Not applicable) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Credit Underlying Override: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Insert where principal is credit linked and credit 
linked provisions take priority following an Event 
Determination Date and Certificates will settle in 
accordance with Credit-linked Terms) 
Non-Credit Underlying Override: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Insert where principal is credit-linked but where 
following an Event Determination Date but prior to 
settlement, the other applicable Underlying Reference 
terms will take priority (e.g. specific early redemption 
events for equity-linked Certificates etc. will override 
the credit conditions)

--- Page 1004 ---
1004 
 
 
Adjusted Redemption Calculation Basis: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Insert where principal is credit-linked but where 
following 
an 
Event 
Determination 
Date 
the 
Outstanding Notional Amount will be reduced in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions and the 
other applicable Underlying Reference terms will 
apply to the adjusted Outstanding Notional Amount) 
(x) 
Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate][Standard 
European Corporate][Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial Corporate][Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate][European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate] [Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate][Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate][Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL] 
[Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western European Sovereign][Standard Latin America 
Sovereign][Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign][Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign][Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign][Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign][Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign][Standard Sukuk Sovereign][Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit][Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund][Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue] [⚫] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
 
Relevant Annex: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
Index Sponsor: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1005 ---
1005 
 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Settlement Date: 
[⚫] 
(xii) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[⚫] [As specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount: 
[⚫][as per the Credit Security Conditions] [As 
specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
[Credit Linked Remuneration Only: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
(xiv) 
Reference Entity Weighting: 
[⚫][As specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] [Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
(Delete below line items if RO is as specified 
in the Relevant Annex) 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[⚫] [As specified in Annex 
12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
Primary obligor: 
[⚫] 
Guarantor of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Maturity of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Coupon of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
CUSIP/ISIN of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level] [Senior Non-
Preferred Level] [⚫] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1006 ---
1006 
 
 
Original issue amount of the Reference 
Obligation: 
[⚫] 
 
[The obligation specified as the Reference Obligation 
above shall be the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation notwithstanding that such obligation is not 
an 
obligation 
of 
the 
Reference 
Entity, 
and 
notwithstanding any contrary provision of the 
definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof applies).] 
[Delete if not applicable or if Reference Obligation 
above is an obligation of the Reference Entity] 
(xvi) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/[⚫]/[As 
specified 
in 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant 
Annex]  
[Seniority Level: [Senior]/[Subordinated]/ [Senior 
Non-Preferred Level]/ [⚫]/[Not applicable]] 
(xvii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] [Cash Settlement] [: Final Price: 
[⚫]] [Minimum Quotation Amount [⚫]] [Credit 
Security Condition 2(b) Not applicable]] [Physical 
Settlement] [Not applicable – the Credit Securities are 
Zero Recovery Credit Securities] 
[Payment Requirement [⚫]] 
 
[Credit Unwind Costs: [Not applicable] [⚫]] [Standard 
Credit Unwind Costs: Applicable]  
(xviii) Fallback Settlement Method 
[Cash 
Settlement] 
[Physical 
Settlement][Not 
applicable] 
(xix) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1007 ---
1007 
 
 
(xx) 
Settlement Currency 
[⚫] 
(xxi) 
Merger Event: 
[Credit Security Condition 2(d) [Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
(If Applicable): 
 
[Merger Event Settlement Date: [●] 
Merger 
Type: 
[Reference 
Entity/Securityholder 
Merger] [Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
(xxii) 
Credit Event Backstop Date   
[As per the Credit Security Conditions] [The date that 
is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date] [Issue 
Date] [⚫] 
(xxiii) Credit Observation Period End Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Principal Protection Level: 
[⚫] 
(xxv) 
Non-Credit Linked Percentage 
[Not applicable/[⚫]/As set out in the Relevant Annex] 
(xxvi) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount Credit 
Linked Percentage 
[Not applicable/[⚫]/As set out in the Relevant Annex] 
(xxvii) CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As set out in the Relevant 
Annex] 
[Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable] 
[Trigger Percentage: [⚫] [As specified in Annex 12 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] [As 
per the Credit Security Conditions]] 
(xxviii) Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [As set out in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] 
(xxix) 
Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As set out in the Relevant

--- Page 1008 ---
1008 
 
 
Supplement: 
Annex] 
(xxx) 
Additional Terms relating to Tranched Credit 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if Tranched Credit Securities are Not 
applicable) 
 
Attachment Point: [⚫] 
 
Detachment Point: [⚫] 
 
Settled Entity Matrix: [Not applicable/[⚫]] 
 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Any other terms or provisions: [⚫]] 
(xxxi) 
Additional Provisions: 
[⚫] 
[Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions: 
[Not applicable]] [Delete if Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions applies]] 
 
[In respect of [specify relevant Reference Entity], 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] 
applicable] 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] [As set out in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] 
Credit Events: [As set out in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] [specify if 
different] 
 
(xxxii) Terms 
relating 
to 
Credit 
Linked 
Remuneration: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1009 ---
1009 
 
 
(Delete remaining line items if not applicable) 
(a) Transaction Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate][Standard 
European Corporate][Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial Corporate][Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate] [European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate] [Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate][Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate][Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL] 
[Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western European Sovereign][Standard Latin America 
Sovereign][Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign][Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign][Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign][Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign][Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign][Standard Sukuk Sovereign][Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit][Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund][Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue [⚫] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
[Capped Reference Entity [⚫]] 
(b) Scheduled Settlement Date 
[⚫] 
(c) Reference Entity(ies): 
[⚫] [As specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
Relevant Annex: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1010 ---
1010 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
(d) Reference Entity Notional Amount 
[⚫][as per the Credit Security Conditions] [As 
specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
(e) Reference Entity Weighting: 
[⚫][As specified in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Securities)] [As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] [Not applicable] 
(f) Reference Obligation(s): 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[⚫] [As specified in Annex 
12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
(Delete below if Relevant Annex applies) 
Primary obligor: 
[⚫] 
Guarantor 
of 
the 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Maturity 
of 
the 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Coupon of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
CUSIP/ISIN 
of 
the 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[⚫] 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level] [Senior Non-
Preferred Level] [⚫] [Not applicable] 
Original 
issue 
amount 
of 
the 
Reference Obligation: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1011 ---
1011 
 
 
 
[The obligation specified as the Reference Obligation 
above shall be the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation notwithstanding that such obligation is not 
an 
obligation 
of 
the 
Reference 
Entity, 
and 
notwithstanding any contrary provision of the 
definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof applies).] 
[Delete if not applicable or if Reference Obligation 
above is an obligation of the Reference Entity] 
(g) Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/[⚫]/[As 
specified 
in 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant 
Annex]  
[Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated]/[Senior 
Non-Preferred Level] /[⚫]/[Not applicable]] 
(h) Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] [Cash Settlement] [: Final Price: 
[⚫]] [Minimum Quotation Amount [⚫]] [Credit 
Security Condition 2(b) Not applicable]] [Physical 
Settlement] [Not applicable – Remuneration is Zero 
Recovery Credit Securities] 
 
[Payment Requirement [⚫]] 
 
[Credit Unwind Costs: [Not applicable] [⚫]] [Standard 
Credit Unwind Costs: Applicable]  
(i) Fallback Settlement Method 
[Cash 
Settlement] 
[Physical 
Settlement][Not 
applicable] 
(j) Settlement Currency 
[⚫] 
(k) Merger Event: 
[Credit Security Condition 2(d) [Applicable/Not 
applicable]]

--- Page 1012 ---
1012 
 
 
 
(If Applicable): 
 
[Merger Event Settlement Date: [●] 
Merger 
Type: 
[Reference 
Entity/Securityholder 
Merger] [Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
(l) Credit Event Backstop Date   
[As per the Credit Security Conditions] [The date that 
is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date] [Issue 
Date] [[⚫]] 
(m) Credit Observation Period End Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
(n) CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As set out in the Relevant 
Annex] 
(Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [⚫] [As specified in Annex 12 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Securities)] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] [As 
per the Credit Security Conditions]] 
(o) Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [As set out in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] 
(p) Additional Terms relating to Tranched 
Credit Securities (Remuneration): 
(Include 
only 
for 
Combination 
Credit 
Securities where Remuneration is Tranched 
Credit Securities. If not applicable, delete 
remaining line items) 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
Attachment Point: [⚫] 
 
Detachment Point: [⚫]

--- Page 1013 ---
1013 
 
 
 
Settled Entity Matrix: [Not applicable/[⚫]] 
Incurred Recoveries: 
 
Any other terms or provisions: [⚫]] 
(q) Additional Provisions (Remuneration) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[•][Change 
in 
Standard 
Terms 
and 
Market 
Conventions: [Not applicable]] [Delete if Change in 
Standard Terms and Market Conventions applies]] 
[In respect of [specify relevant Reference Entity], 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] 
applicable] 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] [As set out in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] 
Credit Events: [As set out in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for the specified Transaction Type] [specify if 
different] 
(xxxiii) LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[⚫]/[As specified in the 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Securities)] [Relevant Annex in respect of the 
[relevant Reference Portfolio]] 
(xxxiv) [Hybrid 
Remuneration 
[(Simple)]/[(Credit)]]: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[See paragraphs 45(a) (Provisions relating to 
Remuneration 
in 
respect 
of 
Certificates 
- 
Remuneration), 
45(d) 
(Provisions 
relating 
to 
Remuneration in respect of Certificates - Linked 
Remuneration Amount Certificates) and [specify 
paragraph 45(e)-(n)] in respect of the applicable

--- Page 1014 ---
1014 
 
 
provisions for the calculation of the Remuneration 
Amount.] 
(xxxv) Additional Terms relating to Bonus 
Remuneration 
Securities: 
(Delete 
remaining 
provisions 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Bonus Remuneration Rate: 
[•] 
Outstanding Bonus Remuneration 
Rate Method: 
[Standard][Averaging] 
Bonus Remuneration Accrual Basis: 
[Running Basis][Final Payment] 
Bonus 
Remuneration 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•][Final Settlement only] 
Bouns Remuneration Day Count 
Fraction: 
[•] 
Bonus Remuneration Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
Bonus Remuneration Attachment 
Point: 
[•] 
Bonus Remuneration Detachment 
Point: 
[•] 
Bonus 
Remuneration 
Implicit 
Portfolio Size: 
[•] 
Other terms or provisions applicable 
to Bonus Remuneration: 
[•][Not applicable] 
(xxxvi) Calculation of Remuneration upon 
Credit Event: 
[Remuneration to Remuneration Payment Date] 
[Remuneration to Event Determination Date For this

--- Page 1015 ---
1015 
 
 
purpose, 
[Remuneration 
Paid 
at 
Remuneration 
Payment Date][Remuneration Paid at Settlement Date] 
shall apply.] 
(xxxvii) Additional 
Credit 
Securities 
Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Credit Securities Disruption 
Events apply to the Securities:] [Not applicable] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xxxviii) Calculation 
and 
Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
40. 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Underlying Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(A) 
[Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1016 ---
1016 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] [specify] 
(b) 
Specified 
Duration: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
 [specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Observation 
Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(e) 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [ ] T2 Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable] (NB: A minimum of 5 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent)][●] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(h) 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[specify]] 
(i) 
Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(j) 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[      ] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro/other (give details)]

--- Page 1017 ---
1017 
 
 
(k) 
Designated 
Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(B) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(d) Calculation Start Date: 
[●] [A day that falls [●] [weeks / months] prior to the 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, subject to the 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) Overnight 
Floating 
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1018 ---
1018 
 
 
(ii) 
Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/  
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Compounding 
with Lockout: 
Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Daily Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Averaging with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Averaging with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:

--- Page 1019 ---
1019 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Averaging with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[All-in 
Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable 
(ii) Compounded 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
ISDA Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(c) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1020 ---
1020 
 
 
Rate: 
(e) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 40(b) to 
(e)].  
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
41. 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
42. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[[Change 
in 
Law/Hedging Disruption] does not apply to 
the Securities] 
[Change in Law – Hedge Maintenance Cost: 
Not applicable] 
(b) 
[Optional Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [The following 
Optional Additional Disruption Events apply 
to the Securities: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies. 
N.B. Optional Additional Disruption Events 
are applicable to certain Index Securities, 
Share 
Securities, 
ETI 
Securities 
and 
Commodity Securities. Careful consideration 
should be given to whether Optional 
Additional Disruption Events would apply for 
Debt Securities, Currency Securities and 
Fund Securities and, if so, the relevant 
definitions will require amendment.) 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event]

--- Page 1021 ---
1021 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share 
Securities) 
 
[Cancellation Event] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt 
Securities) 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
 
[Currency Event] 
 
[Extraordinary External Event] 
 
[Jurisdiction Event 
 
Hedging Arrangements: Not applicable] 
 
[Significant Alteration Event] 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
[Hedging Party Default] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities– Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity is applicable to certain Share

--- Page 1022 ---
1022 
 
 
Securities. Careful consideration should be 
given to whether Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Securities) 
 
(c) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
relevant 
Share/Security] is [⚫]. 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
relevant 
Share/Security] is [⚫]. 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(d) 
Settlement: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[Highest 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Market 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Monetisation 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not

--- Page 1023 ---
1023 
 
 
applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
43. 
Knock-in Event18: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less 
than"/"less 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[If Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX 
Knock-in Valuation is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, insert 
relevant provisions from Conditions.] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
18  
Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Currency Securities, Debt Securities, Futures Securities, Fund Securities.

--- Page 1024 ---
1024 
 
 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c) 
Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in 
Level/Knock-in 
Range 
Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-in Level] 
 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Day Convention:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(g) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in General Security Condition 
14] 
(h) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Commodity 
Business Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(i) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(j) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(k) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in General Security Condition 
14]/[Valuation Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day]/[Not applicable] 
(l) 
Knock-in Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
(m) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 1025 ---
1025 
 
 
44. 
Knock-out Event19: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less 
than"/"less 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[If Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX 
Knock-out Valuation is applicable.] 
(b) 
FX Knock-out Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, insert 
relevant provisions from Conditions.] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c) 
Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
19  
Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Currency Securities, Fund Securities, Debt Securities and Futures Securities.

--- Page 1026 ---
1026 
 
 
(d) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out Range 
Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-out Level] 
 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(g) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in General Security Condition 
14] 
(h) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Commodity 
Business Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(i) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(j) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
(k) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in General Security Condition 
14] [Any time on a Knock-out Determination 
Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not applicable] 
(l) 
Knock-out 
Observation 
Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
(m) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
45. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REMUNERATION IN RESPECT OF CERTIFICATES 
[The following provisions are only applicable to Certificates:] 
(a) 
Remuneration: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1027 ---
1027 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs under this paragraph) 
(in case Additional Coupons are provided for, repeat 
all the relevant items in the Final Terms necessary to 
calculate such Additional Coupons) 
[Coupon Switch: [Applicable / Not applicable]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable]/[Target Switch Coupon: 
Applicable] 
[insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions]] 
 
Pre-Switch Coupon: [specify Interest Basis] - [Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Remuneration]:  [MFP 
Fixed Coupon]/[MFP Floating Coupon]/[MFP Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP Digital Coupon]/[MFP Additional 
Digital Coupon]/[MFP Double Digital Coupon]/[MFP 
Corridor Digital Coupon]/[MFP Memory Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[MFP Range Accrual Coupon]/[MFP 
– Digital Mixed Coupon]/[MFP – Double Digital 
Mixed Coupon]/[MFP Ratchet Coupon]/[MFP Best 
Entry 
Coupon]/[Weighted 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[Max 
Mixed Coupon]/[Single FX Vanilla Coupon]/[Single 
FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/[Single FX Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Multiple 
Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Floor 
Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Cap Coupon]/[Single FI 
Target Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted Coupon]/[FX 
Wedding Cake Remuneration]/[Underlying Linked 
Remuneration]/[Underlying 
Interest 
Differential 
Linked Remuneration]/[Inflation Coupon] (see items 
[specify] below)

--- Page 1028 ---
1028 
 
 
 
Post-Switch Coupon: [specify Interest Basis] - [Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Remuneration]:  [MFP 
Fixed Coupon]/[MFP Floating Coupon]/[MFP Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP Digital Coupon]/[MFP Additional 
Digital Coupon]/ [MFP Double Digital Coupon]/[MFP 
Corridor Digital Coupon]/[MFP Memory Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[MFP Range Accrual Coupon]/[MFP 
– Digital Mixed Coupon]/[MFP – Double Digital 
Mixed Coupon]/[MFP Ratchet Coupon]/[MFP Best 
Entry 
Coupon]/[Weighted 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[Max 
Mixed Coupon]/[Single FX Vanilla Coupon]/[Single 
FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/[Single FX Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Multiple 
Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Floor 
Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Cap Coupon]/[Single FI 
Target Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted Coupon]/[FX 
Wedding Cake Remuneration]/[Underlying Linked 
Remuneration]/[Underlying 
Interest 
Differential 
Linked Remuneration] /[Inflation Coupon] [(insert 
relevant provisions, replicating relevant prompts from 
this item and items below as applicable) 
 
Additional 
Switch 
Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] [If applicable: [Specify] [Notional Amount 
× [⚫]%]] 
 
Coupon Switch Date[s]: [Specify]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Remuneration 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[[If applicable: [A Remuneration Barrier Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if [   ].]

--- Page 1029 ---
1029 
 
 
No 
Further 
Remuneration: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] 
No 
Remuneration 
for 
Remuneration 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Remuneration Barrier Level: [   ] with reference to [the 
Remuneration Barrier Observation Date falling on [  ] 
/ the Remuneration Barrier Observation Period [   ]] 
(specify each Remuneration Barrier Level if the 
Remuneration Barrier Level varies for each Barrier 
Observation Date or Barrier Observation Period) 
[Remuneration 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
[Not 
applicable] [  ] 
[Remuneration Barrier Observation Period: [Not 
applicable] [  ]] 
[Remuneration Payment Condition: [Applicable] [Not 
applicable] 
[[If applicable: [A Remuneration Payment Condition 
shall be deemed to have occurred if [   ]. 
(in case of Leveraged Certificates Insert related 
provisions from Conditions) 
[Remuneration Payment Condition Level: [   ]  [Not 
applicable]   
(specify each Remuneration Payment Condition Level 
if the Remuneration Payment Condition Level varies 
for each Payment Condition Observation Date or 
Remuneration 
Payment 
Condition 
Observation 
Period)

--- Page 1030 ---
1030 
 
 
[Remuneration 
Payment 
Condition 
Observation 
Date(s): [   ] [Not applicable] 
[Remuneration 
Payment 
Condition 
Observation 
Period: [   ] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
Remuneration Period(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Remuneration 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Record Date(s): [•]] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
for Remuneration Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/Modified 
Preceding/ Not applicable] [•] (repeat if necessary 
with reference to different Remuneration Payment 
Date(s)) 
 
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Remuneration Rate(s) and 
Remuneration 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Maximum 
Remuneration 
Rate: 
[[specify] /Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Minimum 
Remuneration 
Rate: 
[[specify] /Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify]/[unadjusted] 
(ix) 
Remuneration 
to 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for the different

--- Page 1031 ---
1031 
 
 
Settlement: 
Remuneration periods if necessary) 
(x) 
Remuneration Basis: 
[Fixed Remuneration Amount Certificates] 
(If the Certificates are Fixed Remuneration Amount 
Certificates, complete letter (b) accordingly) 
[Floating Remuneration Amount Certificates] 
(If the Certificates are Floating Remuneration Amount 
Certificates, complete letter (c) accordingly)  
[Fixed 
Remuneration 
Amount 
Certificates 
and 
Floating Remuneration Amount Certificates] 
(If the Certificates are Fixed Remuneration Amount 
Certificates and Floating Remuneration Amount 
Certificates, 
complete 
letters 
(b) 
and/or 
(c) 
accordingly) 
 
[Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates] 
(If the Certificates are Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates, complete letters (d) to (n) accordingly) 
(xi) 
Remuneration Rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/Applicable 
– 
the 
provisions relating to Remuneration Reset Credit 
Securities are applicable] 
(Include one or more of the 
following 
Remuneration 
Rates 
Formulas 
if 
applicable): 
[MFP Fixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(a).]] 
 
[MFP Floating Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(b).]]

--- Page 1032 ---
1032 
 
 
 
[MFP Mixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(d).]] 
 
[MFP Additional Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(e).]] 
 
[MFP Double Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(f).]] 
 
[MFP Corridor Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(g).]] 
 
[MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(h).]] 
 
[MFP Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(i).]] 
 
[MFP – Digital Mixed Coupon applicable:

--- Page 1033 ---
1033 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(j).]] 
 
[MFP – Double Digital Mixed Coupon: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(k).]] 
 
[MFP Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(l).]] 
 
[MFP Best Entry Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(m).]] 
[Weighted Mixed Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(n).]] 
 
[Max Mixed Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(o).]] 
 
[Single FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(p).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(q).]]

--- Page 1034 ---
1034 
 
 
 
[Single FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(r).]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(s).] (If FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish 
in "Rate" below, between the Rate which is FI Rate A 
and the Rate which is FI Rate B)] 
 
[Single FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(t).]] 
 
[Single FX Memory Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(u).]] 
 
[Multiple Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(v).]] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(w).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(x).]]

--- Page 1035 ---
1035 
 
 
 
[Single FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(y).]] 
 
[Single FI Target Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(z).]] 
 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(aa).]] 
 
[FX Wedding Cake Remuneration applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(bb).]] 
[Underlying Linked Remuneration applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(cc).]] 
[Differential Linked Remuneration applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(dd).]] 
[Inflation Coupon applicable: 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(ee).]] 
[[Rate][Rate(i)] [Rate 1(i)] 
[Rate 2(i)]: 
[specify]

--- Page 1036 ---
1036 
 
 
 
(If more than one fixed rate or floating rate is to be 
determined, specify each such rate)] 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Conditions.]] 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be 
determined) 
(i) 
Remuneration Rate[(s)]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Remuneration 
Amount[(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined) 
(i) 
Manner 
in 
which 
Remuneration Rate to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 1037 ---
1037 
 
 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable – the Remuneration Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Remuneration Period 
beginning on [  ] and ending on [  ] shall be calculated 
using linear interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
(iii) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Reference Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] [specify] 
(b) 
Specified Duration: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] [Not applicable] 
(d) 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [ ] T2 Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [ ] T2 Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable] (NB: A minimum of 5 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(h) 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier: 
[specify] [Not applicable]

--- Page 1038 ---
1038 
 
 
(i) 
Remuneration 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] (Typically the second T2 Settlement Day 
prior to the start of each Remuneration Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
(j) 
Relevant 
Determination Time 
[specify] [For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels] time / 
other (give details)] 
(k) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(l) 
Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(m) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[      ] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
(n) 
Relevant Currency 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(o) 
Designated Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(iv) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify]

--- Page 1039 ---
1039 
 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(d) 
Overnight Floating 
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Index 
Floating 
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/  
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Compounding 
with Lockout: 
Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1040 ---
1040 
 
 
(vi) Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[All-in 
Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable 
(ii) Compounded 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1041 ---
1041 
 
 
Index Method: 
(iii) Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
Linked 
Remuneration 
Amount 
Certificates 
[Applicable – see [Index/Share/ETI/Debt/Commodity/ 
Inflation Index/Currency/Fund/Futures/Interest Rate] 
Linked Remuneration Amount Certificates below/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(e) 
Index Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index Sponsor(s): 
[specify name of Index/Indices] 
 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[The [⚫] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index]20 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
 
20  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any).

--- Page 1042 ---
1042 
 
 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will 
apply.] 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Index Correction Period 
[As per Index Security Condition 1/specify] 
(vi) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement][the provisions of Annex 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Securities)] will 
apply.][Observation Day Disruption Consequences are 
not applicable.] 
(vii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days]] 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(x) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis]

--- Page 1043 ---
1043 
 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xiii) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level 
at the Valuation Time] /[Index Securities Condition 5 
(Futures Price Valuation) applies] 
[First Traded Price Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Securities)] [specify 
other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Securities 
relating to a Basket of Indices)/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Settlement on Occurrence 
of an Index Adjustment 
Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional

--- Page 1044 ---
1044 
 
 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition 3.2(c)(vi) applies] 
(xvi) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[Related Hedging: Not applicable] 
(B) 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Index Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Index Security Condition 5.2 
applies] 
(C) 
Delivery or expiry 
month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Index Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(D) 
Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Index Securities that are 
Futures Rollover Securities) 
(E) 
Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(F) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(G) 
Relevant 
FTP 
Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 1045 ---
1045 
 
 
(H) 
Relevant 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange 
Website: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(I) 
Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(J) 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence of a 
Non-
Commencement or 
Discontinuance of 
an 
Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition [5.2(vi)] [and] [5.4(vi)] applies] 
(f) 
Share Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket

--- Page 1046 ---
1046 
 
 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
Companies] 
 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
 
[insert details of GDR/ADR]21 
(ii) 
Relative 
Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(iii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply].  [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(vi) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
21  
In the case of Share Linked Remuneration Certificates relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Remuneration Certificates Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR references asset(s).

--- Page 1047 ---
1047 
 
 
(x) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days]] 
(xi) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [Shares must be traded on a regulated, 
regularly operating, recognised open market] 
(xii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xv) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(xvi) 
Closing Price: 
[Official closing price] [VWA Closing Price] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Closing Price is [specify]] 
(xvii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 3 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Share Securities)]/[specify 
other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Securities 
relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
(xviii) 
Settlement on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:

--- Page 1048 ---
1048 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Extraordinary Event constitute a force majeure, Share 
Security Condition [5.2(b)(iii)] [or] [5.2(c)(vi)] 
applies] 
(xix) 
Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Security Condition 1/specify] 
(xx) 
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxi) 
Listing Change 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxii) 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]22 
(xxv) 
CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
22  
Only to be disapplied for Tokyo EQD Securities.

--- Page 1049 ---
1049 
 
 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level: [[⚫] per 
cent.]/[As per Share Security Condition 5.3]] 
(xxvii) Dividend Protection: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(N.B. Only applicable if Normal Performance applies 
to the Securities)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Adjustments: 
If a Dividend Event occurs during the period from, the 
Issue Date, excluded, to the Exercise Date, included, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, adjust: 
[the Strike Level, the Cap Level and the Initial 
Reference Level by multiplying such levels by the 
Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth decimal 
digit);] 
[    ] 
• 
Cap Level 
[    ] 
• 
Scheduled Dividend: 
[The 
Scheduled 
Dividend 
is, 
for 
each 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
specified 
below, 
an 
amount per Share equal to: ] 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
Scheduled Dividend Amount 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]

--- Page 1050 ---
1050 
 
 
 
[      ] 
(g) 
ETI Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(vii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(viii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(ix) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] /[Not applicable]

--- Page 1051 ---
1051 
 
 
(xiv) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xv) 
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xvi) 
Number 
of 
Value 
Publication Days: 
[[⚫] calendar days] [[⚫] Value Business Days] /[Not 
applicable] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
(xvii) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xviii) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xix) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xx) 
Settlement 
Price/Closing 
Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] / 
[price at the Valuation Time] 
(xxi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xxii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETI Event(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 1052 ---
1052 
 
 
(xxv) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(xxvi) 
Maximum 
Stock 
Loan 
Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [⚫].]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxvii) ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxviii) Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Not applicable] 
(xxix) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxx) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxxi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising 
the 
ETI 
Basket 
is 
[specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxxii) [Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per cent. 
of the Notional Amount] 
(xxxiii) Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(h) 
Debt Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1053 ---
1053 
 
 
(i) 
Debt Instruments: 
[specify] [Single debt instrument must be traded on a 
regulated, regularly operating, recognised open 
market] [Not applicable] [Not applicable – Synthetic 
Debt Instrument applies – see item (xvi)(C) below] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(viii) 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [⚫] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [⚫].][Not applicable]

--- Page 1054 ---
1054 
 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(x) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 1]/[If Future Price 
Valuation is “Applicable”: as per Debt Security 
Condition 6] 
(xi) 
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [insert relevant Debt 
Instrument(s)] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xii) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Debt 
Instrument 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xiii) 
Debt Instrument Correction 
Period: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 11]/ [specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xiv) 
Debt Instrument Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable)

--- Page 1055 ---
1055 
 
 
(xv) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Debt Instruments to 
ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫].  Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment.] /[specify 
other] 
(xvi) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
(B) 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Debt Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Debt Security Condition 7 
applies] 
(C) 
Synthetic 
Debt 
Instrument: 
[include description of the key terms of the synthetic 
debt instrument] 
(D) 
Delivery or expiry 
month: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Debt Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(E) 
Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Debt Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(F) 
Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[Specify] 
(G) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[Specify]

--- Page 1056 ---
1056 
 
 
(H) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence of a 
Non-
Commencement or 
Discontinuance of 
an 
Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount] 
(I) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 11][Specify] 
(i) 
Commodity Linked Remuneration 
Amount Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Commodity/ 
Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [⚫]] 
(ii) 
Remuneration 
Pricing 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Initial 
Remuneration 
Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Final Remuneration Pricing 
Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Commodity 
Reference 
[specify]

--- Page 1057 ---
1057 
 
 
Price: 
 
The Price Source is/are [⚫]23 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify] /[As per Commodity Security Condition 1] 
(xi) 
Trading Disruption: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per Commodity Security Condition 1]/[specify]24 
(xiv) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(xvi) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(xvii) 
Settlement 
following 
Market Disruption Event or 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment Event:  
[Commodity 
Security 
Condition 
3(c)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
 
23  
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices 
24  
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Securities linked to a single Commodity.

--- Page 1058 ---
1058 
 
 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Commodity 
Security 
Condition 
[3(c)(v)] 
[or] 
[4(b)(v)], 
respectively, applies] 
(j) 
Inflation 
Index 
Linked 
Remuneration Amount Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items below as applicable for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, 
distinguish between the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate 
A and the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(i) 
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify] 
(iii) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(iv) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify] 
(vi) 
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Substitute Inflation Index 
Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Annex 7 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index 
Securities)] [specify]

--- Page 1059 ---
1059 
 
 
(viii) 
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is 
[specify] Business Days prior to such [Valuation 
Date]. 
(ix) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(x) 
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Inflation 
Index 
Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Index Cancellation 
[Inflation 
Index 
Security 
Condition 
4.7(b)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, Inflation 
Index Security Condition 4.7(b)(v) applies] 
(k) 
Currency 
Linked 
Remuneration 
Amount Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
The 
relevant 
alternative 
[currency/currencies] 
([the]/[each a] "Alternative 
[specify]

--- Page 1060 ---
1060 
 
 
Currency") [is/are]: 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(vi) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Curreny Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency

--- Page 1061 ---
1061 
 
 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(xii) 
Settlement on Occurrence 
of a Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable]  
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Security 
Condition 3(b)(vi) applies] 
 
(xiii) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 1062 ---
1062 
 
 
(B) 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Currency Securities are Rolling 
Futures Contract Securities: Currency Security 
Condition 6 applies] 
(C) 
Currency Pair: 
[specify] 
(D) 
ISIN: 
[specify] 
(E) 
Expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(F) 
Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Currency Securities 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(G) 
Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(H) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
(I) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence of a 
Non-
Commencement or 
Discontinuance of 
an 
Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional

--- Page 1063 ---
1063 
 
 
Amount] 
(J) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per Currency Security Condition 5]/[specify] 
(l) 
Fund Linked Remuneration Amount 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify Fund/Fund Basket] 
 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(ii) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1][specify] 
(iv) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
(vi) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vii) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(viii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 1064 ---
1064 
 
 
(xii) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
AUM Level: 
 [specify] 
(xiv) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
 [specify] 
(xv) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvi) 
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xviii) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(xix) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xx) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising 
the 
Fund 
Basket 
is 
[specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Delayed 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(xxiv) 
Fund Event Force Majeure: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 1065 ---
1065 
 
 
(xxv) 
Settlement Price: 
[NAV per Fund Share][The sum of the values 
calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the 
NAV per Fund Share of such Basket Component 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting] 
(xxvi) 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Settlement on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event and Principal Protected Termination Amount 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
(xxvii) Settlement on Occurrence 
of a Fund Index Adjustment 
Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
(m) 
Futures 
Linked 
Remuneration 
Amount Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Futures: 
[insert type of Future(s)] 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply].  [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].]

--- Page 1066 ---
1066 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Remuneration 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disruption 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days] 
(viii) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xi) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
(xii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price is

--- Page 1067 ---
1067 
 
 
[specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 10 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities)]/[specify 
other]. [Not Applicable](N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Securities relating to a Basket)] 
(xiii) 
Futures Correction Period: 
[As per Futures Security Conditions 1]/[specify] 
(xiv) 
Settlement on Occurrence 
of a Futures Adjustment 
Event: 
[Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Futures 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Futures 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Futures 
Security Condition 3.1(b)(vi) applies] 
(n) 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Remuneration Amount Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(if applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Rate(i)

--- Page 1068 ---
1068 
 
 
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate) 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(A) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] [specify] 
(b) Specified 
Duration: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) Observation 
Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(e) Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [ ] T2 Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable] (NB: A minimum of 5 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation

--- Page 1069 ---
1069 
 
 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent)][●] [Not Applicable] 
(f) D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(h) Relevant 
Currency: 
[specify]] 
(i) Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(j) Relevant 
Financial Centre 
[      ] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
(k) Designated 
Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(B) 
ISDA 
Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA

--- Page 1070 ---
1070 
 
 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(d) 
Calculation Start 
Date: 
[●] [A day that falls [●] [weeks / months] prior to the 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, subject to the 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index 
Floating 
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Compounding 
with Lockout: 
Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1071 ---
1071 
 
 
(vi) Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[All-in 
Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable

--- Page 1072 ---
1072 
 
 
(ii) Compounded 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
ISDA Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Rate Multiplier (s): 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items [(ii) to 
(v)].  
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
46. 
EXERCISE, VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT 
(a) 
[Instalment Certificates: 
The Certificates [are/are not] Instalment Certificates.

--- Page 1073 ---
1073 
 
 
[The Instalment Certificates [are/are not] Instalment 
Certificates (with NA Adjustment)] 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s) 
[specify] 
[NA × Instalment Percentage  
Instalment Percentage: [⚫] per cent.] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[specify]] 
(b) 
[Issuer Call Option:]25 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[European Style] [American Style] 
(i) 
Call 
Option 
Exercise 
[Date]/[Period]: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Optional Settlement Date 
(Call): 
[specify] 
[The day falling [•] Business Days following the 
Optional Settlement Valuation Date] 
(Insert if Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 1 or Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities is applicable) 
(iii) 
Optional 
Settlement 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
[The date designated as the Optional Settlement 
Valuation Date by the Issuer in the notice of 
 
25 
Where applicable, there will be a minimum notice period of 5 Business Days.

--- Page 1074 ---
1074 
 
 
settlement, being the day falling [•] Business Days 
after the notice referred to in General Security 
Condition 
17.7 
has 
been 
delivered 
to 
the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Security 
Condition 8 
(Insert if Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 1 or Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities is applicable)] 
(iv) 
Optional Cash Settlement 
Amount (Call): 
[NA × [⚫] per cent.]  
[Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
4.1(a).]] 
 
[Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
4.1(b).]] 
 
[Call Payout Leverage Factor Securities] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
4.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Call Payout] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
4.1(d).]] 
 
[Leveraged Certificates Call Payout]  
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
4.1(e).]] 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable]

--- Page 1075 ---
1075 
 
 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.2]] 
(Replicate 
related 
provisions 
from 
Formulas 
Condition 4.1 or 4.2 in case of a different Optional 
Cash Settlement Amount (Call) upon occurrence of a 
Call Option Event) 
(v) 
Call Option Condition  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(A) 
Call Option Event  
[A Call Option Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if [   ]. ] (Insert relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Conditions)  
(B) 
Call Option Exercise 
Valuation Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(C) 
Call Option Exercise 
Valuation Period 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
[Securityholders Put Option:]26 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[European Style] [American Style] 
(N.B. Where SFP Leverage Factor Securities and 
Maturity Extension and/or Reverse Split are specified 
as applicable, Securityholders Put Option must be 
 
26 
Where applicable, there will be a minimum notice period of 5 Business Days.

--- Page 1076 ---
1076 
 
 
specified as "Applicable") 
(i) 
Put Option Exercise Notice 
Period 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Optional Settlement Date 
(Put): 
[specify] 
[Insert if Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 1, Maturity Extension and/or Reverse Split 
is applicable: The day falling [ten] Business Days 
after the relevant Optional Settlement Valuation Date] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Settlement 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[The first Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 1 Valuation Date falling on or after the last 
day of the Put Option Exercise Notice Period in which 
notice of settlement is validly given in accordance 
with General Security Condition 17.8.  
"Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1 
Valuation Date" means the [specify] day of [each 
month]/[each 
[specify 
month] 
in 
each 
year 
commencing [on [⚫]/the [calendar month]/[calendar 
year] after the Issue Date] or, if that is not a CV 
Calculation 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] CV Calculation Day 
(Insert if Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 1 is applicable)] 
[Insert if "Maturity Extension" and/or "Reverse Split" 
is applicable: [The date specified as such in the 
[Maturity Extension Notice] [or] [Reverse Split 
Notice], validly given in accordance with General 
Security Condition [17.9] [or] [17.10].]/[The date 
falling [●] Business Days prior to the [Postponed

--- Page 1077 ---
1077 
 
 
Settlement Date] [or] [Reverse Split Effective Date] 
specified in the [Maturity Extension Notice] [or] 
[Reverse Split Notice], validly given in accordance 
with General Security Condition [17.9] [or] [17.10].] 
(iv) 
Optional Cash Settlement 
Amount (Put): 
[NA × [⚫] per cent.] 
[Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 1] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(a).]] 
 
[Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(b).]] 
 
[Put Payout Leverage Factor Securities] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Put Payout 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(d).]] 
[MFP Put Normal Performance Payout 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(e).]] 
 
 
[Leveraged Certificates Put Payout 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
3.1(f).]]

--- Page 1078 ---
1078 
 
 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1]] 
(v) 
Minimum Notice Period:  
[specify] / [Not applicable] (Repeat as necessary if 
different in respect of a Maturity Extension or Reverse 
Split) 
(vi) 
Maximum Notice Period:  
[specify] / [Not applicable] (Repeat as necessary if 
different in respect of a Maturity Extension or Reverse 
Split) 
(d) 
[Automatic Early Settlement27: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout] [FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout] [FI 
Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout] [[Single] 
Standard Automatic Early Settlement [– Automatic 
Early Settlement Event 1]: "greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
[Standard Automatic Early Settlement – Automatic 
Early Settlement Event 2 Applicable: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than 
or equal to"] [MFP Target Automatic Early Settlement 
Event] 
[Automatic Early Settlement Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Settlement  Event 2] 
 
27  
Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Currency Securities, Fund Securities, Futures Securities and, in the case of FI Underlying Automatic Early 
Settlement Payout, Currency Securities and Underlying Interest Rate Securities.

--- Page 1079 ---
1079 
 
 
 
[As per General Security Condition 17.5 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
[AES Knock-out: [Knock-out Event]/ 
 
[Knock-in Event] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
[Leveraged Automatic Early Settlement: Applicable  
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout: 
[Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities 1] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(a).]] 
 
[Automatic Early Settlement Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities 2] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(b).]] 
 
[SFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Automatic Early Settlement Payout] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(d).]]

--- Page 1080 ---
1080 
 
 
 
[Leveraged Certificates Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(e).]] 
 
[Target Automatic Early Settlement Payout: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(f).]] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Settlement Payout: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(g).]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Settlement Payout: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(h).]] 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.2]] 
(iii) 
Early 
Settlement 
Entitlement 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: The Early Settlement Entitlement in 
relation to each Security is:  
[an amount equal to: [specify]]/ 
[Entitlement Units; multiplied by the Entitlement 
Multiplier; [multiplied by the Weighting].] 
[Entitlement Units: [specify]]

--- Page 1081 ---
1081 
 
 
[Entitlement Multiplier: [specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Observation Time: 
[At any time during the opening hours of the 
Exchange]/[specify] 
(vii) 
Observation Price: 
[Official 
level]/[Opening 
price]/[Official 
close]/[Closing 
price]/[Purchase 
price]/[Sale 
price]/[Traded price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Last 
price]/[Official settlement price]/[Daily settlement 
price]/[Not applicable]] 
(viii) 
Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule: 
[[upwards/downwards] [⚫] digits]/[specify]] 
(Include [(v) to (vii)] if Automatic Early Settlement 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 applies) 
(ix) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Level [1]: 
[specify]/[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[Last 
Price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Standard Price]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
MFP AES Valuation: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
Insert 
related 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
[(x) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Level 2: 
[specify]/[Standard 
Price][Last 
Price]/[Not 
applicable]] 
[(xi) 
MFP AES Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable]: 
 
[MFP AES Value [1]:

--- Page 1082 ---
1082 
 
 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[MFP AES Value 2: 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions]]] 
(xii) 
[(A)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Settlement Level [1]: 
[specify] 
[(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Settlement Level [2]: 
[specify]] 
[AES Range Level: 
[specify]] 
[AES Range Level 1: 
[specify]] 
[AES Range Level 2: 
[specify]] 
(xiii) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Percentage(s): 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
AES Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[AES Rate] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
[AES up Rate] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions] 
 
[AES CSN Rate] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]

--- Page 1083 ---
1083 
 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Time/Period(s): 
[specify]/[AES Knock-out Date]/[As per General 
Security Condition 17.5(c)] 
 
[AES 1 Settlement Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
 
[AES 2 Settlement Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify]] 
 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the remuneration determination date (i.e. 2 business 
days prior to the Automatic Early Settlement Date)] 
[(xvi) 
AES 
Event 
1 
Underlying[s]: 
[See item [⚫] below]/[Not applicable]] 
[(xvii) 
AES 
Event 
2 
Underlying[s]: 
[See item [⚫] below]/[Not applicable]] 
[(xviii) AES Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[(xix) 
AES Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]] 
(e) 
[Strike Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(f) 
[Strike Price:] 
[specify] / [see item [⚫] above] / [Not applicable] 
(g) 
[Settlement Valuation Date:] 
[specify] (N.B. Where Automatic Exercise applies the 
Securities are Share Securities and the Shares are 
traded on the Italian regulated market organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana insert "the [Scheduled

--- Page 1084 ---
1084 
 
 
Trading Day] immediately preceding the Exercise 
Date")/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(h) 
[Averaging:] 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Securities. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] (Not applicable 
to Inflation Index Securities) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in General Security 
Condition 3) will apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to 
Commodity Securities) 
(i) 
[Observation Dates:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] (N.B. 
Not applicable to Commodity Securities) 
(j) 
[Observation Period:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Index Securities)

--- Page 1085 ---
1085 
 
 
(k) 
[Settlement Business Day:] 
"Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of 
General Security Condition 4 means [specify]. [Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in the case of 
Physical Delivery Securities) 
(l) 
[Security Threshold on the Issue 
Date]: 
[Specify] 
 
(Only relevant for Italian Listed Securities where 
Single Final Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Securities and/or Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1 are applicable) 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITY 
 
47. 
Whether Securities are Secured Securities: 
The Securities are [Secured/Unsecured] 28  Securities 
[The provisions of Annex 13 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Secured Securities) shall apply.] 
(If Securities are not Secured Securities, delete items 
from 48 to 57) 
48. 
Initial Collateral Assets: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable describe 
this: for example text see below: 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are a 
loan or loans:] 
[[currency] [amount]] of principal amount of a loan 
originally made by [⚫] to [⚫] as evidenced by [⚫] 
dated and [describe transfer instrument to the Issuer] 
 
28 If the Securities are CREST Dematerialised Securities “Unsecured” must be selected.

--- Page 1086 ---
1086 
 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
cash: 
 
[[currency] [amount]]] deposited with [the Custodian] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are debt 
securities: 
 
[[⚫] issued by [⚫] [and guaranteed by [⚫]] 
 
[ISIN and Common Code:  
 
[⚫]]] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
equity securities: 
 
[[⚫] [type of shares] issued by [⚫]] 
 
[ISIN:   
[⚫]]] 
 
Date of establishment of equity issuer: [⚫] 
Publication of price information: [via exchange] 
Frequency of publication: [daily]/[weekly]/[monthly] 
Daily trading volumes: [⚫] 
Regulatory authority: [specify]] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund: 
 
[[⚫] [type of fund shares] issued by [⚫]] 
 
[ISIN:   
[⚫]]] 
 
[Issuer]/[Obligor] address: [specify]

--- Page 1087 ---
1087 
 
 
 
Regulated 
market 
(or 
equivalent) 
on 
which 
[issuer]/[obligor]/[guarantor] is admitted to trading: 
[insert details of Stock Exchange and related 
exchange, if applicable] [insert electronic link where 
the documentation in relation to the obligations can be 
found] 
49. 
Eligible Collateral: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] [If applicable set out 
details out of criteria] 
50. 
Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[(NB – for Secured Securities, one but not both of this 
paragraph 
(Charged 
Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements) 
and 
the 
following 
paragraph 
(Collateral Arrangements Only) should be specified as 
applicable] 
 
(i) 
Counterparty: 
[Mediobanca 
- 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
SpA][Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Charged Agreement(s): 
[Transfer Agreement [and][Credit Support Document]  
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Charged Agreement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][If Applicable, describe 
this] 
(iv) 
Transfer Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Applicable, describe 
this, in particular the basis on which further Collateral 
Assets may be provided, if not adjusted in "Credit 
Support Document" below. For example text see 
below: 
(a) [The agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Counterparty evidenced by [an  ISDA 
2002 Master Agreement and schedule thereto 
entered into by the Issuer and the Counterparty] [a 
repurchase agreement] [a sale and purchase 
agreement] dated on or about the Issue Date of the

--- Page 1088 ---
1088 
 
 
first Tranche, [as supplemented by the Credit 
Support Document specified below] [and together 
with the confirmation entered into by the Issuer 
and the Counterparty in respect of the Secured 
Securities], the purpose of which is to allow the 
Issuer to perform its scheduled obligations under 
the terms of the 
Secured Securities and 
collateralise the Counterparty's obligations under 
the agreement (the “Transfer Agreement”). 
Accordingly, the Transfer Agreement provides 
that: 
 
(A) initially, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Counterparty the proceeds of issue of the 
Secured Securities; 
 
(B) over the term of the Secured Securities and at 
scheduled settlement thereof (and in certain 
circumstances on the early redemption of the 
Secured Securities) the Counterparty shall 
pay to the Issuer payments which correspond 
to those which the Issuer is scheduled to 
make 
to 
Securityholders 
under 
the 
Conditions; and 
 
(C) as 
collateral 
for 
the 
Counterparty's 
obligations under the Transfer Agreement 
over the term of the Secured Securities the 
Counterparty 
shall 
deliver 
the 
Initial 
Collateral Assets and from time to time 
additional Collateral Assets to the Issuer and, 
as applicable, the Issuer shall re-deliver 
Collateral Assets to the Counterparty, in each 
case (a) on the basis of the [insert valuation 
period and timing of valuation] fair market 
valuation of the existing Collateral Assets and 
the Secured Securities and (b) as soon as 
practicable following such valuation.] 
 
(b) Transfer Agreement           Termination Date: 
[⚫].]/

--- Page 1089 ---
1089 
 
 
 
(c) [The agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Counterparty evidenced by [an  ISDA 
2002 Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross 
Border) and schedule thereto entered into by the 
Issuer and the Counterparty] [a repurchase 
agreement] [a sale and purchase agreement] dated 
on or about the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche[together with the confirmation entered 
into by the Issuer and the Counterparty in respect 
of the Secured Securities], the purpose of which is 
to allow the Issuer to perform its scheduled 
obligations under the terms of the Secured 
Securities 
(the 
“Transfer 
Agreement”).  
Accordingly, the Transfer Agreement provides 
that: 
 
(A) initially, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Counterparty the proceeds of issue of the 
Secured Securities; and 
 
(B) over the term of the Secured Securities and at 
scheduled settlement thereof (and in certain 
circumstances on the early redemption of the 
Secured Securities) the Counterparty shall 
make payments to the Issuer equal to the 
payments and/or deliveries which the Issuer 
is scheduled to make to Securityholders 
under the Conditions. 
 
(d) Transfer Agreement        Termination Date: 
[⚫].]29 
(v) 
Credit Support Document: 
[If Applicable describe this, including the basis on 
which further Collateral Assets may be provided.  For 
example text, see below: 
[The ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (English law) 
 
29 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1090 ---
1090 
 
 
between the Issuer and the Counterparty (the Credit 
Support Document) dated the Issue Date in respect of 
the first Tranche which provides that over the term of 
the Secured Securities the Counterparty will transfer to 
the Issuer by way of Credit Support the Initial 
Collateral Assets and from time to time additional 
Collateral Assets subject to an obligation of the Issuer 
to return such assets from time to time (in whole or in 
part, as applicable), in each case (a) on the basis of the 
[insert valuation period and timing of valuation] fair 
market valuation of the existing Collateral Assets and 
the Secured Securities and (b) as soon as practicable 
following such valuation.]] 
(vi) 
(a) 
Counterparty's 
rights to assign and/or to 
delegate 
its 
rights 
and 
obligations 
under 
the 
Transfer Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Security Ranking Basis: 
[Counterparty Priority Basis]/[Noteholder Priority  
Basis]/[Pari Passu Basis]/[Other] 
(c) 
Value Basis/Nominal Basis 
(specify for purposes of 
General Security Condition 
10 (Further Issues)): 
[Not Applicable][[Value/Nominal] Basis applies [and, 
where Value Basis applies, the Coverage Percentage is 
[ 
]%]  
(d) 
Value: 
[Specify determination method, including any relevant 
valuation haircuts, or state “The definition of “Value” 
in Secured Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
applies.”] 
51. 
Collateral Arrangements Only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(NB – for Secured Securities, one but not both of this 
paragraph (Collateral Arrangements Only) and the 
preceding paragraph (Charged Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements) should be specified as applicable] 
(i) 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) 
Value 
Basis/Nominal Basis: 
[Not Applicable][[Value/Nominal] Basis applies [and, 
where Value Basis applies, the Coverage Percentage is

--- Page 1091 ---
1091 
 
 
[ 
]%]  
(b) 
Value: 
[Specify determination method, including any relevant 
valuation haircuts, or if the fallback in the definition of 
“Value Basis” applies state “Shall have the meaning 
given to such term in the definition of “Value Basis” 
in Secured Security Condition 1 (Definitions) ”] 
(iii) 
(a) 
Issuer 
Collateral 
Assets Optional Top Up 
Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Issuer 
Collateral 
Assets 
Excess Removal Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Issuer 
Collateral 
Assets 
Maintenance Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Issuer 
Collateral 
Assets 
Substitution 
Right 
(with 
coverage test): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Issuer 
Collateral 
Assets 
Substitution Right (without 
coverage test): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
52. 
Security Termination Amount: 
[  ]  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
53. 
Custodian: 
[BNP 
PARIBAS, 
Luxembourg 
Branch][Not 
Applicable]/[Other][Insert details] 
[Include details of Custody Agreement entered into if 
Custodian is not BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
and relevant governing law]

--- Page 1092 ---
1092 
 
 
54. 
Account Bank: 
[BNP 
PARIBAS, 
Luxembourg 
Branch][Not 
Applicable]/[Other][Insert details] 
[Include details of Account Bank Agreement entered 
into if Account Bank is not BNP PARIBAS, 
Luxembourg Branch and relevant governing law] 
55. 
Early Settlement: 
[Early settlement upon a 
Charged Agreement 
Termination: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Security enforceable on termination of Transfer 
Agreement: [No] [Yes, if terminated as a result of an 
event of default occurring under the Transfer 
Agreement]] 
[Early 
settlement 
upon 
a 
Regulatory 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
56. 
Additional Event of Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
[If applicable, describe Additional Event of Default] 
57. 
Additional Charging Document: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
[If 
applicable, 
describe 
Additional 
Charging 
Document, including any Luxembourg pledge]

--- Page 1093 ---
1093 
 
 
[For the purpose of the Securities the terms specified in these Final Terms are deemed to be incorporated into the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities as amended and/or supplemented by the provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions set out in the Annex specified in the Final Terms (the "Conditions") and shall thereby 
complete the Conditions for the purpose of the Securities and these Final Terms may be regarded as evidencing 
the complete Conditions.]30 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The information contained in these Final Terms [[      ] has been extracted from [      ]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [      ], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]. [The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for 
the information set out in these Final Terms.] 
[Signed on behalf of the relevant Issuer: 
 
By:………………………………. 
By: …………………………… 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised ] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:……………………………….. 
By: ……………………………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]] 
 
 
30 To be inserted if the Securities are CREST Dematerialised Securities.

--- Page 1094 ---
1094 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing31: 
[Official List of the [Euronext Dublin] [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][Euronext Paris]] [SeDeX] [EuroTLX] 
[Euronext Access Paris]/[specify other trading venues not 
being a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 
2014/65/EU]/[None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading32: 
[Application [has been made][is expected to be made] by 
the relevant Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to 
be admitted to trading on [[the regulated market [of the 
[Euronext Dublin] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange][ 
Euronext Paris] [SeDeX multilateral trading facility 
which is not a regulated market for the purpose of 
Directive 2014/65/EU] [the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX which is not a regulated market for the purpose 
of Directive 2014/65/EU] [the multilateral trading facility 
of Euronext Access Paris which is not a regulated market 
for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU] with effect 
from [      ]]/[specify other trading venues not being a 
regulated 
market 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
Directive 
2014/65/EU] [Not applicable] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to make [further] 
application[s] for the Securities to be admitted to listing 
and/or trading on [additional] markets/trading venues.] 
 
31   Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility 
and no application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but 
will constitute a pricing supplement. 
32   Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility 
and no application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but 
will constitute a pricing supplement.

--- Page 1095 ---
1095 
 
 
 
 
 
[[Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[•] 
will act as Liquidity Provider with reference to the 
Securities traded on [•].]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[(iii)] 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:] 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities to be issued have not been rated.  
3. 
 
NOTIFICATION 
 
 
[Not applicable.] [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – 
include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of 
the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent 
authorities of host member states] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement thereto dated [   ]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.] [the Final Terms have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland for onward 
communication to the [insert placeholders for competent authority of each Host Member State]] 
4. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER/LISTING 
 
 
[Not applicable] [Save for the fees payable to the [Dealer(s)/Distributors]/[include other entities],] 
so far as the relevant Issuer is aware, no [other] person involved in the [issue/offer/lisitng] of the 
Securities has an interest material to the [issue/offer/listing]. (Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests) 
5. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds

--- Page 1096 ---
1096 
 
 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)]  
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.](***) 
6. 
 
YIELD [Certificates paying 
remuneration at a fixed rate only] 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[      ] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date using [the ICMA 
Method] [   ]. 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price[,] [and] the [Remuneration 
Rate][and Fixed Remuneration Amount] [and the Broken 
Amount]. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES [floating rate Certificates only] 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
[Not applicable] [Details of historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/CM
S/] can be obtained [free of charge] [at a 
charge] from [Reuters]/[•].] 
8. 
 
FURTHER INFORMATION PUBLISHED BY THE ISSUER [Not applicable if the Securities 
are Credit Securities] 
 
 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide any further information on the past and future performance 
and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference. [The Issuer will provide further information relating 
to the past and future performance and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference on [insert source 
[•]] [and update the information on an ongoing basis following issuance of the Securities]. Such 
information will include [describe information: [•]]  
9. 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE  
 
 
[Information on the past and future performance of the Underlying Reference[s] and [its][their] 
volatility can be obtained [free of charge] [at a charge] [•] /[[on the public website on www. [  ] [ ] 
[and on the [Bloomberg] or [Reuters] page as provided for each Component composing the 
Underlying Reference. [NB ensure such page is given there] [If no public information exists, 
 
*** It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.

--- Page 1097 ---
1097 
 
 
insert: in a physical form at the offices of [insert address/telephone number]] 
[In case of Credit Linked Certificates, insert: 
[Where the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation is a single entity or is a single obligation, 
or in the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations where a single reference 
entity or single obligation represents 20% or more of the basket: 
[If the Reference Entity (or obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has no securities 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published by the 
Reference Entity (or by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), supplement or 
drawdown prospectus will include information relating to the Reference Entity (or to the obligor 
in respect of the Reference Obligation) as if it were the issuer (in accordance with the registration 
document for wholesale non-equity securities)] 
[If the Reference Entity (or the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published 
by the Reference Entity (or by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), its name, ISIN, 
address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the 
obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its 
securities are admitted]] 
[In the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations, where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the basket: 
Name(s) of [the Reference Entities] [the obligors in respect of the Reference Obligations]: 
ISIN:]] 
 
 
 
 
[If the relevant Underlying Reference is an index or basket of indices, insert: 
The sponsor of the, or each, index composing the Underlying Reference also maintains an Internet 
Site at [the following address] [•] where further information may be available in respect of the 
Underlying Reference.  
[Name of Index Sponsor Website]  
[Insert relevant disclaimer for each index:]] 
10. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[      ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[      ]

--- Page 1098 ---
1098 
 
 
 
 
CFI: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
 
FISN: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Clearing System(s): 
[Euroclear and Clearstream/ Euroclear UK & 
Ireland/Monte Titoli/other] 
[if CDIs add: The Securities will be accepted for 
settlement in Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) via the 
CREST Depositary Interest (CDI) mechanism] 
 
 
If other that Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme [Monte Titoli] 
include the relevant identification 
number(s) [and in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Securities, the 
Euroclear Registrar]: 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
[Contact details of the Euroclear Registrar will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
CREST Delaterialised Securities include reference to the 
Euroclear Agreement and its availability] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
[      ] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ] 
11. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not applicable/give names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.)  
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
  
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of the Securities may be made 
by [the Managers and] [specify if applicable] other than

--- Page 1099 ---
1099 
 
 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[specify relevant member state(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify date] 
("Offer Period"). See further Paragraph 12 (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer) of Part B below. 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Swiss private 
clients: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Swiss withdrawal right pursuant to 
Article 63 para. 5 FinSO 
[Applicable: If an obligation to prepare a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 63 para. 1 of the 
Swiss Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO") is 
triggered during the subscription period, subscriptions 
may be withdrawn within two days after the final 
completion of the public offer.]/ [Not applicable] 
(Specify as applicable in case of a Swiss offer where a 
withdrawal right pursuant to article 63 para 5 FinSO is 
granted). 
12. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER(*) 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
Offer Period: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Offer Amount: 
[give details] 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
*   Not relevant for an issue of Securities with an issue price of equal to or greater than Euro 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 1100 ---
1100 
 
 
 
 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Securities: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the relevant Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Other intermediaries in case of public 
distribution through trading venues 
(including SeDeX) 
[None/give details]

--- Page 1101 ---
1101 
 
 
13. 
 
SECONDARY 
MARKET 
PRICING  
[Applicable33] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the 
Securities from the Securityholder prior to the 
Settlement Date, the secondary market pricing 
provided by the Issuer on the Securities will reflect [ ] 
(give details of hedge unwinding costs and/or loss of 
profit related to such hedging portfolio)] 
[A secondary market for the Certificates will be 
available [through the multilateral trading facility of 
[EuroTLX][SeDeX][[•], where Mediobanca/[•] will 
act as Liquidity Provider with a maximum bid/ask 
spread of [•] per cent. [under normal market 
conditions]/[specify other].]  
14. 
 
SPECIFIC 
BUY 
BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
[The value of the Certificates shall reflect and shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions.  
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions 
affects the repurchase price (Buy Back Price), if any, of 
the Certificates, before their maturity.]  
 
 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of the 
Interest Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield with 
respect to the yield of Certificates with equal payoff 
but without Specific Buy Back Provisions, and the 
 
33   Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility 
and no application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but 
will constitute a pricing supplement.

--- Page 1102 ---
1102 
 
 
composition of the Underlying Transactions, and any 
relevant changes thereof, shall be published on [the 
website of Mediobanca www.mediobanca.it] [the 
website 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
www.mediobanca.it] [the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [the website of Euronext Dublin] 
[specify alternative method of publication]].]  
 
 
 
• 
Specified Currency: 
[specify] 
15. 
 
[EU 
BENCHMARKS 
REGULATION 
 
 
 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable] [and] [Assets deliverable] under the 
Securities will be determined by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to 
each relevant Benchmark) 
As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU 
BMR"). [As far as the Issuer is aware [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the EU BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of the EU BMR.]/[, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU BMR apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Amounts payable] [and] [Assets deliverable] under the 
Securities will be determined by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to 
each relevant Benchmark) 
As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as

--- Page 1103 ---
1103 
 
 
it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA (the "UK BMR"). [As far as the Issuer is aware 
[[insert name of Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the UK BMR by 
virtue of Article 2 of the UK BMR.]/[, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the UK BMR apply, such that 
[●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 1104 ---
1104 
 
 
PART C – OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert other relevant information and provisions in accordance with Annex 28 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, such as (i) additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities notes, 
relating to the underlying country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public takes place, (ii) country(ies) where 
admission to trading on the regulated market(s) is being sought, (iii) country(ies) into which the relevant base 
prospectus has been notified, (iv) series number, (v) tranche number. Delete if not required]

--- Page 1105 ---
1105 
 
 
  
PART D – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 1106 ---
1106 
 
 
TAXATION

--- Page 1107 ---
1107 
 
 
The following is a general summary of certain Italian, Luxembourg, Irish, French, Swis, UK and certain other 
tax consequences of the purchase, the ownership and the disposal of the Securities. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax aspects which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, 
own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors and of Securities, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities and 
certain non-Italian resident Securityholders purchasing Securities convertible or exchangeable into shares) may 
be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities. Only these advisors are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
This summary assumes that Mediobanca is resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Italy and that 
Mediobanca International and MBFL are resident for tax purposes in Luxembourg respectively and are 
structured and conduct their business in the manner outlined in this Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International’s and/or MBFL’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each 
of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes that each transaction 
with respect to the Securities is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg, Irish, French 
Swiss or other non-UK concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the 
meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian, Luxembourg, Irish, French, Swiss or other non-UK  concepts 
under the relevant Italian, Luxembourg, Irish, French, Swiss or other non-UK tax laws. 
This summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Prospectus, which are subject 
to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis.  
None of Mediobanca, Mediobanca International or MBFL will update this summary to reflect changes in law 
and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this summary could become obsolete. 
(A) 
Italian tax regime of the Securities issued by Mediobanca 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, through 
which the Securityholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments; or 
(b) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the 
Securityholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation of the 
same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at maturity. 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
Tax on income and capital gains 
Italian resident investors

--- Page 1108 ---
1108 
 
 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments as well as capital 
gains of the Securities received by Securityholders which are (a) Italian resident companies or similar entities 
(including Italian permanent establishments of non-Italian residents to which the Securities are effectively 
connected), (b) Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities or similar commercial entities (c) 
Italian resident individuals engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively 
connected, are included in the relevant holder’s taxable income and are therefore subject to the Italian corporate 
income tax regime (corporate income tax, IRES, is currently levied at the rate of 24 per cent. - 27.5 per cent. rate 
in case the Securityholder is a credit or a financial institution other than a management company of an 
undertaking for collective investment or  "società di intermediazione mobiliare" ("SIM")), or to personal income 
tax regime (personal income tax, IRPEF, is currently levied at progressive rates between 23% up to 43% plus 
regional and municipal surtaxes), as the case may be, according to the ordinary rules. In certain cases, depending 
on the status of the Securityholder, such proceeds may also have to be included in its taxable base for regional 
income tax on business activities (IRAP, currently levied at the generalrate of 3.9 per cent., increased to 4.65 per 
cent. and 5.90 per cent. in case, respectively, of banks and other financial institutions and insurance companies. 
IRAP rate may be varied up to 0.92 per cent. by certain Italian regions); 
According to Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree 461"), payments in respect 
of Securities as well as capital gains realised by (a) Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial 
activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, (b) an Italian partnership (other than a società in 
nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying 
out commercial activities or professional associations or (c) an Italian private or public institution not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities 
are subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) currently at rate of 26 per cent.. In respect of the application 
of the substitute tax, said Securityholders listed above may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
(a) Under the tax declaration regime ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime for the 
taxation of capital gains, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative 
basis, on all payments in respect of Securities and all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of 
the same nature, realised pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any 
given tax year. The overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss of the same nature, must be reported in the annual tax return and imposta sostitutiva must be paid 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant year. Capital losses in excess of 
capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
(b) As an alternative to the Tax Declaration Regime, the Securityholders may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on payments received in respect of Securities and capital gains realised on each 
sale or redemption of the Securities under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" provided 
for by Article 6 of Decree 461 (the "Administrative Savings Regime"). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and 
(ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being timely made in writing by the

--- Page 1109 ---
1109 
 
 
relevant Securityholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect 
of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities, as well as on capital gains realized 
as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or using funds provided 
by the Securityholder for this purpose. Where a sale or redemption of the Securities results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be offset against with capital gains of the same nature subsequently realised, within 
the same relationship of deposit, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the Securityholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) Where the Securities are part of a portfolio managed under the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" 
provided for by Article 7 of Decree 461 (the "Asset Management Regime") by an Italian asset 
management company or an authorized financial intermediary, any payments received as well as capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Securities will not be subject to the substitute tax 
on capital gains but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the managed 
portfolio, subject to 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio at year end may be carried forward against 
appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. The Securityholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains realised in the relevant annual tax return if under the Asset Management 
Regime. 
Any capital gains on Securities (as well as increase or decrease of their relevant fair market value) held by Italian 
resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds, SICAVs or SICAFs not mainly investing in 
real estate assets and governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 (the “UCIs”) contribute to 
determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the UCIs accrued at the end of each tax year. UCIs will 
not be subject to taxation on such increase, but a withholding tax of 26% will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted with amendments 
by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, where a Securityholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 or an Italian SICAF, to which the provisions 
of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 applies (the “Real Estate UCIs”), capital gains realised will be 
subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate UCI. The income of 
the Real Estate UCI, depending on the status and percentage of participation by the unitholders/shareholders, is 
(i) directly subject to tax in their hands or (ii) subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. upon 
distribution or redemption or disposal of the units/shares. 
Any capital gains on Securities held by a Securityholders who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad hoc annual 
substitute tax.

--- Page 1110 ---
1110 
 
 
Non-Italian resident investors  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities traded on regulated 
markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the substitute tax, regardless of whether the Securities are held in 
Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian 
resident Securityholders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and elect to be 
subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, may be required 
to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not traded on regulated 
markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the 
Securities are held in Italy. 
However, where the Securities are not traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, pursuant to the provisions 
of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Securities with no permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected are exempt from the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy 
on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities if they are resident for 
tax purposes in a state or territory included in the "White List" (i.e. Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 
September, 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time and to be updated every six months period 
according to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996. Last amendment made on 
23 March 2017). The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international 
entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain 
foreign institutional investors established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the 
status of taxpayers in their own country of residence; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime 
or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional statements may be 
required for non-Italian resident Securityholders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are 
connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon the 
sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on 
capital gains, non-Italian resident Securityholders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative 
Savings Regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary

--- Page 1111 ---
1111 
 
 
appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the competent tax authorities of the country of 
residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the Administrative Savings Regime shall automatically apply, unless it 
is expressly waived this regime, where the Securities are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian 
resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign 
intermediary. 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" not having 100 per cent. capital 
protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
Payments relating to Securities issued by Mediobanca that are not deemed to fall within the category of (a) 
bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or of (b) shares or securities 
similar to shares (azioni or titoli similari alle azioni), may qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian 
tax purposes, and are subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent., pursuant to Art. 5 of Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 
22 December 1986, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any 
right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which 
they are issued or to control the same management. 
Where the Securityholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Securities are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, (iii) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Securities are effectively connected, (iv) an 
Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private or public institution, the 26 
per cent. withholding tax applies as provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the 
Securityholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (generally 10 per cent. or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Securityholders, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Any gain obtained from the sale or the exercise of the Securities would be subject to the same tax regime as 
described under "Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial 
instruments", above. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Securities (which qualify as 
"atypical" securities as defined above), if such Securities are included (i) in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 -114 of Law No. 
232 of 11 December 2016 (“Law No. 232”) as subsequently amended and restated from time to time and for 
long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2020 by Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 
of 26 October 2019, converted by Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as applicable from time to time (“Decree

--- Page 1112 ---
1112 
 
 
No. 124”), as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
(B) 
Tax regimes applicable to Securities issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg 
and Italy as indicated, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Securities issued by Mediobanca International or MBFL should therefore consult 
their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax lawand 
Italian tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under section 1 below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in this Part (B) to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only in respect of 
Section 1 and Italian tax law and/or concepts in respect of Section 2. Also, please note that a reference to 
Luxembourg income tax encompasses Luxembourg corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), 
municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), employment fund’s contribution (contribution au fonds 
pour l’emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject 
to Luxembourg net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Luxembourg 
corporate income tax, net wealth tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply 
to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers resident in 
Luxembourg are generally subject to Luxembourg personal income tax and the employment fund’s contribution. 
Under certain circumstances, where an individual Luxembourg taxpayer acts in the course of the management of 
a professional or business undertaking, Luxembourg municipal business tax may apply as well. 
1.  
Tax treatment of the Securities in Luxembourg  
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Securities 
A holder of the Securities will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Securities, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Securities. 
Withholding tax  
All payments of arm's length and non-profit participating interest and principal by the relevant Luxembourg 
Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Securities can be made free and 
clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application of the Luxembourg law of 
23 December 2005 introducing a final withholding tax on certain interest deriving from savings income, as 
amended (the "Relibi Law"). 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income under the Securities by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg and acting in the course of its 
private wealth will be subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 20% (the "20% Withholding Tax"), which is 
the responsibility of the Luxembourg paying agent to apply.

--- Page 1113 ---
1113 
 
 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Securities acting in the course of their private wealth can opt to self-
declare and pay a self-assessed 20% tax levy on receipt of interest payments made by non-Luxembourg paying 
agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg, or a State of the European Economic Area (the 
"Self-Assessed 20% Tax Levy"). If such an option is exercised by an individual holder for a fiscal year, that 
option is irrevocable for that individual holder for that fiscal year, and makes that individual responsible for 
applying and paying the Self-Assessed 20% Tax Levy in respect of interest they receive on Securities. For the 
above purposes, the "paying agent" under the Relibi Law is the economic operator or a professional of the 
financial sector that pays interest or allocates the payment of the interest in the course of its normal economic 
activity to the immediate benefit of the beneficial owner – i.e. the last person in the payment chain before the 
Luxembourg resident individual. 
Income taxation of the holders of the Securities 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Securities by a non-resident Holder does not give 
rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Securities were held as business assets by such non-resident 
through a permanent establishment or through a permanent representative in Luxembourg. A non-resident 
corporate holder of the Securities or an individual holder of the Securities acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax on interest accrued or receivedand on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Securities. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Individual holders of Securities 
Individual holders of Securities who are residents in Luxembourg, receiving interest in the course of the 
management of his or her private wealth, are subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of 
interest received, under the Securities, except if (i) 20 % Withholding Tax has been levied on such payments in 
accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Securities has opted for the application of a 
Self-Assessed 20 % Tax Levy in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Such individuals are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the Securities, unless the 
disposal of the Securities (whether by sale, redemption or exchange) precedes the acquisition of the Securities or 
the Securities are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Securities. Upon the sale, of 
the Securities, individual Luxembourg resident holders of the Securities must however include the portion of the 
redemption price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in their taxable income except if tax has been 
levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
If an individual holder of Securities acting in the course of management of a professional or business

--- Page 1114 ---
1114 
 
 
undertaking he/she is the subject to Luxembourg tax as described below in the section “Corporate holders of 
Secutities”.  
(b) 
Corporate holders of Securities 
A corporate holder of Securities must include any interest accrued or receivedor any gain realised on the sale or 
disposal (i.e. the difference between the disposal price  and the fiscal value of the Securities disposed of) in any 
form whatsoever, of the Securities, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg resident companies holders of the Securities which are companies benefiting from a special tax 
regime, such as (i) family wealth management companies subject to the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on 
family estate management companies, as amended; (ii) undertakings for collective investment subject to the 
Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) specialised 
investment funds subject to the Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended; or (iv) companies regulated by the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds as amended, not investing in risk capital, are exempt from income tax in Luxembourg and thus, 
income derived from the Securities, as well as gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, 
exempt from such tax (the "Luxembourg Special Tax Regime Treatment"). 
Net wealth tax 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 abrogating the net wealth tax for 
individuals and adopting other measures, as amended, has abolished the net wealth tax with effect from 1 
January 2006. Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a corporate holder of Securities unless: (i) such 
holder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such 
Security is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent establishment or 
a permanent representative in Luxembourg.  
A resident corporate holder of Securities or non-resident corporate holder of Securities that maintains a 
permanent establishment, permanent representative or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which such 
Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities, except if such holder is 
governed by (i) the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended; (ii) 
the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) the 
Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; (iv) the Luxembourg law of 
22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; (v) the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles, as amended; (vi) professional pension institutions in the form of variable capital companies (sociétés 
d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAVs) or associations (associations d'épargne-pension - ASSEPs) 
governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the 
form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; or (vii) it 
is a company that is subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds as 
amended. 
However, further to the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on net wealth tax aspects, as amended certain 
companies such as (i) securitisation companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on

--- Page 1115 ---
1115 
 
 
securitisation, as amended; (ii) risk capital companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 relating 
to the investment company in risk capital, as amended; (iii) professional pension institutions in the form of 
variable capital companies (sociétés d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAVs) or associations 
(associations d'épargne-pension - ASSEPs) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for 
occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension 
savings associations, as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds under the form of corporations 
which invest in risk capital, subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment 
funds as amended, should fall within the scope of the minimum net wealth tax, which may vary depending on the 
total amount and type of assets held. Such minimum net wealth tax may either amount to EUR 4,815 or range 
between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 (the "Luxembourg Minimum Net Wealth Tax"). 
On 10 November 2023, the Luxembourg Constitutional Court ruled that the minimum flat net wealth tax 
amounting to EUR 4,815 is unconstitutional due to the fact that other companies, in similar circumstances, may 
be subject to a lower minimum net wealth tax if computed solely on the total amount of their balance sheet. A 
reform of the minimum flat net wealth tax is therefore expected. 
Other taxes 
1. Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Securities be subject to any other formality in Luxembourg with any notary, court or 
other authority in Luxembourg, in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility as 
evidence of any of the Securities in Luxembourg, or that any registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty 
or any other similar tax or duty will be payable in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the 
Securities, unless the Securities are registered (or lodged with a notary’s records), either voluntarily or by order 
of a Luxembourg court or official authority, or if they are attached (annexés) to any document subject to 
mandatory registration in Luxembourg (such as a public deed). 
2. VAT 
There should not be any Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issuance of the Securities or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Securities or the transfer 
of Securities, provided that Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged 
for certain services rendered to the relevant Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are 
rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax 
does not apply with respect to such services. 
3. Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Securities upon the death of a Securities holder in 
cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg at the time of his death for inheritance tax purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed signed before a 
Luxembourg notary or is otherwise registered in Luxembourg.

--- Page 1116 ---
1116 
 
 
2. 
Tax treatment of the Securities in Italy for Italian resident investors 
Any gain obtained from the sale or the exercise of the Securities would be subject to the same tax regime as 
described under (A) "Italian tax regime of the Securities issued by Mediobanca", above. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is an individual who was not tax resident of Italy for at least 9 of the 
past 10 years, but he/she transferred the tax residence to Italy and opted for the application of a the EUR 100,000 
substitute tax on his/her annual foreign-sourced income pursuant to Article 24-bis of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986, as introduced by the Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, the payment of such substitute 
tax will be substitutitve of any income tax due on the foreign-sourced income, including capital gains on the sale 
or redemption of Securities held out of the Italian territory. 
In case Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" pursuant to Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, payments in respect of such Securities received by Italian resident 
individual Securityholders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual investors holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. final 
withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or financial 
intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase 
or in the transfer of the Securities; 
(b) 
if the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the Securities are not 
received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary (that is involved in the 
collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the transfer thereof) and no withholding 
tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be required to declare the payments in their income tax 
return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent.. The Italian individual 
Securityholder may elect instead to pay ordinary IRPEF at the progressive rates applicable to them in 
respect of the payments; if so, the Italian individual Securityholder should generally benefit from a tax 
credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to an Italian resident Securityholder which is 
(i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Program 
Securities are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in such 
cases, payments must be included in the relevant Securityholder’s annual income tax return to be therefore 
subject to ordinary Italian business income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the 
Securityholder, also to IRAP) and the beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for any 
withholding tax applied outside Italy. 
(C) 
Irish Taxation of the Securities issued by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL

--- Page 1117 ---
1117 
 
 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. The summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision 
to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult 
their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition 
of the Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess of one 
year); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period in 
excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that are 
resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax;  
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent) to payments of Irish source 
yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent to distributions.  
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the relevant 
Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is connected, nor are 
the Securities held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that 
payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded as 
payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer (save as described at 
Irish Encashment Tax below) should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of these Irish withholding 
taxes from payments made in connection with the Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be obliged to 
deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the 
Securities. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland 
acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Securities will be subject to Irish withholding tax at a prescribed rate 
of 25 per cent. This is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners 
of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Securities entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in

--- Page 1118 ---
1118 
 
 
Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish 
tax legislation, to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland. In addition, an exemption applies where 
the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be 
within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income.  
4. 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
There is no express position of the Italian tax authorities on the tax treatment applicable on payments performed 
by a guarantor in lieu of the Issuer. 
In principle, whilst payments made by the Italian Guarantor to the holders of Securities in order to refund the 
amount invested in the Securities should not give rise to any tax liability since they do not qualify as payments of 
income, payments made by the Italian Guarantor to the holders of Securities in relation to interest and other 
proceeds due on the Securities by the issuer, may give rise to Italian tax liability.  
According to a certain interpretation of Italian tax law, payments of interest performed by the Guarantor would 
have the same legal nature of that originally payable by the issuer and thus could be treated, in certain 
circumstances, as a payment made by the issuer and thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous 
paragraph (A) in case of an Italian issuer. Conversely, according to a different interpretation of the law the 
payments performed by the Guarantor change the nature of the amounts due since the Guarantor pays the 
relevant amount in relation to a different and new legal title and thus the relevant tax treatment of the payments 
shall be examined based on such new legal title and on the nature and residence of the recipient. 
 (D) 
General Provisions applicable in Italy to both Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL Issues 
Tax monitoring  
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-
commercial partnerships and similar entities, who are the beneficial owners of investments abroad or of foreign 
financial assets (including Securities held abroad and/or Securities issued by a non-Italian resident issuer), must, 
in certain circumstances, report the aforesaid to the Italian Tax Authorities in their income tax return (or, in case 
the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time prescribed for the 
income tax return). 
The above reporting requirement does not apply with respect to (i) foreign investments (including the Securities) 
deposited for management with Italian financial intermediaries or relevant contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that any related income has been subject to tax by such financial intermediaries, or 
(ii) if the foreign investments are exclusively composed of deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed EUR 15,000 throughout the year. 
Inheritance and gift taxes

--- Page 1119 ---
1119 
 
 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Securities) as a result of death or donation (or other transfer for no 
consideration) of Italian residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to assets held within 
the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes Securities issued by Italian resident issuers), are 
generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 
1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift;  
(iii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion of the 
net asset value exceeding EUR 1,500,000.00. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Article 16 of Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 in the case of 
a gift of assets, such as the Securities, whose sale for consideration would give rise to capital gains to be subject 
to the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree 461, as subsequently amended. In particular, if the donee sells 
the Securities for consideration within five years from their receipt as a gift, the latter is required to pay the 
relevant imposta sostitutiva as if the gift had never taken place. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Article 1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law 232 
and Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law 145, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and in 
a long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2021, by Article 13-bis of Decree 124, as 
subsequently amended and restated by Article 136 of Decree 34 and by Article 68 of Decree 104, are exempt 
from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of Securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of EUR 200; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2ter of the Tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, 
as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product

--- Page 1120 ---
1120 
 
 
and instrument, including the Securities, which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The 
stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed EUR 14,000 for taxpayers which are not 
individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is 
available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, obbligazioni and 
capital adequacy financial instruments) held.  
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to the 
extent that the Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted.  
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the 
stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 
June 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian 
territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 converted with amendments by Law No. 
214 of 22 December 2011, as subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and 
partnerships (and similar entities) which are resident in Italy and hold financial instruments, including the 
Securities, outside the Italian territory are required to declare them in their own annual tax return and pay a 
wealth tax at the current rate of 0.20 per cent. for each year. Starting from fiscal year 2024, the wealth tax applies 
at the rate of 0.4 per cent for financial assets held in countries or territories listed in the Ministerial Decree dated 
4 May 1999. 
This tax is calculated on an annual basis on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – 
if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at EUR 14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax  
Where the Issuer decides to redeem the Securities at their maturity by delivering shares to the investor, an Italian 
Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") may apply. In particular, Article 1(491) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 
2012 (the "Stability Law for 2013") introduced a stamp duty-like FTT of 0.2 per cent. on the transfer of shares 
and other equity-like instruments issued by Italian resident entities (for this purpose, residence must be

--- Page 1121 ---
1121 
 
 
determined on the basis of the location of the entity’s registered office). This also encompasses any financial 
instruments that have such shares or equity-like instruments as their underlying assets, irrespective of the issuer’s 
residence. The FTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the 
transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The FTT rate is reduced by half to 0.1 per cent. if the transfer takes place on a regulated market or multilateral 
trading system. The FTT is determined with reference to the net daily balance of purchase and sale transactions 
performed by the same person in the same financial instrument. In particular, the taxable base is determined by 
multiplying: (i) the number of securities corresponding to the sum of the net daily balance of purchase and sale 
transactions for each financial instrument for which there are net purchases (as opposed to net sales); and (ii) the 
weighted average price of the purchases of such financial instruments carried out on the relevant day. 
Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 introduces a fixed levy FTT that applies to all transactions involving 
equity derivatives which have Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments 
as their underlying assets. An equity derivative is subject to the FTT if the underlying or reference value consists 
of more than 50 per cent., of the market value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-
related instruments, as measured on either: (i) the date of issuance, for financial instruments traded on regulated 
markets or on multilateral trading systems; or (ii) the date when the relevant contract is entered into in all other 
cases. The FTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction 
are not resident in Italy. 
The amount of tax due depends on the type of derivative instrument and on the contract’s value, but is subject to 
a maximum of Euro 200. This FTT is reduced to 1/5 of the relevant amount if the transfer takes place on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading system. If a derivative is equity-settled, the consequent share transaction 
is ordinarily subject to the FTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013. 
The FTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by and borne by the (ultimate) transferee of 
the shares or equity-like instruments. The FTT under Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by each 
party involved in the relevant transaction. The FTT must be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities 
by any intermediary intervening in any way in the execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary 
companies or investment firms licensed to provide investment services on a professional basis to the public in 
accordance with Article 18 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian 
resident intermediaries. However, the Stability Law for 2013 provides that such an intermediary is permitted to 
refrain from executing the relevant transaction until they have received the amount of FTT due on the transaction 
from the relevant person referred to above. Non-Italian resident intermediaries may appoint an Italian 
withholding agent as a tax representative in order to take care of the compliance regarding the FTT. In the event 
that several financial intermediaries are involved, the obligation to make the payment of the FTT to the Italian 
tax authorities falls on the party that directly receives the transaction order from the parties. If no intermediary is 
involved in a transaction, the relevant parties referred to above must pay the FTT due directly to the Italian tax 
authorities.

--- Page 1122 ---
1122 
 
 
A 0.02 per cent. FTT has also been introduced on high frequency trading carried out on the Italian financial 
market. 
Some exemptions may apply. 
(E) 
French Taxation of the Securities issued by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL 
This summary is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect and applied as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. This section does not address all French tax 
considerations that may be relevant to an investor. In some cases, different rules and specific exemptions can be 
applicable, depending, in particular, on the characterisation of the Securities for French tax purposes or on the 
specific tax situation of the investor. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly under 
change, which changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions set out in this 
summary. Investors should seek professional advice with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Securities, taking into account the particular aspects of their situation. 
This summary assumes that the Securities will be treated as debt securities under French tax law and that the 
income and gains from the Securities do not have a French source. It does not discuss the taxation of derivatives, 
neither does it determine the conditions under which structured products can be treated differently from debt 
under French tax law. It also assumes that each Issuer is not a tax resident for French tax purposes and does not 
act through a permanent establishment in France in relation to the Securities. Finally, it is based on the 
assumption that there will be no substitution of the Issuers and do not address the consequences of any such 
substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the 
Securities). 
Withholding of French tax by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL 
Income paid or accrued by the Issuers on the Securities will remain outside of the scope of the French 
withholding tax legislation to the extent such Securities are not issued through a French branch or permanent 
establishment of the Issuers. 
Taxation of French tax resident individuals 
Taxation of income 
The income deriving from the Securities, including the sums that may be regarded as redemption premiums,  are 
generally treated as interest from a French tax perspective. 
Interest and other income received by individual holders of Securities who are French tax residents and who do 
not hold their Securities in connection with a business they carry on, are taxable in the hands of the investor to 
income tax and social surtaxes following a two-step process. 
Interest and other similar revenues received by French tax resident individuals are first subject to a non-
discharging withholding tax (“prélèvement forfaitaire non libératoire” - PFNL) withheld at a flat-rate of 12.8% 
as well as 17.2% of social surtaxes. The PFNL is considered to be an advance payment on the final tax liability.

--- Page 1123 ---
1123 
 
 
The PFNL must be withheld and reported by the paying agent of such income in the meaning of the French 
withholding tax legislation, and usually is the financial instution keeping the bank or financial account of the 
investor.  
If the paying agent is established outside France, the individual investor is responsible for paying the income tax 
prepayment and the social surtaxes directly to the French tax authorities no later than the 15th day of the month 
following the payment received under the Securities. If the paying agent is established outside France, in an EU 
or EEA member state, it can however be appointed by the taxpayer as tax representative to account for and pay 
the PFNL on behalf of the taxpayer 
Upon final taxation, the income paid to a French tax resident individual is then in principle taxed at a flat rate of 
30% (12.8% of income tax and 17.2% of social surtaxes – together referred to as the “prélèvement forfaire 
unique” or PFU) or, upon election, under the ordinary progressive brackets of income tax (the election would 
apply on all investment income and capital gains) at a standard progressive rate of up to 45%. If the French tax 
resident individual elects for the application of the ordinary progressive brackets, a 6.8% portion of the 
aforementioned social surtaxes should be deductible from the taxable income of the following tax year. 
Should the amount of the PFNL exceed the final tax liability, the difference would be refunded to the French 
resident individual. 
If the French resident individual receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers’ jurisdictions, a 
French tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains derived from the disposal of the Securities should be in principle subject to the PFU, at a global 
rate of 30% (12.8% of personal income tax and 17.2% of social surtaxes). If the French tax resident individual 
elects for the application of the ordinary progressive brackets, a 6.8% portion of the aforementioned social 
surtaxes should be deductible from the taxable income of the following tax year. Absent such election, no 
portion of social surtaxes will be deductible from the taxable income. 
If French tax resident holders of  Securities dispose of them at a loss, capital losses can in principle be offset 
against capital gains recognized during the same year and having the same nature, the excess being carried 
forward for a maximum of 10 years. Conversely, capital losses will not be otherwise deductible for income tax 
purposes. 
In case of settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of shares, the taxation 
of the corresponding income may, in certain circumstances, be deferred until the disposal of the received shares. 
French resident individuals should consult their advisors regarding these aspects. 
Exceptional contribution on high income (“Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus”) 
An exceptional contribution on high income may be applicable to French tax resident holders of Securities, 
where their “reference income” exceeds EUR 250,000 for a single person or EUR 500,000 for a couple taxed on

--- Page 1124 ---
1124 
 
 
a joint basis.  
The “reference income” for the relevant fiscal year would include income and gains realised in relation to the 
Securities. 
This contribution is equal to 3% of the fraction of the “reference income” above EUR 250,000 for a single 
person (or EUR 500,000 for a couple) and, 4% on the “reference income” over EUR 500,000 for a single person 
(or EUR 1 million for a couple). 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant bilateral tax treaty, French gift or inheritance taxes would be levied on 
the transfer of the Securities by way of gift by, or on the death of, French tax resident holder, if: 
a) the holder of Securities is a resident in France; or 
b) the beneficiary is resident in France and has been so resident for at least six years over the ten preceding 
years; or 
c) if both the holder of Securities,  and the beneficiary are non-French residents, the transferred assets are 
located in France. Assets located in France for French gift/inheritance tax purposes would include receivables 
and other forms of debt instruments over a debtor established in France.  
The tax bands and rates depend, in particular, on the kinship between the individuals concerned. 
Taxation of French tax resident corporate investors 
Corporate income tax and additional contribution – general aspects 
As a general rule, income or capital gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the 
standard rate of 25% (or to specific rates applicable depending on a company’s turnover and the level of its 
taxable profits) on an accruals basis. An additional contribution of 3.3% of the amount of corporate income tax 
due by the taxpaying company may be due if that company is subject to a corporate income tax charge exceeding 
EUR 763,000. 
Capital losses are generally treated as ordinary losses which may be set off against operational profits. The 
remaining losses may be carried forward indefinitely, but their use is limited, for a given year, to EUR 1 million 
plus 50% of the taxable profit exceeding this amount. Besides, an option can be made by the holders of 
Securities in order to carry back the losses against their prior taxable result but limited to the taxable profit of the 
previous year and up to the limit of EUR 1 million. 
If the French corporate resident holder of Securities receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers 
jurisdictions, a French tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of interest and redemption premiums 
In principle, interest payments are taxed at the above-mentioned standard corporate income tax rate (or the

--- Page 1125 ---
1125 
 
 
reduced rate applicable to small companies where the relevant conditions are met) on an accrual basis. 
If the French corporate resident holder of Securities receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers 
jurisdictions, a French tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty. 
Any redemption premium would be taxed at the above-mentioned standard corporate income tax rate (or to 
reduced rates applicable to small and medium companies meeting certain requirements). However, if the 
estimated value of the redemption premium exceeds the purchase value of the Securities by 10% or more and the 
average issue price of the Securities is less than 90% of the estimated redemption value, the taxation of such 
premium is spread according to the actuarial method. The taxation of the premium is hence spread on an annual 
basis over the lifetime of the Securities until the maturity. 
Taxation of Capital gains 
Capital gains derived from the disposal of the Securities, by corporate resident holders should be taxable at 
standard rate. The taxable gains should be reduced by the amount of the fraction of interest and redemption 
premiums taxed under the actuarial method. 
In case of settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of shares, the taxation 
of the corresponding income may, in certain circumstances, be deferred until the disposal of the received 
shares. French corporate resident holders of Securities should specifically consult their own tax advisors 
regarding these aspects. 
Taxation of non-French tax resident investors 
Income and capital gains derived from the Securities, received by individuals who are not residents of France for 
tax purposes are not taxable in France.  
The income and capital gains derived from Securities by corporate investors who have neither their corporate 
seat nor their effective place of management in France, are not taxable in France unless the Securities form part 
of the business property of a French permanent establishment (these investors should instead generally refer to 
the “Taxation of French tax resident corporate investors” section above). 
Transfer Taxes 
The subscription, purchase or subsequent sale of Securities, is not in principle subject to transfer tax in France. 
However, the following may be relevant in connection with Securities, which are settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of shares issued by a French company: 
a) 
The settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of outstanding shares 
in French companies should generally give rise to French transfer taxes pursuant to administrative 
guidelines. The conversion or exchange of Securities against shares issued by a public company whose

--- Page 1126 ---
1126 
 
 
registered office is located in France for consideration is, in principle, subject to a 0.1% transfer tax34 (the 
"French Transfer Tax"), provided, in the case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, that the 
transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement executed in France (BOI-ENR-DMTOM-40-10-10 
n°40). 
b) 
A financial transaction tax (the "French Financial Transaction Tax") is imposed, subject to certain 
exceptions, on certain acquisitions of French shares (or certain assimilated securities) which are listed on a 
recognised stock exchange where the relevant issuer's stock market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion 
(on 1st December of the previous calendar year). The rate of the French Financial Transaction Tax is 0.3% 
of the acquisition price. There are a number of exemptions from the French Financial Transaction Tax and 
investors shall revert to their counsel to identify whether they can benefit from them. 
c) 
If the French Financial Transaction Tax is effectively due in respect of a transaction that would normally 
trigger the payment of the French Transfer Tax mentioned in (a) above, an exemption in respect of the 
French Transfer Tax is applicable. 
The settlement or redemption of Securities by way of physical delivery of shares issued by non-French 
companies will generally not be subject to French transfer taxes unless such transfer is evidenced by a written 
deed or agreement signed in France. 
(E) 
Swiss Taxation of the Securities issued by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL 
The following is a summary of the Swiss tax treatment of the Securities. The summary does not purport to be an 
exhaustive description of all of the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Securities.  
The summary is based on the laws of Switzerland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective 
investors in the Securities should consult their own advisers as to the Swiss or other tax consequences. 
Swiss withholding tax 
As the Issuers are not incorporated in Switzerland, the income derivated form the Securities should not be 
subject to Swiss withholding tax provided that the Issuers are at all times resident and effectively managed from 
outside of Switzerland and do not maintain a permanent establishment in Switzerland. 
 
34 Other rates and specific rules may apply in specific circumstances (e.g. a 3% rate if the shares have been issued by a French private company or a 
French partnership, or a 5% rate of the shares have been issued by a company regarded as a “real estate company” for French transfer tax 
purposes).

--- Page 1127 ---
1127 
 
 
Swiss stamp duty 
Swiss stamp duty is payable on the transfer of taxable securities35 provided that the transaction involves a Swiss 
securities dealer36 acting either as a broker or as counterparty. 
Among other things37, the following are considered as securities when they are issued by a person resident in 
Switzerland:  
- 
Shares; 
- 
Bonds38; 
- 
Units in collective investment schemes.  
Instruments issued by a person domiciled abroad and fulfilling the same economic functions as the securities 
mentioned above are assimilated to securities issued by a person resident in Switzerland. 
In particular39, the following are considered as securities dealers:  
- 
Banks; 
- 
Individuals and legal entities who trade collective investment shares on behalf of third parties, or who act as 
investment advisors or asset managers in the purchase and sale of collective investment shares; 
- 
Swiss pension funds; 
- 
Swiss corporations holding balance sheet assets in taxable securities in excess of CHF 10 million. 
Depending on the respective qualification of each type of Securities, the subscription of said Securities may be 
subject to Swiss stamp duty if the transaction involves a Swiss securities dealer for stamp duty purposes acting 
acting either as a broker or as a counterparty. In this case, the stamp duty should amount to 0.15% (half of the 
ordinary rate) of the counter value as the Issuers qualifies as foreign banks. The stamp tax liability is the 
responsibility of the Swiss securities dealer, which typically recharges this cost to its clients. 
The resale of Securities may be subject to stamp duty if the transaction involves a Swiss securities dealer for 
stamp duty purposes acting as a broker or as a counterparty. Where applicable, the amount of stamp duty will be 
either 0.075%, 0.15% or 0.3% depending on the characterization of the investors. 
The redemption of Securities in view of cancelation is in any case exempt from Swiss stamp duty.  
Swiss income and wealth/capital tax 
a.  Individuals 
 
35 As defined by Article 13 para. 2 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act. 
36 As defined by Article 13 para. 3 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act. 
37 For the exhaustive list, please refer to Article 13 para. 2 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act. 
38 As defined by Article 4 para. 3 and 4 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act.  
39 For the exhaustive list, please refer to Article 13 para. 3 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act.

--- Page 1128 ---
1128 
 
 
i. Swiss residents holding Securities as part of their private assets (private investors) 
Swiss-residents holding Securities as part of their private (as opposed to commercial) assets qualify as private 
investors. 
All income derived from the Securities will be added to the income of the private investors. Said income will be 
subject to income tax at the ordinary (progressive) rate. The income tax rate varies significantly depending on 
the canton (and municipality) of residence. As a matter of illustration, the maximum tax rate is 45% in Geneva, 
40% in Zurich, and 22.2% in Zug (all taxes - federal, cantonal and municipal - included).  
As a general principle, capital gains earned by the private investors from the sale of their Securities will be 
exempt from Swiss income tax. 
Additionally, the market value of the Securities will be added to the wealth of the private investors and subject to 
Swiss wealth tax at the ordinary (progressive) rate. The wealth tax rate also varies significantly depending on the 
canton (and municipality) of residence. As a matter of illustration, the maximum tax rate is 1.01% in Geneva, 
0.66% in Zurich, and 0.27% in Zug (all taxes - cantonal and municipal - included). 
ii. Swiss residents under the "forfait" tax regime 
Swiss residents that benefit from the so-called "forfait" tax regime owe income and wealth tax on the basis of 
their "forfait" irrespective of their effective income and wealth. Thus, the income derived from the Securities 
should not have any consequences for Swiss residents under the "forfait" tax regime. 
iii. Swiss residents holding shares as part of their commercial assets (professional investors) 
Swiss-residents holding Securities as part of their commercial (as opposed to private) assets qualify as 
professional investors. 
The professional investors are subject to Swiss income tax levied at the ordinary (progressive) rate on both the 
income and the capital gains derived from the Securities.  
Regarding the sale of Securities, the positive difference between their sale price and their book value is subject to 
Swiss income tax.  
In addition, Securities owned by Swiss professional investors are subject to wealth tax based on the book value 
of the investment. 
Swiss professional investors who keep accounting records are taxed in accordance with the principle of 
"determinance" (infra b.i) but at the ordinary (progressive) rate. 
b. Legal entities 
i. Corporations

--- Page 1129 ---
1129 
 
 
Swiss corporations are taxed in accordance with the principle of "determinance". According to said principle, the 
Swiss tax administration uses the corporation's profit as recorded in its financial statements as a basis for 
determining its taxable income and its taxable capital.  
As a result, Swiss corporations will be subject to Swiss corporate income tax on any income derived from the 
Securities irrespective of the nature of said income (interest, dividends, capital gains, etc.) to the extent that such 
income affects the corporation's profit as recorded in its financial statement. 
To the same extent, the disposal and the redemption of the Securities will be subject to Swiss corporate income 
tax on the difference between their sale price and their book value.  
The ordinary actual corporate income tax rate varies importantly depending on the canton (and municipality) of 
residence of the company. As a matter of illustration, the tax rate is 14% in Geneva, 19.7% in Zurich, 11.85% in 
Zug (all taxes - federal, cantonal and municipal - included). 
Additionnaly, Securities owned by Swiss coporations are subject to a coporate capital tax based on the book 
value of the investment. The corporate capital tax rate also varies significantly depending on the canton (and 
municipality) of residence of the compagny. As a matter of illustration, the maximum tax rate is 0.401% in 
Geneva, 0.172% in Zurich, and 0.071% in Zug (all taxes - cantonal and municipal - included). 
ii. Exempted legal entities 
Certain legal entities are exempt from income and capital tax. This exemption applies to profits (ordinary income 
and capital gains) derived from the Securities. 
The tax exemption applies notably40 to the following types of entities: 
- The Confederation and its establishments; 
- The Swiss pension funds; 
- The domestic social insurance and compensation funds, including unemployment insurance, health insurance, 
old age, disability and survivors' insurance funds. 
Swiss inheritance/gift tax 
The cantons (except Schwyz and Obwald) levy a Swiss inheritance/gift tax on all the deceased's/donor's 
worldwide assets provided that the deceased/donor was resident in the canton.  
The tax rates varies significantly form canton to canton and according to the degree of parenthood to the 
deceased/donor. In most of the cantons, the transfer of wealth by inheritance/gift to the spouse or direct offspring 
is tax-free. As a matter of illustration, the tax rate for non-related persons is 54.6% in Geneva, 36% in Zurich and 
20% in Zug. 
 
40 For the exhaustive list, please refer to Article 13 para. 3 of the Swiss Stamp Duty Act.

--- Page 1130 ---
1130 
 
 
(F) 
United Kingdom taxation of Securities issued by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL 
The following is a general summary of the relevant Issuer’s understanding of certain aspects of current United 
Kingdom law and published HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice relating to certain aspects of United 
Kingdom taxation in respect of Securities issued by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL. It 
applies only to persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Securities may not apply to certain classes of 
persons, such as dealers and persons connected with the relevant Issuer, to whom special rules may apply. 
Prospective Securityholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position or who may be subject to tax in any 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should seek independent professional advice without delay.  
United Kingdom withholding tax 
The Issuers may make payments in respect of the Securities without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of United Kingdom tax where such payments do not have a “United Kingdom source”. Interest paid by Issuers 
on Securities may have a United Kingdom source (“UK Interest”); for example interest paid by Issuers on 
Securities secured on assets situated in the United Kingdom may have a United Kingdom source. 
Payments of UK Interest made in respect of Securities which carry a right to interest and are listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 (“ITA 2007”), or are 
admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange within 
the meaning of section 987 ITA 2007 may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax.  
Section 1005(3) ITA 2007 provides that securities will be listed on a recognised stock exchange if (and only if) 
they are admitted to trading on that exchange, and either they are included in the United Kingdom official list 
(within the meaning of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or they are officially listed, in 
accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in European Economic Area states, in a 
country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock exchange. Euronext Dublin is a 
recognised stock exchange. Accordingly, provided the Securities are and continue to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin and officially listed as described above, the relevant Issuer is entitled to make payments of UK 
Interest on such Securities without deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
In cases falling outside the exemptions described above, United Kingdom UK Interest on Securities may fall to 
be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%) subject to such relief as 
may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation 
treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply. 
If Securities are issued at a discount to their principal amount, any such discount element is not subject to any 
United Kingdom withholding tax. If Securities are redeemed at a premium to principal amount (as opposed to 
being issued at a discount) then, depending on the circumstances, such premium may constitute a payment of 
interest for United Kingdom tax purposes and hence be subject to the United Kingdom withholding tax rules 
outlined above.

--- Page 1131 ---
1131 
 
 
(G) 
Proposed European Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under current Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
amended prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
(H) 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuers have 
each registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy and Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for

--- Page 1132 ---
1132 
 
 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of an Issuer). However, if additional Securities (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Securities are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all such Securities, including those Securities offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Securities.

--- Page 1133 ---
1133 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin Euronext Dublin's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
However, Securities may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or trading venue or which will be listed or 
admitted to trading on such stock exchange or market or multilateral trading facility as the Issuers and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of 
another European Economic Area member state: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; (ii) an Attestation 
Certificate. 
(2) 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and 
the issue and performance of the Securities and the guarantee relating to them. The update of the 
Programme, including the giving of the Guarantee, was authorised by a resolution adopted by the 
Executive Committee of Mediobanca passed on 28 October 2023 and the decision (determina) assumed 
by the General Manager (Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca on 27 December 2023, and the resolution 
of the Board of Directors of Mediobanca International passed on 30 April 2024 and the resolution of the 
Board of Directors of MB Funding Lux SA dated 27 May 2024.  
(3) 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 895 (Legal and arbitration proceedings), Mediobanca 
International (where Mediobanca International is the relevant Issuer) and MBFL (where MBFL is the 
relevant Issuer) are not and none of Mediobanca and its consolidated subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or 
amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Mediobanca Group's 
financial position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca 
International or MBFL are aware, no such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are 
pending or threatened. 
(5) 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor MBFL nor any of Mediobanca's subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or 
may reasonably be expected to be material to such Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to

--- Page 1134 ---
1134 
 
 
Securityholders. 
(6) 
Since 30 June 2023 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
(7) 
Since 30 June 2023 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Mediobanca International. 
(8) 
Since 30 June 2023 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited 
annual financial statements of MBFL have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of MBFL. 
(9) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial 
performance of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most recent un-
audited financial information available was disclosed in the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements as at 31 December 2023. 
(10) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial 
performance of Mediobanca International since the most recent unaudited financial information available 
was disclosed in the non-consolidated half-year financial statements as at 31 December 2023. 
(11) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial 
performance of MBFL since the most recent financial information available was disclosed in the non-
consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2023. 
(12) 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Securities remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), and in the 
case of paragraphs (vii), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii) and (xiii) below, may be obtained free of charge during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; a copy of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html   
(ii) 
the Deeds of Covenant; a copy of the Deeds of Covenant will be electronically available for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html 
(iii) 
the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee; a copy of the Mediobanca International Deed 
of Guarantee will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’ websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html 
l

--- Page 1135 ---
1135 
 
 
(in 
respect 
of 
Mediobanca 
– 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.) 
and 
https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html (in respect of Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(iv) 
the Custody Agreement, the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Account Bank Agreement, the 
Programme Trust Deed; a copy of the Custody Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement and the 
Programme Trust Deed, will be electronically available for viewing on Mediobanca websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html l 
(v) 
the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers 
and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme, 
including the forms of the Securities in global and definitive form); a copy of the Programme 
Manual 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html 
(vi) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International  
and MBFL; copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of 
Mediobanca International and MBFL will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’ 
websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/governance-reports-and-
documents/documents.html (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.), 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html   
(in respect of MBFL) and https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/index.html (in respect of 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(vii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2023 and 2022; 
(viii) the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 
2023 and 2022; 
(ix) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2023 
of Mediobanca; 
(x) 
the unaudited non-consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 
2023 of Mediobanca International; 
(xi) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of MBFL as at and for the years ended 
30 June 2023 and 2022; 
(xii) 
Final Terms for Securities which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or 
market; and 
(xiii) a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus;

--- Page 1136 ---
1136 
 
 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin’s 
website (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base Prospectus along with 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final 
terms 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin 
website 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). For the avoidance of doubt, the Framework and/or the 
Second-party Opinion are not incorporated in and/or does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(13) 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International may be obtained upon request at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Securities is outstanding. 
(14) 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying 
issues of Securities constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(15) 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. CREST Dematerialised 
Securities will be issued and held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof from time to time. Title to CREST 
Dematerialised Securities is recorded on the relevant operator register of eligible debt securities. The 
Operator is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
(16) 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euronext Securities Milan (also known as Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte 
Titoli") is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
(17) 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.com (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca 
di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
(18) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Mediobanca and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including

--- Page 1137 ---
1137 
 
 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Mediobanca routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Securities issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this 
paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
(19) 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and under the 
conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus as long as the Base 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and accept responsibility 
for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Securities by any Dealer and/or financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) specified 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as stated in the Final 
Terms, and for Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg and/or France (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) as 
member states in which the Base Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to 
withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or financial 
intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the 
time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or

--- Page 1138 ---
1138 
 
 
financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base 
Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to Dealers or financial 
intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final 
Terms will be published on the website http://www.mediobanca.com.

--- Page 1139 ---
1139 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE  
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II  
L-1840 Luxembourg  
  
MB FUNDING LUX SA 
28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen 
L-2411, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
MANDATED DEALER  
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER 
As to English and Italian law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP  
Via Tommaso Grossi, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited 
10 Harewood Avenue,  
NW16AA London  
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, Ireland